<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230302_10-K_edgar_data_1601548_0001601548-23-000012.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>11268504</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>389847</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2123480</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3379582</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2762759</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2436425</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>17</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001601548-23-000012.hdr.sgml : 20230302
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230302161648
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001601548-23-000012
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		114
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230302
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230302

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			V2X, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001601548
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-FACILITIES SUPPORT MANAGEMENT SERVICES [8744]
		IRS NUMBER:				383924636
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			IN
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36341
		FILM NUMBER:		23699153

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7901 JONES BRANCH DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 700
		CITY:			MCLEAN
		STATE:			VA
		ZIP:			22102
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(571) 481-2000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7901 JONES BRANCH DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 700
		CITY:			MCLEAN
		STATE:			VA
		ZIP:			22102

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Vectrus, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20140408

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Exelis MSCO Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20140303

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001601548-23-000012.txt : 20230302

10-K
 1
 vec-20221231.htm
 10-K

vec-20221231 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 Form 
 (Mark One) 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 or 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission File Number: 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , , , 
 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) Registrant s telephone number, including area code: 
 Securities Registered Under Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of Each Class 
 Trading symbol(s) Name of Exchange on Which Registered 
 
 Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: NONE 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports) and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 

Table of Contents 

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer , accelerated filer , smaller reporting company , and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer 
 
 Non-accelerated filer 
 Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 
 The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant computed by reference to the closing price at which the common equity was last sold as of July 1, 2022, the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second quarter, was . 
 As of February 24, 2023, there were shares of common stock 0.01 par value per share) outstanding. 

Table of Contents 

 V2X, INC. 
 INDEX TO ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K 
 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page No. PART I Item 1. Business 4 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 15 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 32 
 Item 2. Properties 32 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 32 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 32 
 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 33 
 Item 6. Selected Financial Data 33 
 Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 33 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 43 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 44 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 44 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 44 
 Item 9B. Other Information 47 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 47 
 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 47 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 47 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 47 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 47 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 47 
 PART IV Item 15. Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules 48 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 52 
 Signatures 53 

Table of Contents 

 PART I 
 
 ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 Overview 
 V2X , Inc. (V2X or the Company), an Indiana Corporation, formerly known as Vectrus, Inc. (Vectrus), is a leading provider of critical mission solutions primarily to defense clients in 343 locations and 45 countries and territories worldwide. Our global footprint and ability to deliver full lifecycle converged solutions across the world enables us to support the success of our clients' missions rapidly and with precision. As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 15,400 employees and 6,500 subcontract personnel. V2X offers clients around the world a broad suite of technology and services capabilities to support readiness and modernization initiatives. The Company delivers a comprehensive set of integrated solutions and critical service offerings across the operations and logistics, aerospace, training and technology markets to national security, defense, civilian and international clients. 
 Vectrus was incorporated in the State of Indiana in February 2014. On September 27, 2014, Exelis Inc, an Indiana corporation, spun-off (the Spin-off) Vectrus and Vectrus became an independent, publicly traded company. References herein to "Exelis" or "Former Parent" refer to Exelis Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries (other than Vectrus). Exelis was acquired by a predecessor entity of L3Harris Technologies, Inc. in May 2015. 
 On July 5, 2022 (the Closing Date), Vectrus completed its merger (Merger) with Vertex Aerospace Services Holding Corp., a Delaware corporation (Vertex), thereby forming V2X . The fair value of the consideration transferred with respect to the Merger totaled 634.0 million as of the Closing Date. For a description of the Merger, see Note 3, Merger and Acquisitions . The Merger created a larger and more diversified company with the ability to compete for more integrated business opportunities and generate revenue across geographies, clients, and contract-types. We continue to operate under one reportable business segment post-Merger. 
 Unless the context otherwise requires or unless stated otherwise, references to "V2X", "we," "us," "our," combined company , "the Company" and "our Company" refer to V2X and all of its consolidated subsidiaries (including, subsequent to the Merger, Vertex and its consolidated subsidiaries), taken together as a whole. 
 Significant Acquisitions 
 On December 31, 2020, we acquired Zenetex, LLC (Zenetex) and Higgins, Hermansen, Banikas, LLC (HHB). Zenetex is a leading provider of technical and strategic solutions focused on enabling mission readiness, performance, and enhanced protection for defense and national security clients globally and HHB delivers intelligence community solutions. These solutions were integrated into our existing business as additional services. The purchase prices for the Zenetex and HHB acquisitions of 117.6 million and 15.5 million, respectively, were funded with cash on hand and borrowings under our revolving credit facility. 
 Our Business Strategies 
 Our strategy is designed to deliver growth by providing converged solutions that fuse the digital and physical aspects of our clients' missions. This strategy also supports our goal to be a leader in the operational segment of the broader Federal services market. Our mission focus, innovation, and technology insertion into converged environments allow us to differentiate, drive value and expand client satisfaction across all geographies and client sets. 
 We seek to drive growth and deliver value through our strategic framework, which consists of the following strategies: Expand the Base, Capture New Markets, Deliver with Excellence, and Enhance Culture. Key components of these strategies, and our progress in executing these strategies, include: 
 Expand the Base. We strive to enhance our business by strengthening our methods and approaches to deliver higher value, high-impact services to our clients, while growing our strong foundation in our core capabilities across the mission lifecycle. The expansion of scope on existing business, execution of our solution sell-through model, and client engagement initiatives are key components of this strategy. 
 Capture New Markets. We are focused on creating a higher-value, technology-enabled and differentiated platform by strengthening our technology competencies and fusing the physical and digital aspects of our clients' missions. This strategy focuses on capturing new markets, organically and inorganically, introducing new clients, new capabilities, and new products / solutions, as well as international client expansion and targeted growth campaigns that leverage our strong foundation in aerospace solutions, advanced technology, and global mission training and sustainment. Additionally, we plan to build off of V2X s enhanced capability set that includes rapid prototyping, platform modernization, 5G, predictive maintenance, software development, cyber asset hardening, and virtual reality training solutions to access new business opportunities, funding streams, and markets that are expected to drive incremental growth. 
 Deliver with Excellence. Our initiatives focused on delivery excellence are designed to improve client relationships and improve business performance. As part of this strategy, we are standardizing, improving, 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 and automating our core operational capabilities through enterprise systems excellence, as well as technology insertion and enablement. For example, we are leveraging our enhanced scale and footprint to further enable global supply chain as a core competency. This core competency is expected to drive efficiencies to both external clients and our core internal operations. Additionally, we incorporate continuous improvement and delivery excellence processes throughout all aspects of our business. Our initiatives, processes, and technology within Delivery Excellence also integrate into our Expand the Base, Capture New Markets, and Enhance Culture strategies, which further drives value creation and differentiation. 
 Enhance Culture. Our culture is foundational in our ability to connect people, technology, and capabilities globally across the mission lifecycle. Our ethical culture and people serve as the foundation for providing long-term value to our stakeholders. We strive to support our people to ensure they can bring their best selves to work. We will continue to build and leverage an inclusive business environment by developing leadership competency, increasing employee engagement, and building organizational capacity. For details on how we are striving to enhance our culture, see our Human Capital Management disclosure. 
 
 Our Service Offerings 
 We offer our customers around the world a broad suite of technology and services capabilities to support national security readiness and modernization initiatives. We deliver a comprehensive set of integrated solutions and critical service offerings across the operations and logistics, aerospace, training and technology markets to national security, defense, civilian and international customers. Effective January 1, 2023, the Company is organized across three core business areas to provide multiple service offerings and solutions. 
 Aerospace Solutions: We provide the engineering, facilities, and skilled employees required to sustain systems and platforms from cradle to grave. We discriminate ourselves through vertically integrated organic engineering, supply chain management, manufacturing, rapid prototyping and dedicated facilities including 500,000 square feet of hangar space, 4 FAA Part 145 Repair Stations, and over 900,000 square feet of engineering, lab, manufacturing and repair and overhaul space at our Indianapolis facility. Comprehensive in-house testing capabilities including cyber, E 3 , environmental, AR/VR and development labs reside under one roof at our Indianapolis, Indiana facility. Our teams deliver full spectrum (flight line to depot), safe, high-quality maintenance in support of over 1,200 aircraft deployed around the world that fly more than 300,000 flight hours annually. More than 400 multi-disciplined engineers provide critical development, integration, production, repair and overhaul and sustainment expertise to contracts ranging from situational awareness products to production of missile launchers to repair and overhaul of tactical aircraft radar systems and components. Key critical mission support programs include aircraft maintenance and mission planning personnel who embark on aircraft carriers in support of naval aviator training and qualification, and operation and sustainment of the Joint Mission Planning System. Our Neutral Buoyancy Lab (NBL) Operations Contract team operates and sustains NASA s NBL that supports human space flight training and operations. 
 Advanced Technology : Our capabilities include sensors and solutions, as well as the operation of complex systems in austere locations. We discriminate ourselves through unmatched expertise to define and integrate the right technologies for unique mission requirements, driving optimal results and maximum mission efficacy. We provide upgrades and obsolescence management to increase service life and enhance performance as well as DevSecOps to extend enterprise software solutions. Our sensor capabilities include design, integration, and installation of complex, multi-sensor systems for border security and critical infrastructure protection in the U.S. and abroad. Our nationwide deployment of transportation security equipment includes airports for the Transportation Security Administration and commercial customers as well, and we provide program management leveraged in commercial Tolling and Congestion Management markets. Our network and cyber capabilities include IT integration, build, defend, operate and modernize. We operate the largest Outside the Continental United States (OCONUS) cyber center for the Army, in addition to classified communications support and endpoint user training. Our engineering and application work includes spectrum deconfliction, digital integration, Smart X engineering and 5G development, perimeter security, intrusion detection and turnkey product and service support. 
 Global Mission Training and Sustainment: Our capabilities provide government clients with a full life cycle capability across the spectrum of innovative training solutions and support for logistics, infrastructure sustainment and contingency operations, wherever needed. We differentiate ourselves through a holistic approach that packages solutions to deliver high consequence training, infrastructure sustainment and integrated logistics that ensures readiness while at home station and mission or contingency support while deployed. We provide infrastructure operations and sustainment for fixed facilities worldwide that focuses on preventative, predictive and reliability-centered maintenance to provide the greatest readiness at the lowest cost. At the same facilities, we provide cutting edge training to prepare the Warfighter for their mission. Whether it is designing synthetic training environments, providing subject matter experts and trainers at the National Training Center in the U.S. or the Joint Multinational Readiness Center in Germany, our team is deployed with our clients and ensures they are ready to execute their mission set when called upon. Once deployed, our clients find us in theater to meet them and ensure they are supported logistically with facilities, training ranges / opportunities, logistical support and materials. We also provide commercial training 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 to both large U.S. companies and to foreign governments that leverage state of the art remote learning platforms. Our team of professionals provides worldwide support to the U.S. Intelligence Community; Critical Infrastructure Logistics in support of Intelligence Operations; Classified IT; Intelligence Services; and Cyber Security. 
 Customers 
 Our strong relationship with the Department of Defense (DoD) is attributable to our dedication to program performance, global responsiveness and operational excellence, as well as to the execution of our core values of integrity, respect, responsibility and professionalism. We treat sales to our U.S. government customers as sales within the U.S. regardless of where the services are performed. 
 Revenue, primarily from U.S. government customers, for the periods presented below was as follows: 
 Year Ended December 31, (In thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Army 1,342,406 1,134,849 965,558 Navy 713,732 224,407 68,748 Air Force 459,849 266,291 299,272 Other 374,873 158,118 61,951 Total revenue 2,890,860 1,783,665 1,395,529 
 Key customer services contracts include the following: 
 The Logistics Civil Augmentation Program V (LOGCAP V) indefinite delivery and indefinite quantity (IDIQ) contract for base operations support and sustainment services to the Army. LOGCAP V provides each Army Service Component Command Commander a dedicated regional sustainment capability with a 72-hour response time, and scalability and flexibility that aligns with the military operational tempo. LOGCAP V augments theater sustainment, engineering, and base operations support forces with a capability that can rapidly respond to multiple global contingency and non-contingency missions across the entire continuum of military operations. V2X is one of four award recipients of the basic IDIQ contract and supports two geographic combatant commands, CENTCOM and INDOPACOM. All Army contingency tasks associated with both CENTCOM and INDOPACOM will be performed by V2X for the first five years of LOGCAP V. 
 The Company's major task orders under the LOGCAP V program are: 
 Kuwait Task Order V2X supports all base operations on multiple bases in Kuwait in support of power projections and reception operations. 
 Iraq Task Order V2X supports all base operations on multiple bases in Iraq in support of counter-ISIS operations. 
 INDOPACOM Task Order V2X supports base operations and contingency sustainment in multiple countries throughout the INDOPACOM region. 
 Cobra Dane Radar Maintenance Operation (COBRA DANE). We operate, maintain and upgrade the AN/FPS-108 radar and associated systems in support of the Strategic Warning and Surveillance Systems Division COBRA DANE Program Office located in Shemya, Alaska. 
 Operations, Maintenance and Defense of Army Communications in Southwest Asia and Central Asia (OMDAC-SWACA). We provide the operations, maintenance and defense of the Army s communications network across multiple locations in the Middle East and Central Asia. 
 T-45 Contractor Logistics Support. We provide Organizational, Intermediate and Depot level maintenance for the Navy s fleet of 193 T-45 that are used to train jet, strike pilot and naval flight officers. 
 Naval Test Wing Atlantic (NTWL). The NTWL contractor logistics support contract provides maintenance in support of the Navy s test and evaluation aircraft primarily located at NAS Patuxent River, Maryland. 
 Fleet Systems Engineering Team (FSET II). We provide on-site technical and end-to-end systems engineering support for C4I systems for the U.S. Navy. FSET II assures effective operations for all afloat and ashore C4I systems throughout the deployment cycle and provides systems engineering and technical support for rapid introduction of new capabilities into the fleet. 
 Advanced Helicopter Training System. We provide all levels of maintenance, to include organizational flight line maintenance and depot level maintenance, for the Navy s fleet of TH-57 and TH-73 training helicopters. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 Fort Bragg Logistics Support Services. The Fort Bragg Logistics Readiness Center serves as the primary logistics provider for maintenance, supply and services, and transportation support to the installation. 
 Thule Air Force Base Operations Support in Greenland (THULE). We provide base operations and maintenance services under extreme weather conditions to the Thule Air Base (AB) in Greenland. The THULE AB is home to the 821st Air Base Group and host to both the Early Warning Radar (EWR) 12th Space Warning Squadron and the Air Force Satellite Control Network Detachment 1 Polar Orbiting Geophysical Observatory 23rd Space Operations Squadron. EWR is one of many worldwide sensors reporting missile warning and space surveillance information to the North American Aerospace Defense command center in Cheyenne Mountain Air Station. 
 U.S. Marine Corps Secondary Repairables (SECREPS). We provide the remanufacture, overhaul or repair and/or tear down and evaluation of Marine Corps Ground Equipment SECREP items turned in at designated Government locations worldwide. 
 Transportation Security Administration Checked Baggage - Screening Equipment Deployment Services (CB-SEDS). We provide installation, on-site coordination and oversight support to CB-SEDS at federalized airports nationwide. 
 Maxwell Air Force Base Operations Support in Montgomery, Alabama. We operate and maintain the key facilities at the Air University, which provides the full spectrum of Air Force education, from pre-commissioning to the highest levels of professional military education such as the Air War College. 
 Operations, Maintenance, and Supply - Europe. We provide IT support and services for the 2nd Signal Brigade G-6 mission within the U.S. Army Europe, U.S. European Command and U.S. Africa Command areas of operation. 
 Air Force Global Strike Command (AFGSC). This contract provides maintenance for the USAF s fleet of helicopters that provide support and security for AFGSC s missions and weapons including intercontinental ballistic missiles and bomber aircraft. 
 Competition 
 Our competition varies depending on our service offerings. Our principal competitors in Aerospace Solutions include Amentum, IAP Worldwide Services, AAR, M-1 Support Services, Jacobs Technology, Marvin Engineering, divisions of Leidos Holdings, divisions of Northrop Grumman Services, and Akima Logistics Services, among others. Our principal competitors in Advanced Technology include divisions of Leidos Holdings, Inc., Science Applications International Corporation (SAIC), Peraton, and General Dynamics (GD) Technologies Segment. Within our Global Mission Training and Sustainment service offering, we see many of the same competitors such as Amentum, Leidos, SAIC, GD in addition to KBR, Valiant Integrated Services, PULAU Corporation and Lockheed Martin, Rotary and Missions Systems Segment. There are typically fewer competitors in the overseas market for each of our services capabilities and they vary from region to region . 
 The U.S. government has implemented policies designed to protect small businesses and under-represented minority contractors. From time to time, certain U.S. government work in the U.S. has been restricted to small businesses, including Alaskan native companies. We participate with these small businesses as a subcontractor for select opportunities. In addition, we rely on our teaming relationships with other prime contractors and subcontractors for large procurements or other opportunities where we believe the combination of services will help us win and perform the contract. Our competitors may consolidate or establish teaming or other relationships among themselves or with third parties to increase their ability to address customers needs. 
 Competitive bids for the work that V2X pursues are based on technical qualifications and corporate experience in performing contracts of similar size and scope and can be highly price sensitive. While not every contract is procured via selection of the lowest priced bidder, customers are sensitive to cost based on their budget allocations. Acquisition cycles are long (generally 12 to 24 months), and contracts are typically multi-year contracts that include an initial period of one-year or less with annual one-year (or less) option periods for the remaining contract period. 
 Some U.S. government customers have shown a strong preference for multiple award IDIQ contracts. These contracts offer awards to a pool of contractors, followed by competition within the pool for individual programs via task orders under each IDIQ over the period of performance. The period of performance under IDIQ contracts follows a traditional three-to-ten-year performance cycle. The governing IDIQ contracts often have multi-billion-dollar ceiling values. 
 We closely monitor costs to foster highly competitive pricing and use an in-house business development model both to manage the cost of revenue and capture opportunities for future bids. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 Seasonality 
 We do not consider any material portion of our business to be seasonal. However, various factors can affect the distribution of our revenue between accounting periods, including the timing of awards, product deliveries, customer acceptance of products and services, contract phase-in durations, contract completions, world events and the availability of customer funding. Weather and natural phenomena can also temporarily affect the performance of our services. 
 The U.S. government's fiscal year ends on September 30 of each year. U.S. government agencies may award extra tasks or complete other contract actions in the timeframe leading up to the end of its fiscal year in order to avoid the loss of unexpended fiscal year funds, which may favorably impact our third fiscal quarter. 
 Regulatory Environment 
 The U.S. government markets in which we serve are highly regulated. When working with U.S. agencies and entities, we are subject to laws and regulations relating to the creation, administration and performance of contracts. Among other things, these laws and regulations: 
 Require compliance with government standards for contract administration, accounting and management internal control systems; 
 Define allowable and unallowable costs and otherwise govern our right to reimbursement under various flexibly priced U.S. government contracts; 
 Require certification and disclosure of cost and pricing data in connection with certain contract negotiations; 
 Require us not to compete for, or to divest ourselves of, work if an organizational conflict of interest exists related to such work that cannot be appropriately mitigated; and 
 Restrict the use and dissemination of information classified for national security purposes and the exportation of certain products and technical data. 
 U.S. government contracts generally are subject to the Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR), which sets forth policies, procedures and requirements for the acquisition of goods and services by the U.S. government, agency-specific regulations that implement or supplement FAR, such as the DoD s Federal Acquisition Regulation Supplement (DFARS), and other applicable laws and regulations. These regulations impose a broad range of requirements, many of which are unique to government contracting, including various rules regarding procurement, import and export, security, contract pricing and cost, allowable costs, contract performance, contract termination and adjustment, audits, and IT system security and privacy controls. In addition, as government contractors, we are subject to routine audits and investigations by U.S. government agencies, such as the Defense Contract Audit Agency (DCAA) and the Defense Contract Management Agency (DCMA). These agencies review our performance, cost structure, incurred costs, forward pricing rates and compliance with applicable laws, regulations and standards under our contracts. The DCAA also reviews the adequacy of and our compliance with our internal control systems and policies, including our accounting, purchasing, government property, estimating, and related government business systems. 
 The U.S. government may revise its procurement practices or adopt new or revised contract rules and regulations at any time. To help ensure compliance with these complex laws and regulations, all of our employees are required to complete ethics and other compliance training relevant to their respective positions. 
 We are subject to other U.S. government laws, regulations and policies, including the International Traffic in Arms Regulations, the Export Administration Regulations, the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and the False Claims Act. When working overseas, we must comply not only with applicable U.S. laws and regulations, but also with foreign government laws, regulations and procurement policies and practices, which may differ from U.S. laws, including regulations relating to import-export control, foreign tax considerations, data privacy, foreign labor and environmental law, and anti-corruption. 
 Contracts 
 U.S. government programs generally are implemented by the award of individual contracts to a prime contractor, which may utilize one or more subcontractors. Our Company usually is a prime contractor on long-term contracts that are of a finite duration of generally between three and ten years. We were the prime contractor on contracts representing 93 , 93 and 95 of our revenue for the three years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. In other contracts, we team with the prime contractor as a subcontractor. The U.S. Congress usually appropriates funds on a fiscal year basis even though a program may extend across several fiscal years. Consequently, programs are often only partially funded initially, and additional funds are committed only as the U.S. Congress approves further appropriations. Prior to the expiration of a contract, if the customer requires further services of the type provided by the contract, it typically begins a competitive rebidding or recompete process. The contracts and subcontracts under a program generally are subject to termination for convenience or adjustment if appropriations for such programs are not available or if they change. The U.S. government is required to equitably adjust a contract for additions to or reductions in scope or other changes, including price, which it directs. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 Generally, the sales price elements for our contracts are cost-plus, cost-reimbursable, time-and-materials or firm-fixed-price. We commonly have elements of cost-plus, cost-reimbursable and firm-fixed-price contracts on a single contract. 
 On a cost-plus contract, we are paid our allowable incurred costs plus a profit, which can be fixed or variable depending on the contract s fee arrangement, up to funding levels predetermined by our customers. On cost-plus contracts, we do not bear the risks of unexpected cost overruns, provided that we do not incur costs that exceed the predetermined funded amounts. Most of our cost-plus contracts also contain a firm-fixed-price element. Cost-plus contracts with award and incentive fee provisions are our primary variable contract fee arrangement. Award fees provide for a fee based on actual performance relative to contractually specified performance criteria. Incentive fees provide for a fee based on the relationship between total allowable and target cost. 
 On most of our contracts, a cost-reimbursable element captures consumable materials required for the program. Typically, these costs do not bear fees. 
 On a time-and-materials contract, we are reimbursed for labor at fixed hourly rates and generally reimbursed separately for allowable materials, costs and expenses at cost. For this contract type, we bear the risk that our labor costs and allocable indirect expenses are greater than the fixed hourly rate defined within the contract. 
 A firm-fixed-price contract typically offers higher profit margin potential due to a greater level of risk than a cost-plus contract. On a firm-fixed-price contract, we agree to perform the contractual statement of work for a predetermined contract price. Although a firm-fixed-price contract generally permits us to retain profits if the total actual contract costs are less than the estimated contract costs, we bear the risk that increased or unexpected costs may reduce our profit or cause us to sustain losses on the contract. Although the overall scope of work required under the contract may not change, profit may be adjusted as experience is gained and as efficiencies are realized or costs are incurred. 
 The percentage of our total revenue generated from each contract type for the periods presented was as follows: 
 Year Ended December 31, Contract type 2022 2021 2020 Cost-plus and cost-reimbursable 56 71 68 Firm-fixed-price 40 25 29 Time-and-materials 4 4 3 Total revenue 100 100 100 
 Backlog 
 For a discussion of our backlog, see Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Backlog in Item 7 of Part II of this Annual Report on Form 10-K . 
 Environmental, Health and Safety 
 We are subject to federal, state, local, and foreign environmental protection laws and regulations, including those governing the management and disposal of hazardous substances, the cleanup of contaminated sites, and the maintenance of a safe and healthy workplace for our employees, contractors, and visitors. Environmental, health and safety laws and regulations are subject to change, the nature of which is inherently unpredictable, and the timing of potential changes is uncertain. Environmental, health and safety requirements affect all of our operations, and we have established a comprehensive program that is aligned with recognized standards for environmental and safety management, to address compliance with applicable environmental, health and safety laws and regulations, and the expectations of our customers. 
 Human Capital Management 
 We believe our employees are among our most important resources and are critical to our continued success. On December 31, 2022, we employed approximately 15,400 full-time employees, an increase of 7,300 employees from December 31, 2021 primarily due to the Merger. We also utilized approximately 6,500 subcontract workers, which remained substantially unchanged fr om the prior year. As of December 31, 2022, approximat ely 35 of our employees were represented by 54 collective bargaining agreements with labor unions . In the ordinary course of business, a number of collective bargaining agreements will be subject to renegotiation in a given year. We do not expect that any of the contracts subject to renegotiation in 2023 (individually or as a whole) present a significant risk to our business. We believe that relations with our employees and union representatives are positive. 
 We continue making significant investments in attracting and retaining talented and experienced individuals to manage and support our operations, and our management team routinely reviews employee turnover rates at various levels of the organization to help understand and resolve barriers to retention. 
 V2X routinely conducts annual employee engagement surveys. The results of those surveys are anonymized and shared with V2X employees and with management. Additionally, the results of the surveys are scored to form a benchmark 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 against which the results of future surveys will be evaluated. In 2022, V2X engaged our larger, and recently merged, global workforce through structured surveys using a third-party platform to better understand concerns and expectations regarding Ethics, and Diversity, Equity Inclusion (DE I). Responses to the 2022 employee engagement surveys indicated that V2X employees generally find the company culture to be inclusive, a great place to work, and that managers behaviors were consistent with the V2X Code of Conduct. 
 Employment Benefits 
 We pay our employees competitively and offer a broad range of company-paid benefits, which we believe are competitive with others in our industry. Our employment benefits program includes a comprehensive benefits package, such as: 
 flexible work options; 
 education benefits, including tuition reimbursement program to select employees; 
 wellness program; 
 paid parental leave program; 
 employee assistance program; and 
 retirement savings plan. 
 Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion 
 V2X s DE I philosophy calls for the intentional recruitment, retention, and growth of a diverse workforce, which includes employees, contractors, and Other Country National (OCN) staffing. In 2022, V2X renewed its certification to the International Stability Operations Association s Women, Peace and Security Program for fiscal years 2023 through 2024. The DE I Executive Council hosted over 150 V2X women leaders in the Middle East and Europe for a one-day professional and personal development networking event. The event highlights also included stories of women leaders who contribute every day to the success of V2X. 
 Our DE I Executive Council, composed of the Company s Chief Executive Officer and other senior leaders that sponsor our Employee Resource Groups (ERGs), oversee our DE I strategy and philosophy against our business practices. Our five ERGs are: Allies of Pride, Diverse Abilities, People of Color, Women at V2X and V2X Veterans. 
 In 2022, our five ERGs developed goals in three focus areas to foster awareness, respect, and inclusion: 
 Business development and outreach; 
 Employee engagement and retention and professional development; and 
 Recruitment. 
 Annually, ERGs evaluate their performance against these goals and report them to the DE I Executive Council, which in turn reports at least annually to our Board of Directors. 
 We are a leading employer of veterans and veteran spouses with more than 42 of our U.S employees voluntarily reporting a military background, and we have been recognized numerous times in recent years by veteran-focused organizations as a military-friendly employer, including recently by the National Organization on Disability as a Leading Disability Employer, by the Military Friendly Company as a Top 10 Diversity Supplier and as a Top 10 Military Spouse Employer, and by the Military Times as a Best for Vets Employer. 
 In 2022, the Company published its inaugural DE I Annual Report. The report shares the Company s diversity strategies, practices, policies and programs from across the business and includes our U.S. employee demographics for 2021. 
 Learning and Development 
 We provide learning and development opportunities to our employees to support a successful career at V2X. Our on-line V2X University gives employees access to more than 2,000 virtual courses that address such topics as leadership/management and information technology skills, along with the standard required compliance courses required for a defense contractor company. We are committed to identifying and developing the talents of our next generation of leaders by providing knowledge to help early-in-career employees develop the skills needed to advance within the organization. We also provide training programs to keep our supervisors current on best practices and ensure they focus on the success of their people. Also, we offer additional development opportunities to select employees to attend training and mentoring sessions. 
 Developing talent and ensuring a pipeline to leadership is a priority for the Company. To that end, the Company has a robust talent and succession planning process and has established a specialized program to support the development of our talent pipeline for critical roles. We conduct periodic reviews of succession plans and the individual development plans of our emerging talent. These sessions focus on high potential talent, diverse talent, and the succession for our most critical roles, 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 and are led by our Vice President and Chief Growth Client Service Officer, Chief Human Resource Officer, and Senior Vice Presidents. 
 We periodically hold senior leadership development events to continually develop leadership and management skills. In November 2022, we held our Leading into 2023 conference to bring together our leaders from both legacy companies to collaborate on the future of V2X. 
 Health and Safety 
 Our health and safety management system aligns with the ISO 45001 standard and includes the following elements: 
 Setting annual program-level goals and objectives; 
 Monitoring relevant legal and customer-specific requirements; 
 Providing training to employees and contractors on health and safety provisions; 
 Assessing environmental, health, and safety risks company-wide; 
 Engaging with the workforce to identify health and safety risks and opportunities; and 
 Conducting internal audits to evaluate compliance with the employee health and safety (EHS) Plan, legal and other requirements, and best practices. 
 We track workforce safety metrics including Total Recordable Incident Rate, Days Away Restricted or Transferred Rate as well as Near Miss Frequency Rate. We initiated annual reporting of these metrics in 2021. Our robust EHS program promotes a safe and healthy workplace for all employees and subcontractors. 
 In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, we implemented public health and safety protocols in compliance with government agencies, health authorities and customer requirements. We continued to educate and keep the workforce informed on how to deploy the infectious disease response plan at the local level. In the third quarter of 2022, we conducted a review of our pandemic response actions, and lessons learned during the first two years of the COVID-19 pandemic and changes in workplace standards and regulations and are working toward updating our Infectious Disease Preparedness and Response Action processes. 
 Ethics and Compliance 
 All employees must adhere to the V2X Code of Conduct (COC) that sets standards for appropriate behavior and includes required annual training on preventing, identifying, reporting and stopping any type of unlawful discrimination, unethical behaviors, and unacceptable conduct. The V2X Code of Conduct, and the standards of business conduct and ethics incorporated in the Code, apply to all employees, officers, and directors of V2X. V2X requires each employee to complete Code of Conduct training annually. Our COC was updated in 2022 for the combined entity post-Merger. We also sponsored our first Annual Corporate Compliance Ethics Week Program in 2022, which was open to all V2X employees, and was designed to shine a spotlight on Corporate Ethics by highlighting our Core Values, educating employees on our Speak Up culture and providing best practices resources for leaders in addressing employees concerns. 
 Combating Trafficking in Persons (CTIP) and OCN Compliance 
 V2X recognizes the risks of child labor, human trafficking and modern slavery associated with its global contracting activities and is committed to complying with internationally recognized human rights provisions and prohibitions against human trafficking and modern slavery established under the FAR CTIP and the laws and regulations of the countries in which it conducts business. This commitment is codified in our COC and our Supplier Code of Conduct. 
 V2X monitors its subcontractors to verify that they are maintaining compliance with CTIP and other provisions in their contracts. Additionally, V2X maintains an active CTIP Awareness campaign at each program location, to reinforce our protection of human rights and to empower all employees to confidently report suspected violations without fear of retaliation. V2X quickly investigates reported or suspected CTIP violations, which if verified, are reported immediately to our Senior Vice President, General Counsel, Chief Legal Officer and Secretary and the appropriate United States Government (USG) and program authorities. 
 V2X requires that corrective actions (CA) be put in place by subcontractors or employees for confirmed CTIP violations. If CTIP violations warrant, a subcontractor or employee unable to promptly execute or comply with approved CAs will be removed from the contract. V2X conducts regularly scheduled audits and inspections of employee housing and transportation, interviews employees hired through our subcontractors, and reviews employment contracts and related documentation to further validate our subcontractors' compliance with FAR 52.222-50 and both country of origin and host nation labor laws. 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 Information about our Executive Officers 
 The following table sets forth certain information as of January 31, 2023 regarding our executive officers, including a five-year employment history and any directorships held in public companies. 
 Name Age Current Title(s) Business Experience Charles L. Prow 63 President and Chief Executive Officer (CEO), Director Mr. Prow has served as President, CEO and director of the Company since December 2016. Mr. Prow has over thirty years of information technology and federal services experience, including leadership positions at IBM Corporation, PricewaterhouseCoopers, and Coopers Lybrand. During his career, he has run large global government services organizations, delivering solutions to a wide array of DoD and other government customers. Mr. Prow's roles at IBM Corporation include: (i) from 2014 to 2015 as General Manager, Global Government Industry in connection with IBM s technology and services competencies, where he had responsibility for global revenues exceeding 9 billion, (ii) from 2012 to 2013 as General Manager, Global Business Services, with strategic, profit and loss and operational responsibility for IBM s more than 4 billion North America consulting services unit, and (iii) from 2007 to 2012 as General Manager, Global Business Services, with strategic, profit and loss and operational responsibility for IBM s more than 2.4 billion U.S. Public Sector business unit. He currently serves on the board of directors for the Professional Services Council, Christian Brothers High School - St. Louis Missouri, and International Research and Exchange Board. Susan D. Lynch 61 Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (CFO) Ms. Lynch has served as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer since August 2019. From April 2016 until August 2019, Ms. Lynch served as Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President of Sungard Availability Services Capital Inc., a 1.1 billion private equity backed, global enterprise providing cloud, disaster recovery, managed private and shared hosting and colocation IT services. From 2007 to 2015, Ms. Lynch served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Hitachi Vantara (formerly known as Hitachi Data Systems), a more than 4 billion division of Hitachi, Ltd. and provider of global data storage infrastructure solutions, software, and professional services. From 2005 to 2007, Ms. Lynch was VP CFO for Raytheon Technical Services Company, a 2 billion segment of Raytheon Company. From 1984 to 2005, Ms. Lynch held various financial leadership positions with Honeywell International, Inc. Her last position with Honeywell was Assistant Corporate Controller. Ms. Lynch left Honeywell International temporarily and was CFO of Geonex Corporation from 1993 to 1994. Susan is a Certified Public Accountant. In November 2021, Ms. Lynch was elected to the Board of Directors of Allegro Microsystems (NASDAQ: ALGM) and currently serves on the Audit committee. 
 
 William W. Beard 63 Senior Vice President, Aerospace Solutions Mr. Beard has served as Senior Vice President, Aerospace Solutions since January 2023. From 2020 to January 2023, Mr. Beard served as the operations and strategy executive responsible for growth, strategy and operational efficiency at Vertex. Previously, he served as the lead consultant and proprietor from 2016 to 2019 for Allegiant Professional Services, providing operations, strategy, and new business development services to aerospace and defense clients. From 2013 to 2016, he served as Vice President and General Manager of GKN Aerospace, where he oversaw factories manufacturing flight critical components and assemblies for The Boeing Company, Honda Aircraft Company, and Honeywell Aerospace. Prior to joining GKN Aerospace, he led operations for DRS Technologies C3 and Aviation Group for four years. Before that, Mr. Beard served as Vice President of Operations at L-3 Vertex Aerospace. Before joining L-3 Vertex Aerospace, he held multiple positions at L-3 Communications Integrated Systems, including Senior Director for Federal Programs. Mr. Beard s early career includes 20 years in active duty with the United States Navy, holding roles in a variety of intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance and special mission aircraft organizations. Mr. Beard earned Air Medals for missions flown during Operation Desert Storm in Kuwait, and in Bosnia during the Balkans conflict. Mr. Beard received a bachelor s degree from New Hampshire College and an MBA from Baylor University. He is also a graduate of an Executive Leadership Program taught at the Imperial College of London Center for Creative Leadership. 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 Kevin T. Boyle 53 Senior Vice President, Chief Legal Officer, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary Mr. Boyle has served as Senior Vice President, Chief Legal Officer, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary since October 2018. Prior to joining V2X, he served as senior vice president, general counsel and secretary of Vencore Holding Corp, a provider of information solutions, cyber security, engineering and analytics for the U.S. government and intelligence community, from March 2017 until June 2018. He led Vencore through a strategic transaction process, resulting in the merger of Vencore with two other companies to create Perspecta, Inc. Mr. Boyle was senior vice president, general counsel and secretary from January 2014 until January 2016 with Alion Science and Technology Corporation, a global engineering and technology solutions company providing services to federal and international customers. Earlier in his career, he held senior executive positions with public and private technology services and product companies, including MCR, LLC, Vangent, Inc., General Dynamics Information Technology, Anteon International Corporation and InterWorld Corporation. Mr. Boyle currently serves on the Board of the Wolf Trap Foundation. Susan L. Deagle 54 Senior Vice President and Chief Growth Client Service Officer Ms. Deagle has served as Senior Vice President and Chief Growth Client Service Officer since January 2023. From May 2017 to January 2023, Ms. Deagle served as Senior Vice President and Chief Growth Officer. She is responsible for the Company's top and bottom line organic and inorganic growth. From 2015 to 2017, Ms. Deagle served as Vice President and Integration Executive for an acquisition aligned with the inception of IBM Corporation's Watson Health business unit. From 2013 to 2015, Ms. Deagle served as Vice President for sales and distribution strategy for IBM's U.S. Federal and Government Industries, where she drove cross-brand and cross-sell opportunities to increase market penetration, expanding IBM's base business. From 2011 to 2012, Ms. Deagle served as Director of Sales and Distribution Strategy and Planning for IBM's global public sector. While at IBM, she also created and ran the federal government wide Acquisition Contract Center. 
 Corinne L. Minton-Package 50 Senior Vice President, Advance Technology 
 Ms. Minton-Package has served as Senior Vice President, Advanced Technology since January 2023. From January 2021 through January 2023, Ms. Minton-Package was the Senior Vice President of Systems and Technology. From October 2020 to January 2021, Ms. Minton-Package was Senior Vice President, Operational Technology and Enterprise. She is responsible for leading the technology business unit at V2X, growing around applications, network and cyber for military customers. This portfolio is also responsible for building repeatable sensor driven solutions, including tolling, screening, identity management and security. From 2018 to 2020, Ms. Minton-Package was Vice President of Operational Technology, and was responsible for program execution and growth of the portfolio of engineering, perimeter security and intrusion detection, and the internet of things sensor capabilities as in addition to solution and alliances. From 2017 to 2018, she held the role of Vice President of Solutions and Alliances, and was responsible for creating partnership that would support our strategy for converged infrastructure. Prior to joining V2X, for more than 20 years Ms. Minton-Package held various positions at IBM Global Business Services, and most recently, from 2014 to 2017, as a partner in the commercial healthcare practice. 
 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 Kenneth W. Shreves 60 Senior Vice President, Global Mission Training Sustainment 
 Mr. Shreves has served as the Senior Vice President, Global Mission Training Sustainment since July 2022. In this role, Mr. Shreves is responsible for base operations, logistics, high consequence training and the national security program businesses. From November 2021 to July 2022, he was Senior Vice President, Organic Growth, Operational Enablement and Supply Chain. Prior to this role, Mr. Shreves was Vice President of Business Development/Capture, where he worked to build and execute the Company's organic growth strategy. He joined V2X in October 2017 from SOSi, where he was Vice President of Business Development. Prior to SOSi, he was at DynCorp International where he held multiple leadership positions in the fields of national security and business development. Prior to his commercial career, Ken served in the United States Army as a Logistics Officer, retiring after twenty-eight years, having commanded at every level through Brigade Command and culminating as the Army Chair at the National War College in Washington DC. Mr. Shreves earned a B.S. in Business Administration Finance from the University of Florida, an M.S. in Administration from Central Michigan University and an M.S. in National Security Studies from the National War College, Fort McNair, Washington DC. 
 Michael J. Smith 42 Vice President of Treasury, Corporate Development, and Investor Relations Mr. Smith has served as the Company s Vice President of Treasury, Corporate Development, and Investor Relations since 2014. Prior to joining V2X in 2014, he was co-founder and managing director of The Silverline Group, a strategic consulting and advisory services firm that focuses on the aerospace and defense, intelligence, government services, homeland security, and federal civilian markets from 2012 to 2014. While at Silverline, Mr. Smith was responsible for providing advice and counsel on mergers and acquisitions and for generating market studies, assessments, company positioning, valuation studies, and competitive intelligence for clients. Additionally, he helped clients formulate and execute investment decisions, including stock purchases, acquisitions, and divestitures. Prior to co-founding The Silverline Group, Mr. Smith was a senior equity research associate at Lazard Capital Markets, covering the aerospace and defense, federal government information technology services, and defense technology sectors. He also spent five years with BB T Capital Markets covering defense and government services and seven years with Raymond James Associates in various capacities, including senior equity research liaison. Mr. Smith is a CFA charterholder and earned a bachelor s degree with a major in finance and a minor in economics from the University of South Florida. Richard Mendoza 58 Senior Vice President and Chief People Officer Mr. Mendoza has served as Senior Vice President and Chief People Officer since July 2022. From 2016 to July 2022, Mr. Mendoza served in multiple roles at Vertex, including as the Senior People Leader since 2017, responsible for the tactical execution and strategic direction of all aspects of Human Resources, Security, Communications, Payroll, Labor Relations, and Learning Development. From 2016 to 2017, Mr. Mendoza was the Director of Human Resources at Vertex, where he oversaw People Operations, comprised of the HR Business Partner, Employee Relations, Talent Management, and Compliance functions. Prior to joining Vertex in 2016, Mr. Mendoza held multiple positions at L3 Technologies Platform Integration, a division of 1,700 employees with expertise in aircraft design, system integration, flight sciences engineering, and major structural modification. He joined L3 Technologies Platform Integration in 2004 as the Talent Acquisition Lead and HR Business Partner and later became the Senior Manager of Human Resources. Before that, he served in the United States Air Force from 1982 to 2003, including in leadership roles in Forward Air Control radar operations and the Air Force Recruiting Service. He holds a Senior Professional Human Resources (SPHR) certification from the Human Resources Certification Institute. 
 14 

Table of Contents 

Available Information 
 Our principal executive offices are located at 7901 Jones Branch Drive, McLean, Virginia, 22102. Our telephone number i s (571) 481-2000 and our website add ress is www.goV2X.com. Our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and any amendments to these reports are available on our website as soon as reasonably practicable after electronically filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). Throughout this Form 10-K, we incorporate by reference information from parts of other documents filed with the SEC. The information provided on our website is not part of this report, and is therefore not incorporated by reference, unless such information is otherwise specifically referenced elsewhere in this report. Our reports filed with the SEC also may be found on the SEC's website at www.sec.gov. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 In evaluating our Company and business, you should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below, together with information disclosed elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including our consolidated financial statements and the related notes and "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" in Part II of this Annual Report, and other documents we file with the SEC. The risks described below relate to our business, governmental regulations, indebtedness, financial condition and markets, and our securities. Also, t he risks and uncertainties described below are those that we have identified as material but are not the only risks and uncertainties we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently believe are immaterial also may materially harm our business, financial condition or operating results and result in a decline in our stock price. 
 Summary of Risk Factors 
 Risks Related to Our Business 
 Our profitability or performance could suffer if we are unable to recruit and retain qualified personnel or if we are unable to maintain adequate staffing levels for our contracts. 
 A significant portion of our workforce is represented by labor unions, and our business could be harmed in the event of a prolonged work stoppage. 
 Competition within our markets may reduce our revenue and market share. 
 We may not be successful in winning new contracts or recompeting our existing contracts, which could have an adverse impact on our business and prospects. 
 Our earnings and margins may vary based on the mix of our contracts, our performance, and our ability to control costs. 
 While firm-fixed-price contracts allow us to benefit from cost savings, these contracts also increase our exposure to the risk of cost overruns. 
 A significant portion of our revenue is derived from a few large contracts, and the loss or material reduction of any of these contracts could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and cash flows. 
 Termination, expiration or non-renewal of our existing U.S. government contracts may adversely affect our business. 
 Uncertainties in the U.S. government defense budget, changes in spending or budgetary priorities or delays in contract awards may significantly and adversely affect our future revenue and limit our growth prospects. 
 Business disruptions caused by natural disasters, pandemics, global hostilities and other crises could adversely affect our profitability and our overall financial position. 
 Our contract sites are inherently dangerous workplaces. Failure to maintain safe work sites and equipment or effectively respond to the impacts of COVID-19 to our workplaces could result in environmental disasters, employee deaths or injuries, reduced profitability, the loss of projects or customers and possible exposure to litigation. 
 We work in international locations where there are high security risks, which could result in harm to our employees and contractors and the incurrence of substantial costs. 
 We are subject to legal and regulatory compliance risks associated with operating internationally. 
 We conduct a portion of our operations through joint ventures, exposing us to certain risks and uncertainties, many of which are outside of our control. 
 Our business could be adversely affected by bid protests. 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 We are dependent on the U.S. government and, if our reputation or relationship with the U.S. government was harmed, our revenue and growth prospects could be adversely affected. 
 Misconduct of our employees, subcontractors, agents, prime contractors or business partners could cause us to lose customers and could have a material adverse impact on our business and reputation, adversely affecting our ability to obtain new contracts. 
 Our earnings and margins depend, in part, on subcontractor performance. 
 We rely on internal and external information technology systems to conduct our business, and disruption or failure of these systems could adversely affect our business and results of operations. 
 We rely on our information and communications systems in our operations. Security breaches and other disruptions could adversely affect our business and results of operations. 
 We are subject to certain data privacy regulations, which expose us to certain risks if we do not comply with these requirements. 
 We may not realize the anticipated benefits and cost savings of the Merger and integrating the two companies may be more difficult, costly or time-consuming than expected. 
 We may pursue acquisitions and other investments that involve numerous risks and uncertainties. 
 We use estimates in accounting for many of our programs, and changes in our estimates could adversely affect our future financial results. 
 We may be required to contribute additional funds to meet any present or future underfunded benefit obligations associated with multiemployer pension plans in which we participate. 
 Our insurance may be insufficient to protect us from claims or losses. 
 There is a rapidly evolving awareness and focus from stakeholders with respect to environmental, social and governance practices, which could affect our business. 
 Risks Related to Governmental Regulations and Laws 
 Environmental, health and safety issues could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position or results of operations. 
 As a U.S. government contractor, we are subject to a number of procurement laws and regulations and could be adversely affected by changes in regulations or our failure to comply with these regulations. 
 Our business is subject to audits, reviews, cost adjustments, and investigations by the U.S. government, which, if resolved unfavorably to us, could adversely affect our profitability, cash position or growth prospects. 
 The DoD continues to modify its business practices, which could have a material effect on its overall procurement processes and adversely impact our current programs and potential new awards. 
 Our business depends upon obtaining and maintaining required facility security clearance and individual security clearances. 
 Our business may be negatively impacted if we are unable to adequately protect our intellectual property rights. 
 Risks Related to Our Indebtedness, Financial Condition and Markets 
 In connection with the Merger, we assumed significantly more indebtedness than V2X's prior indebtedness. Our level of indebtedness and our ability to make payments on or service our indebtedness could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flow and liquidity. 
 Our variable rate indebtedness may expose us to interest rate risks, which could cause our debt costs to increase significantly. 
 Our debt agreements contain covenants with which we must comply or risk default, or that impose restrictions on us and certain of our subsidiaries that may affect our ability to operate our businesses. 
 The effects of changes in worldwide economic and capital markets conditions may significantly affect our ability to maintain liquidity or procure capital. 
 We may not realize as revenue the full amounts reflected in our backlog, which could adversely affect our future revenue and growth. 
 Goodwill represents a significant portion of our assets and any impairment of these assets could negatively impact our results of operations. 
 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 Risks Related to Our Securities 
 We meet the requirements to be a controlled company within the meaning of the rules of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) and, as a result, qualify for, and intend to rely on, exemptions from certain corporate governance standards, which limit the presence of independent directors on its Board of Directors or Board committees. 
 If our significant shareholders who received shares of our common stock in the Merger sell their shares of our common stock after such shares are no longer subject to resale restrictions, our common stock price could be materially affected. 
 Anti-takeover provisions in our organizational documents and Indiana law could delay or prevent a change in control. 
 RISKS RELATED TO OUR BUSINESS 
 Our profitability or performance could suffer if we are unable to recruit and retain qualified personnel or if we are unable to maintain adequate staffing levels for our contracts. 
 Due to the specialized nature of our business, our future performance and rate of growth is highly dependent upon the continued services of our personnel and executive officers, the development of additional management personnel and the hiring of new qualified technical, marketing, sales, and management personnel for our operations. Recruitment of qualified personnel is highly competitive, and we may not be successful in attracting or retaining qualified personnel. In recent years, the industry-wide market for qualified employees became even more competitive than in previous years. We also must manage leadership development and succession planning throughout our business. The loss of key employees, coupled with an inability to attract new , qualified employees or adequately train employees, or the delay in hiring key personnel could significantly impact our ability to perform under our contracts and could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 In addition, our profitability is affected by how efficiently we utilize our workforce, including our ability to transition employees from completed contracts to new assignments; to hire and assimilate new employees; to hire personnel in or timely deploy expatriates to foreign countries; to manage attrition and a subcontractor workforce; and to devote time and resources to training, business development, professional development and other non-chargeable activities. Further, continued visa and other travel restrictions related to the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic may also impact our ability to properly perform on our contracts. See the risk factor below, We face various risks related to health epidemics, pandemics and similar outbreaks, particularly COVID-19, which may have material adverse effects on our business, financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows. 
 A significant portion of our workforce is represented by labor unions, and our business could be harmed in the event of a prolonged work stoppage. 
 On December 31, 2022, approximately 5,400 of our employees, or approximately 35 of our employee base were unionized. We have 54 collective bargaining agreements with labo r unions. We cannot predict how stable our union relationships will be or whether we will be able to successfully negotiate successor agreements without impacting our financial condition. In addition, the presence of unions may limit our flexibility in managing our workforce. Work stoppages by our union employees or implementation of a work stoppage contingency plan could negatively impact our ability to provide services to our customers on a timely basis, which could in turn negatively impact our results of operations and financial condition. 
 Competition within our markets may reduce our revenue and market share. 
 Our business is highly competitive, and we compete with larger companies that have greater name recognition, greater financial resources, and larger technical staff, as well as companies with a competitive advantage due to a small business designation. Within our industry, companies have engaged in mergers and acquisitions to increase their competitive position. Our competitors may provide our customers with different or greater capabilities or better contract terms than we can provide, including past contract experience, geographic presence, price, and the availability of qualified professional personnel. In addition, our competitors may consolidate or establish teaming or other relationships among themselves or with third parties to increase their ability to address customers needs. 
 Even if we are qualified to work on a government contract, we may not be awarded the contract because of existing government policies designed to assist small businesses and other designated classifications of business, such as under-represented minority contractors. Accordingly, larger or new competitors, alliances among competitors, or competitors designated as small business contractors may emerge that may adversely affect our ability to compete. If we are unable to compete successfully against our current or future competitors, we may experience declines in revenue and market share, which could negatively impact our financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 We may not be successful in winning new contracts or recompeting our existing contracts, which could have an adverse impact on our business and prospects. 
 We derive a substantial majority of our revenue from our contracts with the federal government, which are typically awarded through a rigorous competitive bidding process. This competitive bidding process presents a number of risks, including the following: 
 We may bid on programs for which the work activities, deliverables, and timelines are vague or for which the solicitation incompletely describes the actual work, which may result in inaccurate pricing assumptions; 
 We may incur substantial costs and spend a significant amount of managerial time and effort preparing bids and proposals; and 
 We may realize the lost opportunity cost of not bidding on and winning other contracts that we may have pursued otherwise. 
 If we are unable to win a particular new contract, we may be prevented from providing the customer the services that are purchased under that contract for a number of years. 
 In addition, we face rigorous competition and pricing pressures for any additional contract awards from the U.S. government. Some of our existing contracts must be recompeted when their original period of performance ends. Recompetes represent opportunities for competitors to take market share away from us. Recompetes also represent opportunities for our customers to obtain more favorable terms and discounts from us. We may be required to qualify or continue to qualify under multiple award task orders, and it may be more difficult for us to win future task orders. If we are unable to consistently win new contract awards, or successfully recompete our existing contracts, our business and prospects will be adversely affected, and our actual results may differ materially and adversely from those anticipated. 
 Our earnings and margins may vary based on the mix of our contracts, our performance, and our ability to control costs. 
 We generate revenue under various types of contracts, which include cost-plus, cost-reimbursable (including non-fee-bearing costs) and firm-fixed-price. Our earnings and profitability may vary materially depending on changes in the proportionate amount of revenue derived from each type of contract, the nature of services provided, as well as the achievement of performance objectives and the stage of performance at which the right to receive fees, particularly under incentive and award fee contracts, is finally determined. Cost-reimbursable contracts generally have lower profitability than firm-fixed-price contracts. Our profitability is adversely affected when we incur contract costs that we cannot bill to our customers. Profitability also may be adversely affected during the start of a new contract due to initial spending necessary to successfully complete phase-in requirements. For example, as we continue the phase-in process for LOGCAP V, we are required to outlay certain amounts of capital to perform under the contract, which amounts we may or may not recoup from the U.S. government. To varying degrees, each of our contract types involves risk that we could underestimate the costs and resources necessary to fulfill the contract. 
 In addition, our failure to satisfy customer expectations or contract requirements may result in reduced fees or claims made against us by our customers and may affect our financial performance. Under each type of contract, if we are unable to control costs, our operating results could be adversely affected, particularly if we are unable to justify an increase in contract value to our customers. Cost overruns or the failure to perform on existing programs also may adversely affect our ability to retain existing programs and win future contract awards. 
 While firm-fixed-price contracts allow us to benefit from cost savings, these contracts also increase our exposure to the risk of cost overruns . 
 Because many fixed-price contracts are long-term and may also involve new technologies, unforeseen events, such as technological difficulties, cost fluctuations, significant inflation, problems with suppliers, and cost overruns can result in the contractual price becoming less favorable or even unprofitable to us. Revenue derived from firm-fixed-price contracts represented approximately 40 of our total revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022. When making proposals on firm-fixed-price contracts, we rely heavily on our estimates of costs and timing for completing the associated projects, as well as assumptions regarding technical issues. In each case, our failure to accurately estimate costs or the resources needed to perform our contracts or to effectively manage and control our costs could result in reduced profits or losses. If we incur costs in excess of initial estimates or funding on a contract, we generally seek reimbursement for those costs through requests for equitable adjustments (REAs) or claims to the Contracting Officer, the denial of which may be appealed to the Armed Services Board of Contracting Appeals, and make assumptions on what we expect to recover in our financial statements, but we may not be able to negotiate full recovery for these costs. In addition, pursuit of these REAs and claims can require significant time and additional costs, including legal fees and expenses, and there is no guarantee that such actions would ultimately be successful. 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 Given the current pace of inflation and other geopolitical factors, we are monitoring the impact of rising costs on our active and future government contracts. To date, we have not experienced broad-based increases due to inflation in the costs of our fixed-price contracts that are material to the business as a whole; however, if we begin to experience greater than expected inflation in our supply chain and labor costs, our profit margins, and in particular, our profit margin from fixed-price contracts, which represent a substantial portion of our contracts, could be adversely affected. 
 A significant portion of our revenue is derived from a few large contracts, and the loss or material reduction of any of these contracts could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and cash flows. 
 Aggregate revenue from our four largest contracts amounted to approximately 0.9 billion, or 31.0 of our revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, our four largest contracts were the Kuwait and Iraq Task Orders under the LOGCAP V contract vehicle, the Kuwait Base Operations and Security Support Services in Kuwait (K-BOSSS) contract, and the OMDAC-SWACA contract. The Kuwait Task Order was previously part of the U.S. Army's K-BOSSS contract, which was exercised through August 28, 2023, and is being transitioned under LOGCAP V and retained by us. Performance on the Kuwait Task Order began in July 2021, and performance on the Iraq Task Order began in June 2021. The awards are approximately 1,078.6 million and 992.8 million, respectively, with estimated period of performance completion in December 2026. The OMDAC-SWACA contract was re-awarded on December 29, 2020, and performance on the contract began on July 16, 2021. The new award is an approximately 673.1 million cost-plus-fixed-fee contract with an estimated period of performance completion in April 2026. 
 The Kuwait and Iraq Task orders under LOGCAP V each accounted for more than 10 of our revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022, and we expect these contracts will continue to have a significant contribution to our revenue. The loss or material reduction of any of these contracts could have a material adverse effect on our revenue, results of operations and cash flows. See "Significant Contracts" in Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Termination, expiration or non-renewal of our existing U.S. government contracts may adversely affect our business. 
 The U.S. government services marketplace is characterized by contracts of shorter duration as compared to large production and systems integration programs. U.S. government services contracts generally are of a finite duration of five years and usually range between three and ten years. The termination, expiration or non-renewal of our existing U.S. government contracts could result in a loss of anticipated future revenue attributable to that program, which could have an adverse impact on our operations. 
 The U.S. government may terminate any of our government contracts, in whole or in part, at any time at its convenience with little or no notice. The U.S. government may also terminate our contracts for default if we fail to meet our obligations under a contract. If any of our contracts were terminated for convenience, we generally would be entitled to receive payment for work completed and allowable termination or cancellation costs. If any of our government contracts were terminated for default, generally the customer would pay us only for the work that has been accepted. Moreover, the customer can require us to pay the difference between the original contract price and the cost to re-procure the contract deliverables, net of the work accepted from the original contract. In addition, the U.S. government can also hold us liable for damages resulting from the default. 
 The expiration, non-renewal or termination of any government contracts, whether for convenience or default, would adversely affect our current programs and reduce our revenue, earnings and cash flows. A termination for default may also negatively affect our reputation, performance ratings and our ability to win new government contracts, particularly for contracts covering the same or similar types of services. 
 Uncertainties in the U.S. government defense budget, changes in spending or budgetary priorities or delays in contract awards may significantly and adversely affect our future revenue and limit our growth prospects. 
 Our contracts and revenue primarily depend upon the U.S. DoD budget, which is subject to the congressional budget authorization and appropriations process and is difficult to predict. The U.S. Congress usually appropriates funds for a given program on a September 30 fiscal year basis, even though contract periods of performance may extend over many years. Consequently, at the beginning of a major program, the contract is usually partially funded, and additional monies are committed to the contract by the procuring agency only as appropriations are made by Congress in future fiscal years. DoD budgets are a function of a number of factors beyond our control, including, but not limited to, changes in U.S. procurement policies, budget considerations, the federal debt ceiling, current and future economic conditions, presidential administration and congressional priorities, government shutdowns, continuing resolutions, changing national security and defense requirements, geopolitical developments and actual fiscal year congressional appropriations for defense budgets. Any of these factors could result in a significant redirection of current and future DoD budgets and impact our future operations and cash flows. Such factors may have direct bearing on our new business opportunities as well as on whether the U.S. government will exercise its options for services under existing contracts, thus affecting the timing and volume of our business. 
 The U.S. government also conducts periodic reviews of U.S. defense strategies and priorities, which may shift DoD budgetary priorities, reduce DoD spending or delay contract or task order awards for defense related programs. A reduction in 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 U.S. government defense spending, changing defense spending priorities or delays in contract or task order awards could potentially reduce our future revenue, earnings and cash flow and have a material impact on our business. 
 Business disruptions caused by natural disasters, pandemics, global hostilities and other crises could adversely affect our profitability and our overall financial position. 
 We have operations located in regions of the U.S. and internationally that may be exposed to natural disasters, such as hurricanes, tornadoes, blizzards, flooding, wildfires or earthquakes. Our business could also be disrupted by pandemics, including as a result of COVID-19, and other national or international crises, such as the war in Ukraine. Although preventative measures may help mitigate the damage from such occurrences, impacts on our supply chain and the damage and disruption to our business resulting from any of these events may be significant. If our insurance and other risk mitigation mechanisms are not sufficient to recover all costs, including loss of revenue from sales to customers, we could experience a material adverse effect on our financial position and results of operations. 
 There is also an increasing concern over the risks of climate change and related environmental sustainability matters. In addition to physical risks, climate change risk includes longer-term shifts in climate patterns, such as extreme heat, sea level rise, and more frequent and prolonged drought. Such events could disrupt our operations or those of our customers or third parties on which we rely, including through direct damage to assets and indirect impacts from supply chain disruption and market volatility. 
 We face various risks related to health epidemics, pandemics and similar outbreaks, particularly COVID-19, which may have material adverse effects on our business, financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows. 
 COVID-19 or other pandemics have in the past and may in the future negatively affect the U.S. and global economy, disrupt global supply chains, result in significant travel and transport restrictions, and create significant disruption in the global financial markets. To date, COVID-19 has not had a material adverse impact on our operating results and our business. However, the extent of the continued impact of COVID-19 pandemic on our operational and financial performance, including our ability to execute our programs in the expected timeframe, will depend on future developments, including any potential subsequent waves or variants of COVID-19. The ultimate impact on financial markets and the global economy, new government regulations for defense contractors and other related actions taken by the U.S. government, state and local government officials, and international governments to prevent disease spread remain uncertain and cannot be predicted. 
 It is also possible that the continued spread of COVID-19 could continue to delay or limit the ability of the U.S. government and other customers to perform on its contractual obligations, including making timely payments to us. Essentially all of our revenue is derived from services ultimately sold to the U.S. government, and we cannot predict the effect COVID-19 or other pandemics may have on our customers spending and mission priorities. COVID-19 or other pandemics could delay the announcement of new contract awards and/or the timing of start-up or transition of our major contracts. Any prolonged interruptions in payment or transition activities on our large contracts may disrupt our cash flows, and these uncertainties could adversely affect both our operations and financial position. 
 The spread of COVID-19 has caused us to significantly modify our business practices (including limiting employee and contractor presence at our work locations), and we may take further actions as may be required by government authorities or our customers or that we determine are in the best interests of our employees, contractors, customers, suppliers, and communities. There is no certainty that such measures will be sufficient to mitigate the risks posed by the virus, and our ability to perform critical functions could be adversely impacted. Further, the impact of COVID-19 in affected regions where we operate could affect our ability to operate effectively. Additionally, the effects on our long-term operations as a result of a significant portion of our workforce continuing to work in a hybrid or remote capacity for a prolonged period are unknown. Further, prolonged telework by a large portion of our workforce presents potential cybersecurity and data security risks, which in the event of a cybersecurity incident, could have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Due to the many uncertainties and the rapidly changing business environment, the impacts from the COVID-19 pandemic may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows in the future. The ongoing pandemic may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks identified in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Our contract sites are inherently dangerous workplaces. Failure to maintain safe work sites and equipment or effectively respond to the impacts of COVID-19 to our workplaces could result in environmental disasters, employee deaths or injuries, reduced profitability, the loss of projects or customers and possible exposure to litigation. 
 Our project sites often put our employees and others in close proximity with mechanized equipment, moving vehicles, and highly regulated materials. Additionally, the COVID-19 pandemic has introduced additional risks to our worksites, which require additional policies and procedures. Although we have safety procedures in place, if we fail to implement them, or if the procedures we implement are ineffective or insufficient, we may suffer the loss of or injury to our employees, as well as expose ourselves to possible litigation. As a result, our failure to maintain adequate safety standards and equipment, as well as the nature of the environment in which we conduct business, could result in environmental disasters, employee deaths or 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 injuries, reduced profitability, or the loss of projects or customers, any of which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and reputation. 
 We work in international locations where there are high security risks, which could result in harm to our employees and contractors and the incurrence of substantial costs. 
 Some of our services, including those using subcontractors, are performed in high-risk locations, including but not limited to, Iraq, certain parts of Africa, and the Middle East, where the country, region or surrounding areas may have unstable governments, or in areas of military conflict, or hostile and unstable environments, including war zones, or at military installations. These operations increase the risk of an incident resulting in damage or destruction to our work or living sites or resulting in injury or loss of life to our employees, subcontractors or other third parties. Our insurance coverage may not be adequate to cover these claims and liabilities and we may be forced to bear substantial costs arising from those claims. The impact of these factors is difficult to predict, but any one or more of them could adversely affect our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 
 We are subject to legal and regulatory compliance risks associated with operating internationally. 
 Our U.S. government contracts operating internationally represented approximately 48 of total revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022. We are subject to a variety of U.S. and foreign laws and regulations, including, without limitation, business compliance, tax and anti-corruption laws, including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act. We also employ international personnel and engage with foreign subcontractors and labor brokers, which requires compliance with numerous foreign laws and regulations related to labor, benefits, taxes, insurance and reporting requirements, among others, such as the European Union (EU) General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). Failure by us or our subcontractors or vendors to comply with these laws and regulations could result in administrative, civil, or criminal liabilities, suspension or debarment from government contracts, any of which could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 Our business operations are also subject to additional risks associated with conducting business internationally, including, without limitation: 
 Political instability in foreign countries; 
 Terrorist activity by various groups in the areas in which we operate; 
 Imposition of inconsistent foreign laws, regulations or policies or changes in or interpretations of such laws, regulations or policies; 
 Currency exchange controls, fluctuations of currency and foreign exchange rates, and currency revaluations; 
 Conducting business in places where laws, business practices and customs are unfamiliar or unknown; and 
 Imposition of limitations on or increases in withholding and other taxes on payments by foreign operations. 
 Our failure to adapt to or mitigate these risks could affect our ability to conduct our business internationally and adversely affect our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 
 We conduct a portion of our operations through joint ventures, exposing us to certain risks and uncertainties, many of which are outside of our control. 
 We conduct a portion of our operations through joint ventures where control may be shared with unaffiliated third parties. In addition, as with any joint venture arrangement, differences in views among the joint venture participants may result in delayed decisions or in failures to agree on major issues. We also cannot control the actions of our joint venture partners, including any failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations, nonperformance, default or bankruptcy of our joint venture partners. If our partners do not meet their contractual obligations, the joint venture may be unable to adequately perform and deliver its contracted services, requiring us to make additional investments or perform additional services to ensure the adequate performance and delivery of services to the customer. We could be liable for both our obligations and those of our partners, which may result in reduced profits or, in some cases, significant losses on the project. Additionally, these factors could have a material adverse effect on the business operations of the joint venture and, in turn, our business operations and reputation. 
 Further, operating through joint ventures in which we have a minority interest could result in us having limited control over many decisions made with respect to projects and internal controls relating to projects. These joint ventures may not be subject to the same requirements regarding internal controls as we are. As a result, internal control issues may arise, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our business could be adversely affected by bid protests. 
 We may experience additional costs and delays if our competitors protest or challenge awards of contracts to us in competitive bidding. Any such protest or challenge could result in the resubmission of bids on modified specifications, or in the termination, reduction or modification of the awarded contract. It can take a significant amount of time to resolve contract 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 protests and, in the interim, the contracting U.S. federal agency may suspend our performance under the contract pending the outcome of the protest. We cannot predict the timing or outcome of protests. 
 In addition, we may protest the contract awards of our competitors when we believe it is prudent to do so to protect our rights and interest in the competition. This process requires the time, effort and attention of our management and employees and incurs additional costs. 
 We are dependent on the U.S. government and, if our reputation or relationship with the U.S. government was harmed, our revenue and growth prospects could be adversely affected. 
 We derive all or most of our revenue from work performed under U.S. government contracts, primarily the DoD, either as a prime contractor or as a subcontractor to other contractors engaged in work for the U.S. government. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we generated approximately 46 of our total revenue from the U.S. Army. Our reputation and relationship with the U.S. government, and in particular with the branches and agencies of the DoD, are key factors in maintaining and growing this revenue. Negative press reports or publicity, which could pertain to employee or subcontractor misconduct, alleged violations of labor trafficking laws, conflicts of interest, termination of a contract or task order, poor contract performance, deficiencies in services, reports or other deliverables, information security breaches, business system disapprovals, or other aspects of our business, regardless of accuracy, could harm our reputation. If our reputation is negatively affected, we may lose our ability to conduct business in a foreign country (e.g., loss of business license), lose a required security clearance, or are suspended or debarred from contracting with government agencies or any branch of the DoD, our revenue and growth prospects could be adversely impacted. 
 Misconduct of our employees, subcontractors, agents, prime contractors or business partners could cause us to lose customers and could have a material adverse impact on our business and reputation, adversely affecting our ability to obtain new contracts. 
 Misconduct, fraud or other improper activities by our employees, subcontractors, agents, prime contractors or business partners could have a material adverse impact on our business and reputation. Such misconduct could include the failure to comply with federal, state, local or foreign government procurement regulations, regulations regarding the protection of classified or personal information, legislation regarding the pricing of labor and other costs in government contracts, laws and regulations relating to environmental matters, bribery of foreign government officials, lobbying or similar activities, boycotts, antitrust and any other applicable laws or regulations. Misconduct involving data security lapses or inadequate cybersecurity protections resulting in the compromise of personal information or the improper use of our customer s sensitive or classified information could result in remediation costs, regulatory sanctions against us and serious harm to our reputation. Although we have implemented policies, procedures and controls and training that are designed to prevent and detect these activities, these precautions may not prevent all misconduct and as a result, we could face unknown risks or losses. Misconduct by any of our employees, subcontractors, agents, prime contractors or business partners or our failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations could subject us to fines and penalties, loss of security clearance, loss of current and future customer contracts and suspension or debarment from contracting with federal, state or local government agencies, any of which would adversely affect our business, our reputation and our future financial results. 
 Our earnings and margins depend, in part, on subcontractor performance. 
 We rely on third-party subcontractors to perform some of the services that we provide to our customers. Disruptions or performance problems caused by our subcontractors could have an adverse effect on our ability as a prime contractor or higher tier subcontractor to meet our commitments to customers. 
 We may have disputes with our subcontractors arising from, among other things, the quality and timeliness of work performed by the subcontractor, customer concerns about the subcontractor, our failure to extend existing task orders or issue new task orders under a subcontract, proper invoicing, cost reasonableness, allocability, allowability, adjustments to the scope of the subcontractor s work, or the subcontractor s failure to comply with applicable law or regulations. Uncertain economic conditions heighten the risk of financial stress of our subcontractors, which could adversely impact their ability to meet their contractual requirements to us. If any of our subcontractors fail to timely meet their contractual obligations or have regulatory compliance or other problems, our ability to fulfill our obligations may be jeopardized. Significant losses could arise in future periods and subcontractor performance deficiencies could result in our termination for default. 
 We rely on internal and external information technology systems to conduct our business, and disruption or failure of these systems could adversely affect our business and results of operations. 
 We utilize, develop, install and maintain a number of information technology systems both for us and for our customers. Additionally, we utilize and rely on external systems maintained by our service providers. These activities may involve substantial risks to our ongoing business processes including, but not limited to, accurate and timely customer invoicing, employee payroll processing, supplier and vendor payment processing, supply chain management and financial reporting. If these implementation activities are not executed successfully or if we encounter significant delays in our implementation efforts, we could experience interruptions to our business processes. Under certain contracts with the U.S. 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 government, the adequacy of our business processes and related systems could be called into question. The occurrence of such events could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 We rely on our information and communications systems in our operations. Security breaches and other disruptions could adversely affect our business and results of operations. 
 As a U.S. defense contractor, various privacy and security laws require us to protect sensitive and confidential information from disclosure both for us and others. However, we have faced and may continue to face certain security threats, including cybersecurity threats to our information technology infrastructure, attempts to gain access to proprietary or classified information, and threats to physical security. As a government contractor, we and our suppliers face a heightened risk of a security breach or disruption resulting from an attack by computer hackers, foreign governments, and cyber terrorists. In connection with the information technology and network communications services that we provide to our customers, we also may encounter cybersecurity threats at customer sites that we operate. We face an added risk of a security breach or other significant disruption of our information technology systems and related systems that we develop, install, operate and maintain for certain of our customers, which may involve managing and protecting information relating to national security and other sensitive government functions or personally identifiable or protected health information. The risk of a security breach or disruption, particularly through cyber-attacks or cyber intrusions, including by computer hackers, foreign governments and cyber terrorists, has increased as the number, intensity and sophistication of attempted attacks and intrusions from around the world have increased. 
 Cybersecurity threats are significant and evolving and include, among others, malicious software, attempts to gain unauthorized access to data, and other electronic security breaches that could lead to disruptions in mission critical systems, unauthorized release of confidential or otherwise protected information and corruption of data. In addition to security threats, we are also subject to other systems failures, including network, software or hardware failures, whether caused by us, third-party service providers, natural disasters, power shortages, terrorist attacks or other events. 
 Our systems are decentralized, which presents various risks, including the risk that we may be slower or less able to identify or react to problems affecting a business function than we would be in a more centralized environment. In addition, company-wide business initiatives, such as the integration of information technology systems, carry a higher risk of failure. Depending on the nature of the initiative, such failure could result in loss of revenues, product development delays, compromise, corruption or loss of confidential, proprietary or sensitive information (including personal information or technical business information), remediation costs, indemnity obligations and other potential liabilities, regulatory or government action, breach of contract claims, contract termination, class action or individual lawsuits from affected parties, negative media attention, reputational damage, and loss of confidence from our government clients. Any of the foregoing could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations, and our insurance and other risk mitigation mechanisms may not be sufficient to recover the costs. 
 We continue to update and replace many of our systems and network infrastructure to protect our computing environment, to stay current on vendor supported products, to improve the effectiveness of our systems, strengthen cybersecurity requirements and improve the efficiency of our systems. The implementation of new systems and information technology could adversely impact our operations by imposing substantial capital expenditures or difficulties in transitioning to new systems. In addition, our systems implementations may not result in productivity improvements at the levels anticipated. Systems implementation disruption and any other information technology disruption could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 Many of the systems and networks that we develop, install and maintain for our customers involve managing and protecting personal information and information relating to national security and other sensitive government functions. If a system or network that we develop, install or maintain were to fail or experience a security breach or service interruption, we may experience loss of revenue, remediation costs or face claims for damages or contract termination. Any such event could prevent us from having access to or being eligible for further work on such systems and networks and cause serious harm to our business and reputation. Our liability insurance may be inadequate to compensate us for all of the damages that we may incur and, as a result, our future results could be adversely affected. 
 We are subject to certain data privacy regulations, which expose us to certain risks if we do not comply with these requirements. 
 As a U.S. entity operating in multiple European countries, we are also subject to regulatory compliance requirements under the EU GDPR that require our business to comply with security and privacy controls to protect personal data and privacy of EU citizens for transactions that occur within EU member states. A failure to comply with these requirements could negatively impact our business and financial condition. In addition, similar regulations regarding data protection and privacy rights are emerging in the U.S. and have the potential to negatively impact our business and financial condition. 
 As a U.S. government contractor, we are also subject to regulatory compliance requirements under the DFARS and other federal regulations that require our IT systems to comply with the security and privacy controls in National Institute of Standards and Technology Special Publication 800-171 (NIST 800-171). We may also be responsible if our subcontractors do 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 not comply with these requirements. A failure to comply with these requirements could negatively impact our business and financial condition. 
 We may not realize the anticipated benefits and cost savings of the Merger and integrating the two companies may be more difficult, costly or time-consuming than expected. 
 The success of the Merger, including anticipated benefits and cost savings, will depend, in part, on our ability to successfully combine and integrate our business with Vertex s. We may not realize the benefits of the Merger, including, among other things: (i) the expectation that combining Vectrus and Vertex would create a larger, stronger company with (a) an enhanced ability to compete for more integrated business opportunities, (b) a more diversified revenue base across geographies, clients and contract types in supporting missions for the DoD and other government agencies, and (c) a combined contract portfolio that will be more balanced across the government agencies served or (ii) the expectation that Vectrus will be able to use free cash flow to reduce its indebtedness. 
 The Merger involves the integration of Vertex s business with our legacy business, which is a complex, costly and time-consuming process. Furthermore, Vertex s current process of integrating its Defense Training and Mission Critical Services business, which still relies on certain operating and support services from Raytheon Company, could further increase the complexity and costs of integrating Vertex s businesses following the Merger. It is possible that the integration process could result in material challenges, including, without limitation: 
 the diversion of management s attention from ongoing business concerns and performance shortfalls at one or both of the companies as a result of the devotion of management s attention to the Merger; 
 managing a larger combined company; 
 the creation of a new executive management team; 
 maintaining employee morale and retaining key management and other employees; 
 the possibility of faulty assumptions underlying expectations regarding the integration process; 
 retaining existing business and operational relationships and attracting new business and operational relationships; 
 consolidating corporate and administrative infrastructures and eliminating duplicative operations and inconsistencies in standards, controls, procedures and policies; 
 integrating the companies financial reporting and internal control systems, including the Company s compliance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended, and the rules promulgated thereunder by the SEC; 
 coordinating geographically separate organizations; 
 maintaining and protecting the competitive advantages of each of Vectrus and Vertex, including the trade secrets, know-how and intellectual property related to its processes; 
 unanticipated issues in integrating information technology, communications and other systems; and 
 unforeseen expenses or delays associated with the Merger. 
 Many of these factors will be outside of the Company s control, and any one of them could result in delays, increased costs, decreases in revenues and diversion of management s time and energy, which could materially affect the Company s financial position, results of operations and cash flows. 
 If we experience difficulties with the integration process, the anticipated benefits of the Merger may not be realized fully or at all, or may take longer to realize than expected. These integration matters could have an adverse effect on us for an undetermined period after completion of the Merger. In addition, the actual cost savings of the Merger could be less than anticipated. 
 Our future results may be adversely impacted if the Company does not effectively manage its expanded operations. 
 Following the completion of the Merger, the size of the Company s business is significantly larger than the previous size of either Vectrus or Vertex s respective businesses. Our ability to successfully manage this expanded business will depend, in part, upon management s ability to design and implement strategic initiatives that address not only the integration of two discrete companies, but also the increased scale and scope of the combined business with its associated costs and complexity. There can be no assurances that we will be successful or that we will realize the expected operating efficiencies, cost savings and other benefits currently anticipated from the Merger. 
 We may pursue acquisitions and other investments that involve numerous risks and uncertainties. 
 We have and may in the future selectively pursue strategic acquisitions and other investments. These transactions require significant investment of time and resources and may disrupt our business and distract our management from other responsibilities. Even if successful, these transactions could affect our operating results for a number of reasons, including the amortization of intangible assets, impairment charges, acquired operations that are not yet profitable or the payment of additional consideration under earn-out arrangements if an acquisition performs better than expected. If we engage in such 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 transactions, we may incur significant transaction and integration costs and have difficulty integrating personnel, operations, products or technologies or otherwise realizing synergies or other benefits from the transactions. The integration process could result in the loss of key employees, loss of key customers, loss of key vendors, decreases in revenue and increases in operating costs. In addition, we may assume material liabilities in an acquisition, including liabilities that are unknown as of the time of the acquisition. Such transactions may dilute our earnings per share, disrupt our ongoing business, distract our management and employees, increase our expenses, perform poorly, subject us to liabilities, and increase our risk of litigation, all of which could harm our business. 
 We use estimates in accounting for many of our programs, and changes in our estimates could adversely affect our future financial results. 
 Revenue from our contracts is recognized primarily using the input method (e.g., costs incurred to date relative to total estimated costs at completion) to measure progress towards completion. This methodology requires estimates of total contract revenue, total costs at completion, and fees earned on the contract. Contract estimates are based on various assumptions to project the outcome of future events. These assumptions include labor productivity and availability; the complexity of the work to be performed; the cost and availability of materials; and the performance of subcontractors. This estimation process, particularly due to the nature of the services being performed, is complex and involves significant judgment. Adjustments to original estimates are often required as work progresses, experience is gained, and additional information becomes known, even though the scope of the work required under the contract may not change. Any adjustment as a result of a change in estimates is recognized as additional information becomes known. Changes in the underlying assumptions, circumstances or estimates could result in adjustments that may adversely affect our future financial results. 
 We depend on our teaming arrangements and relationships with other contractors. If we are not able to maintain these relationships, or if these parties fail to satisfy their obligations to us or the customer, our revenue, profitability and growth prospects could be adversely affected. 
 We rely on our teaming relationships and other arrangements with other prime contractors or subcontractors in order to submit bids for large procurements or other opportunities where we believe the combination of services provided by us and the other companies will help us to win and perform the contract. Our future revenue and growth prospects could be adversely affected if other contractors eliminate or reduce their contract relationships with us, or if the U.S. government terminates or reduces these other contractors' programs, does not award them new contracts or refuses to pay under a contract. 
 We may be required to contribute additional funds to meet any present or future underfunded benefit obligations associated with multiemployer pension plans in which we participate. 
 A multiemployer pension plan is typically established under a collective bargaining agreement with a union to represent workers of various unrelated companies. Certain collective bargaining agreements require us to contribute to their various multiemployer pension plans. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we contributed 6.3 million to multiemployer pension plans. Under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act (ERISA), an employer who contributes to a multiemployer pension plan, absent an applicable exemption or other mitigating circumstance, may also be liable, upon termination or withdrawal from the plan, for its proportionate share of the multiemployer pension plan s unfunded vested benefit. If we terminate or withdraw from a multiemployer plan, absent an applicable exemption or other mitigating circumstance, we could be required to contribute a significant amount of cash to fund the multiemployer plan s unfunded vested benefit, which could materially and adversely affect our financial results. 
 Legal disputes could require us to pay potentially large damage awards and could be costly to defend, which would adversely affect our cash balances and profitability, and could damage our reputation. 
 We are subject to a number of lawsuits and claims as described under Part I, Item 3, "Legal Proceedings," in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We are also subject to, and may become a party to, a variety of other litigation or claims and suits that arise from time to time in the ordinary course of our business. Adverse judgments or settlements in some or all of these legal disputes may result in significant monetary damages or injunctive relief against us. Any claims or litigation could be costly to defend, and even if we are successful or if fully indemnified or insured, such claims or litigation could damage our reputation and make it more difficult to compete effectively or obtain adequate insurance in the future. In addition, any securities litigation that we could encounter as a publicly traded company could be costly, divert management s attention and resources from our business and could require us to make substantial payments to settle those proceedings or satisfy any judgments that may be reached against us. Litigation and other claims are subject to inherent uncertainties and management s view of these matters may change in the future. 
 Our insurance may be insufficient to protect us from claims or losses. 
 We maintain insurance coverage with third-party insurers as part of our overall risk management strategy and because some of our contracts require us to maintain specific insurance coverage limits. However, not every risk or liability is or can be protected by insurance, and, for those risks we insure, the limits of coverage we purchase or that are reasonably obtainable in the market may not be sufficient to cover all actual losses or liabilities incurred. If any of our third-party insurers fail, cancel our coverage or otherwise are unable to provide us with adequate insurance coverage, then our overall risk 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 exposure and our operational expenses would increase, and the management of our business operations would be disrupted. Our insurance may be insufficient to protect us from significant warranty and other liability claims or losses. Moreover, there is a risk that commercially available liability insurance will not continue to be available to us at a reasonable cost, if at all. If liability claims or losses exceed our current or available insurance coverage, our business and prospects may be harmed. We are also subject to the requirements of the Defense Base Act (DBA), which generally requires insurance coverage to be provided to persons employed at U.S. military bases outside of the U.S. Failure to obtain DBA insurance may result in fines or other sanctions, including the loss of a particular contract. 
 There is a rapidly evolving awareness and focus from stakeholders with respect to environmental, social and governance practices, which could affect our business. 
 Stakeholder expectations with respect to environmental, social and governance matters have been rapidly evolving and increasing. We risk damage to our reputation if we do not act responsibly in key areas including diversity and inclusion, environmental stewardship, support for local communities and corporate governance. A failure to maintain appropriate environmental, social, governance practices may result in loss of business, and an inability to attract and retain customers and talented personnel, and which could have a negative impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition, and potentially on the price of our common stock and cost of capital. 
 RISKS RELATED TO GOVERNMENTAL REGULATIONS AND LAWS 
 Environmental, health and safety issues could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position or results of operations. 
 We are subject to federal, state, local, and foreign environmental, health and safety laws and regulations, including those governing: air emissions; discharges to water; the management, storage, transportation and disposal of hazardous wastes, petroleum, and other regulated substances; the investigation and cleanup of contaminated property; and the maintenance of a safe and healthy workplace for our employees, contractors, and visitors. These laws and their implementing regulations can impose certain operational controls for minimization of pollution, permitting, training, recordkeeping, monitoring and reporting requirements or other operational or siting constraints on our business, result in costs to remediate releases of regulated substances into the environment, result in facility shutdowns to address violations, or require costs to remediate sites to which we sent regulated substances for disposal. Violations of these laws and regulations can cause significant delays and add additional costs to a project. We have incurred and will continue to incur operating, maintenance and other expenditures as a result of environmental, health and safety laws and regulations. 
 Any new developments such as the adoption of new environmental, health and safety laws and regulations could result in material costs and liabilities that we currently do not anticipate and could increase our expenditures and also materially adversely affect our business, financial position or results of operations. 
 As a U.S. government contractor, we are subject to a number of procurement laws and regulations and could be adversely affected by changes in regulations or our failure to comply with these regulations. 
 We operate in a highly regulated environment and must comply with many significant procurement regulations and other requirements. These regulations and requirements, although customary in government contracts, increase our performance and compliance costs. If any such regulations or procurement requirements change, our costs of complying with them could increase and therefore reduce our margins. Some significant statutes and regulations that affect us include: 
 The FAR and department or agency-specific regulations that implement or supplement the FAR, such as the DoD s DFARS, which regulate the formation, administration and performance of U.S. government contracts; 
 The Truth in Negotiations Act, which requires certification and disclosure of cost and pricing data in connection with certain contract negotiations; 
 The Procurement Integrity Act, which regulates access to competitor bid and proposal information and government source selection information, and our ability to provide compensation to certain former government officials; 
 The Civil False Claims Act, which provides for substantial civil penalties, including claims for treble damages, for violations, including for submission of a false or fraudulent claim to the U.S. government for payment or approval; 
 The CTIP Act, which ensures that government contractors and others are fully trained to combat human trafficking pursuant to the National Security Presidential Directive 22; and 
 The U.S. Government Cost Accounting Standards (CAS), which impose accounting requirements that govern our right to reimbursement under certain cost-based U.S. government contracts. 
 If we are found to have violated any of these or other laws or regulations, or are found not to have acted responsibly as defined by them, we may be subject to reductions of the value of contracts; contract modifications or terminations; the assessment of penalties and fines, compensatory damages or treble damages; or suspension or debarment from government contracting or subcontracting, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 Our business is subject to audits, reviews, cost adjustments, and investigations by the U.S. government, which, if resolved unfavorably to us, could adversely affect our profitability, cash position or growth prospects. 
 U.S. government agencies, including the DCAA, the DCMA and others, routinely audit and review our performance on government contracts, indirect rates and pricing practices, and compliance with applicable contracting and procurement laws, regulations and standards. They also review the adequacy of our compliance with government standards for our business systems, including our accounting, purchasing, government property, estimating, and related business systems. 
 Recently, these audits and reviews have become more rigorous and the standards to which we are held are being more strictly interpreted and applied, increasing the likelihood of an audit or review resulting in an adverse outcome. Although customary in government contracts, these audits and reviews increase our performance and compliance costs. 
 Government audits or other reviews could result in adjustments to contract costs, the disallowance of or adjustment to costs allocated to certain contracts, mandatory customer refunds, or decreased billings to our U.S. government customers until the deficiencies identified in the audits or reviews are corrected and our corrections are accepted by DCMA. Such adjustments could be applied retroactively, which could result in significant customer refunds. A determination of non-compliance with applicable contracting and procurement laws, regulations and standards could result in the U.S. government imposing penalties and sanctions against us, including withholding of payments, suspension of payments and increased government scrutiny that could delay or adversely affect our ability to invoice and receive timely payment on contracts, perform contracts or compete for contracts. Non-compliance by us could result in our being placed on the Excluded Parties List maintained by the General Services Administration, and we could become ineligible to receive certain contracts, subcontracts and other benefits from the U.S. government or to perform work under a government contract or subcontract until the basis for the listing has been appropriately addressed, which would materially adversely affect our ability to do business. 
 In addition, if a review or investigation identifies improper or illegal activities, we may be subject to civil or criminal penalties or administrative sanctions, including the termination of contracts, forfeiture of profits, the triggering of price reduction clauses, suspension of payments, fines and suspension or debarment from doing business with governmental agencies. Civil penalties and sanctions are not uncommon in our industry. If we incur a material penalty or administrative sanction, our reputation, business, results of operations, and future business could be adversely affected. 
 The DoD continues to modify its business practices, which could have a material effect on its overall procurement processes and adversely impact our current programs and potential new awards. 
 The DoD continues to pursue various initiatives designed to gain efficiencies and to focus and enhance business practices. These initiatives and resulting changes, such as increased usage of firm-fixed-price contracts, where we bear the risk that increased or unexpected costs may reduce our profit or cause us to sustain losses, multiple award IDIQ contracts and small and disadvantaged business set-aside contracts, have an impact on the contracting environment in which we do business. Any of these changes could impact our ability to obtain new contracts or renew our existing contracts when those contracts are recompeted. These initiatives, such as IDIQ contracts, continue to evolve, and the full impact to our business remains uncertain and subject to the way the DoD implements them. As a result of these initiatives, our profit margins on future contracts may be reduced and may require us to make sustained efforts to reduce costs in order to realize revenue and profits under our contracts. If we are not successful in reducing the amount of costs we incur, our profitability on our contracts will be negatively impacted. Any new contracting requirements or procurement methods could be costly or administratively difficult for us to implement and could adversely affect our future revenue, profitability and prospects. 
 Our business depends upon obtaining and maintaining required facility security clearance and individual security clearances. 
 Many of our federal government contracts require our employees to maintain various levels of security clearances complying with U.S. government requirements. Obtaining and maintaining security clearances for employees involves a lengthy process and it can be difficult to identify, recruit and retain employees who already hold security clearances. If our employees are unable to obtain or retain security clearances or if our employees who hold security clearances terminate employment with us, our ability to perform the work under the contract may be negatively affected, and the customer whose work requires cleared employees could terminate the contract or decide not to renew it upon its expiration. In addition, many of the contracts on which we bid require us to maintain a facility security clearance. To the extent we are not able to maintain a facility security clearance, we may not be able to bid on or win new contracts, or effectively re-bid on expiring contracts. 
 Our business may be negatively impacted if we are unable to adequately protect our intellectual property rights. 
 Our success is dependent, in part, on our ability to utilize technology to differentiate our services from our competitors. We rely on a combination of patents, confidentiality agreements and other contractual arrangements, as well as copyright, trademark, patent and trade secret laws, to protect our intellectual property rights and interests. However, these methods only provide a limited amount of protection and may not adequately protect our intellectual property rights and interests. Our employees, contractors and joint venture partners are subject to confidentiality obligations, but this protection may be inadequate to deter or prevent misappropriation of our confidential information and/or infringement of our intellectual property 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 rights. Further, we may be unable to detect unauthorized use of our intellectual property or otherwise take appropriate steps to enforce our rights. Failure to adequately protect, maintain or enforce our intellectual property rights may adversely limit our competitive position. 
 We cannot provide assurances that others will not independently develop technology substantially similar to our protected technology or that we can successfully preserve our intellectual property rights in the future. Our intellectual property rights could be invalidated, circumvented, challenged, misappropriated or infringed upon. Any infringement, misappropriation or related claims, whether meritorious or not, are time consuming, divert technical and management personnel, are expensive to resolve, and the outcome is unpredictable. As a result of any such dispute, we may have to develop non-infringing technology, pay damages, enter into royalty or licensing agreements, cease utilizing certain products or services or take other actions to resolve the claims. These actions, if required, may be costly or unavailable on terms acceptable to us. If we are unable to prevail in the litigation or retain or obtain sufficient rights or develop non-infringing intellectual property or otherwise alter our business practices on a timely or cost-efficient basis, our business and operating results may be adversely affected. 
 In addition, our clients or other third parties may also provide us with their technology and intellectual property. There is a risk that we may not sufficiently protect our or their information from improper use or dissemination and, as a result, could be subject to claims and litigation and resulting liabilities, loss of contracts or other consequences that could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operation. 
 We also hold licenses from third parties which may be utilized in our business operations. If we are no longer able to license such technology on commercially reasonable terms or otherwise, our business and financial performance could be adversely affected. 
 Government withholding regulations could adversely affect our operating performance. 
 A DFARS rule allows withholding of a percentage of payments when a contractor s business system has one or more significant deficiencies. The DFARS rule applies to CAS-covered contracts that have the DFARS clause in the contract terms and conditions. Contracting officers may withhold 5 of contract payments for one or more significant deficiencies in any single contractor business system or up to 10 of contract payments for significant deficiencies in multiple contractor business systems. A significant deficiency as defined by the DoD is a shortcoming in the system that materially affects the ability of officials of the DoD to rely upon information produced by the system that is needed for management purposes. If we have significant deficiencies and contract payments are withheld, our revenue and financial position may be adversely affected. 
 RISKS RELATED TO OUR INDEBTEDNESS, FINANCIAL CONDITION AND MARKETS 
 In connection with the Merger, we assumed significantly more indebtedness than V2X's prior indebtedness. Our level of indebtedness and our ability to make payments on or service our indebtedness could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flow and liquidity. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 1,336.8 million of aggregate debt outstanding, which consists of the First Lien Term Facility, the Second Lien Term Facility and the ABL Facility (See Note 10, Debt, in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K). In connection with the Merger, we incurred significant additional indebtedness, including under the First Lien Term Facility and the Second Lien Term Facility and the ABL Facility (each as defined in Note 10, Debt , in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K), which could adversely affect our business operations, cash flows and liquidity, including by decreasing our business flexibility and increasing our interest expense. 
 The amount of cash required to pay interest on our increased indebtedness levels following completion of the Merger, and thus the demands on our cash resources, is expected to be greater than the amount of cash flows required to service our indebtedness prior to the Merger. The increased levels of indebtedness following completion of the Merger could also reduce funds available for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, the repayment or refinancing of our indebtedness as it becomes due and other general corporate purposes and may create competitive disadvantages for us relative to other companies with lower debt levels. If we do not achieve the expected benefits and cost savings from the Merger, or if our financial performance does not meet current expectations, then our ability to service our indebtedness may be adversely impacted. 
 If we are not able to repay or refinance our debt as it becomes due, we may be required to adopt one or more alternatives, such as selling assets, restructuring debt or obtaining additional debt or equity on terms that may be onerous or highly dilutive, if we can obtain it at all. If we raise equity through the issuance of preferred stock, the terms of the preferred stock may give the holders rights, preferences and privileges senior to those of holders of our common stock, particularly in the event of liquidation. Our ability to arrange additional financing or refinancing will depend on, among other factors, our financial position and performance, as well as prevailing market conditions and other factors beyond our control. We cannot assure you that we will be able to obtain additional financing or refinancing on terms acceptable to us or at all. 
 The secured credit facilities include fallback language providing for a mechanism to convert to a new reference when the London Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR) ceases to exist. In certain circumstances, such transition may also occur at the 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 election of Vertex and the administrative agent under the respective credit facility. This could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows and liquidity. The methodology for calculating these reference rates differs in a number of respects from the methodology for calculating LIBOR, and they are not expected to be the economic equivalent of LIBOR. As a result of such differences in methodology, among other factors, it is possible that these rates will perform differently from LIBOR in future periods and may be more volatile. Additionally, there can be no assurance that the new reference rates will attain market acceptance as replacements of LIBOR. These interest rates will fluctuate with changing market conditions and, if they increase, our interest expense will also increase. The market transition away from LIBOR to alternative reference rates is complex and could have a range of material adverse effects on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our variable rate indebtedness may expose us to interest rate risks, which could cause our debt costs to increase significantly. 
 Borrowing under the secured credit facilities are at variable rates of interest and will expose us to interest rate risk. As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 1,336.8 million of aggregate debt outstanding under our secured credit facility. Given the current rising interest rate environment, if interest rates continue to increase, our debt service obligations on our variable rate indebtedness would increase even though the amount borrowed would remain the same, and our ability to generate cash from operations and other cash flows, including cash available for servicing our indebtedness, would correspondingly decrease. 
 We may in the future enter into interest rate swaps that involve the exchange of floating for fixed rate interest payments in order to reduce future interest rate volatility of our variable rate indebtedness. However, due to risks for hedging gains and losses and cash settlement costs, we may not elect to maintain such interest rate swaps, and any swaps may not fully mitigate our interest rate risk. 
 Our debt agreements contain covenants with which we must comply or risk default, or that impose restrictions on us and certain of our subsidiaries that may affect our ability to operate our businesses . 
 The agreements that govern the indebtedness incurred in connection with the Merger contain various affirmative and negative covenants that may, subject to certain significant exceptions, restrict our and certain of our subsidiaries ability to incur debt and our and certain of our subsidiaries ability to merge, dissolve, liquidate or consolidate; make acquisitions, investments, advances or loans; dispose of or transfer assets; pay dividends; redeem or repurchase certain debt; and enter into certain restrictive agreements. Our and our subsidiaries ability to comply with these provisions may be affected by events beyond our control. Failure to comply with these covenants could result in an event of default, which, if not cured or waived, could accelerate our repayment obligations and could result in a default and acceleration under other agreements containing cross-default provisions. Under these circumstances, we might not have sufficient funds or other resources to satisfy all of our obligations. 
 Unanticipated changes in our tax provisions or exposure to additional U.S. and foreign tax liabilities could affect our profitability. 
 We are subject to various taxes, including but not limited to income, gross receipts and payroll withholding taxes in the U.S. and many foreign jurisdictions. Significant judgment is required in determining our worldwide provision or benefit for taxes. In the ordinary course of our business, there are many transactions and calculations where the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. Furthermore, changes in domestic or foreign tax laws and regulations, or their interpretation and enforcement, could result in higher or lower taxes assessed or changes in the taxability of certain revenue or the deductibility of certain expenses, thereby affecting our tax expense and profitability. See Note 13, Income Taxes , in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information. In addition, we regularly are under audit by tax authorities. The final determination of tax audits and any related litigation could be materially different from our historical tax provisions and accruals. Additionally, changes in the geographic mix of our revenue, including certain additional foreign taxes resulting from the Merger, could also impact our tax liabilities and affect our overall tax expense and profitability. 
 The effects of changes in worldwide economic and capital markets conditions may significantly affect our ability to maintain liquidity or procure capital. 
 Our business may be adversely affected by factors in the U.S. and other countries that are beyond our control, such as disruptions in financial markets or downturns in economic activity in specific countries or regions, or in the various industries in which our company operates; social, political or labor conditions in specific countries or regions; geopolitical conflict or hostilities; or adverse changes in the availability and cost of capital, inflation, interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates, tax rates, or regulations in the jurisdictions in which our company operates. If we lose access to our revolving credit facility, or if we are required to raise additional capital, we may be unable to do so in the current credit and stock market environment, or we may be able to do so only on unfavorable terms. 
 Adverse changes to financial conditions also could jeopardize certain counterparty obligations, including those of our insurers and financial institutions and other third parties. 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 We may not realize as revenue the full amounts reflected in our backlog, which could adversely affect our future revenue and growth. 
 As of December 31, 2022, our total backlog was 12.3 billion, which included 2.6 billion in funded backlog. We may not realize the full amount of our backlog as revenue, particularly unfunded backlog and future services where the customer has an option to decline our continued services under a contract. In addition, there can be no assurance that our backlog will result in actual revenue in any particular period. Our receipt of revenue, and the timing and amount of revenue under contracts included in our backlog are subject to various contingencies, many of which are beyond our control, including congressional appropriations. In particular, delays in the completion of the U.S. government s budgeting process and the use of continuing resolutions could adversely affect our ability to recognize revenue timely under the contracts included in our backlog. Furthermore, the actual receipt of revenue from contracts included in our backlog may never occur or may be delayed because: 
 a program schedule could change, or the program could be canceled; a contract s funding or scope could be reduced, modified, delayed, or terminated early, including as a result of a lack of appropriated funds or as a result of cost cutting initiatives and other efforts to reduce U.S. government spending or the automatic federal defense spending cuts required by sequestration; 
 in the case of funded backlog, the period of performance for the contract has expired; or 
 in the case of unfunded backlog, funding may not be available; or, in the case of priced options, our clients may not exercise their options. 
 Goodwill represents a significant portion of our assets and any impairment of these assets could negatively impact our results of operations. 
 At December 31, 2022, our goodwill was approximately 1.7 billion, which represented approximately 51.2 of our total assets. We test goodwill for impairment on an annual basis, or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of goodwill may not be recoverable. (For additional information on our goodwill impairment testing, see Note 1, Description of Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policie s, in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K). Because of the significance of our goodwill, any future impairment of this asset could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 
 RISKS RELATED TO OUR SECURITIES 
 We meet the requirements to be a controlled company within the meaning of the rules of the NYSE and, as a result, qualify for, and intend to rely on, exemptions from certain corporate governance standards, which limit the presence of independent directors on its Board of Directors or Board committees. 
 Following the Merger, approximately 62.25 of the outstanding shares of the common stock of the Company is held by holders of the equity interests of Vertex, on a fully diluted basis, and approximately 37.75 is held by the holders of the common stock of Vectrus, on a fully diluted basis. Vertex Aerospace Holdco LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (Vertex Holdco), an affiliate of American Industrial Partners Capital Fund VI, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership and private equity fund affiliated with American Industrial Partners, owns approximately 62.25 of the fully diluted shares of the common stock of the Company. 
 As a result, we are a controlled company for purposes of Section 303A of the NYSE Listed Company Manual and are exempt from certain governance requirements otherwise required by the NYSE. Under Section 303A, a company of which more than 50 of the voting power is held by an individual, a group or another company is a controlled company and is exempt from certain corporate governance requirements, including requirements that (1) a majority of the board of directors consist of independent directors, (2) compensation of officers be determined or recommended to the board of directors by a majority of its independent directors or by a compensation committee that is composed entirely of independent directors and (3) director nominees be selected or recommended for selection by a majority of the independent directors or by a nominating/corporate governance committee composed solely of independent directors. Following the consummation of the Merger, we continue to have an audit committee that is composed entirely of independent directors. 
 In addition, the procedures for approving significant corporate decisions could be determined by directors who have a direct or indirect interest in such decisions, and our shareholders will not have the same protections afforded to shareholders of other companies that are required to comply with the independence rules of the NYSE. 
 Our stock price may be volatile. 
 The market price of our common stock has been, and is likely to continue to be, highly volatile due to a number of factors, including the volatility of the stock market in general and uncertainty related to major contract awards, such as our LOGCAP V Award. The trading price of our stock varied from a low of 29.81 to a high of 48.04 in 2022. Because of this volatility, investors in our stock may experience a decline in the value of their investment or may not be able to sell their common stock at or above the price paid for the shares. 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 Any future offerings of securities, including debt or preferred stock, which would be senior to our common stock, or other equity securities may materially and adversely affect us or our shareholders, including the per share trading price of our common stock. 
 We may issue, from time to time, additional securities, including common stock, preferred stock, depository shares, warrants, rights and debt securities, whether through an effective registration statement or otherwise. In addition to issuing more shares of our common stock, in the future, we may attempt to increase our capital resources by making additional offerings of debt, including senior debt securities or subordinated debt securities, or preferred stock, or securities that are exchangeable or exercisable or for or convertible into any of the foregoing. Holders of debt and holders of preferred stock may be entitled to receive payments of interest, dividends or otherwise prior to holders of shares of our common stock receiving dividends or any other payments and, in addition, upon liquidation, holders of debt and holders of shares of preferred stock will be entitled to receive our available assets prior to distribution to the holders of our common stock. Our preferred stock, if issued, has rights, preferences and privileges, including a preference on liquidating distributions and/or a preference on dividend payments, which could limit our ability to pay dividends to holders of our common stock. Additionally, any convertible, exercisable or exchangeable securities that we issue in the future may have rights, preferences and privileges more favorable than those of our common stock and may result in dilution to owners of our common stock. Holders of our common stock are not entitled to preemptive rights or other protections against dilution. Because our decision to issue securities in any future offering will depend on market conditions and other factors beyond our control, we cannot predict or estimate the amount, timing, or nature of future offerings. As a result, our shareholders bear the risk that our future offerings could adversely affect their rights as holders of common stock, reduce the per share trading price of our common stock and dilute their interest in us. 
 If our significant shareholders who received shares of our common stock in the Merger sell their shares, the price of our common stock could be materially affected. 
 If our significant shareholders who received shares of our common stock in connection with the Merger choose to sell a significant number of our shares, such sales could have a material impact on the market price for our common stock. 
 The restrictions on sales contained in the Shareholders Agreement, dated as of July 5, 2022, among the Company and certain of its shareholders (the Shareholders Agreement) have expired, and all of the shares of our common stock issued in connection with the completion of the Merger are available for resale in the public market, including pursuant to an effective registration statement that the Company filed for these shareholders. As of the date of this Form 10-K, approximately 60.1 of the outstanding shares of our common stock are held by the shareholders party to the Shareholders Agreement. 
 Such shareholders may decide not to hold the shares of our common stock they received upon completion of the Merger. In addition, certain of such shareholders, such as funds with limitations on their permitted holdings of stock in individual issuers, may be required to sell the shares of our common stock that they received upon completion of the Merger. 
 The impact on our stock price of sales of shares by such shareholders could be positive or negative, whether in the immediate term or in the future, and could be material. The effect and magnitude would depend on various factors, including market conditions, public float, trading volume and liquidity, shareholder composition and ownership, market perception, the number of shares sold and analyst coverage. In addition, future events and conditions could further increase the dilution from sales of these shares, including adverse changes in market conditions, additional transaction and integration related costs and other factors such as the failure to realize some or all of the benefits anticipated in the Merger. Any dilution of, or delay of any accretion to, our earnings per share could cause the price of shares of our common stock to decline or grow at a reduced rate. These sales may also make it more difficult for us to sell equity or equity-linked securities in the future at a time and at a price that we deem appropriate to raise funds through future offerings. 
 We do not currently plan to pay dividends on our common stock, and our indebtedness could limit our ability to pay dividends on our common stock in the future. 
 We do not currently plan to pay dividends on our common stock. The declaration of any future cash dividends and, if declared, the amount of any such dividends, will be subject to our financial condition, earnings, capital requirements, financial covenants and other contractual restrictions and to the discretion of our Board of Directors. Our Board of Directors may consider such matters as general business conditions, industry practice, our financial condition and performance, our future prospects, our cash needs and capital investment plans, income tax consequences, applicable law and such other factors as our Board of Directors may deem relevant. Further, pursuant to the Shareholders Agreement, for so long as the Former Vertex Stockholders (as defined in the Shareholders Agreement) collectively beneficially own 34 or more of the outstanding shares of the Company s common stock, the Company will not, without the requisite consent of the Former Vertex Stockholders declare or pay any dividend or distribution (a) on a non-pro-rata basis or (b) in excess of 25.0 million in the aggregate during any fiscal year. 
 Additionally, our indebtedness could have important consequences for holders of our common stock. If we cannot generate sufficient cash flow from operations to meet our debt payment obligations, then our ability to pay dividends, if so determined by the Board of Directors, will be impaired. In addition, the terms of the agreements governing our current debt limit the payment of dividends and debt that we may incur in the future may also limit the payment of dividends. 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 Anti-takeover provisions in our organizational documents and Indiana law could delay or prevent a change in control. 
 Certain provisions of our amended and restated articles of incorporation and our second amended and restated by-laws may delay or prevent a merger or acquisition that a shareholder may consider favorable. For example, the amended and restated articles of incorporation and the second amended and restated by-laws, among other things, provide for a classified board, do not permit shareholders to convene special meetings or to remove our directors other than for cause, limit our shareholders' ability to fill vacancies on our Board of Directors and impose advance notice requirements for shareholder proposals and nominations of Directors to be considered at meetings of shareholders. In addition, the amended and restated articles of incorporation authorize our Board of Directors to issue one or more series of preferred stock without further action by our shareholders. These provisions may also discourage acquisition proposals or delay or prevent a change in control, which could harm our stock price. Indiana law also imposes restrictions on mergers and other business combinations between any beneficial holder of 10 or more of our outstanding common stock and us. 
 
 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 We have 343 locations in 45 countries and territories on six continents. Our contract performance typically occurs on the government customer s facility. Our material locations are the corporate headquarters office located at 7901 Jones Branch Drive, McLean, Virginia, an operations office located at 2424 Garden of the Gods Road, Colorado Springs, Colorado, and an operations office at 555 Industrial Drive, Madison, Mississippi. These properties are used by our sole operating segment. Our McLean, Colorado Springs and Madison offices are leased and have approximately 24,400, 65,000 and 164,000 square feet, respectively. The leases for our McLean, Colorado Springs and Madison offices expire in 2032, 2028 and 2030, respectively. We consider the properties that we lease to be in good condition and generally suitable for the purposes for which they are used. 
 
 ITEM 3 . LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 From time to time, we are party to various investigations, lawsuits, arbitration, claims, enforcement actions and other legal proceedings including government investigations and claims, which are incidental to the operation of our business. Some of these proceedings seek remedies relating to employment matters, matters in connection with our contracts and matters arising under laws relating to the protection of the environment. As a government contractor, we are also subject to U.S. government audits and investigations relating to our operations, including claims for fines, penalties, and repayments, compensatory or treble damages. We believe the outcome of such ongoing government audits and investigations will not have a material impact on our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. Although the ultimate outcome of any legal matter cannot be predicted with certainty, based on present information, including our assessment of the merits of the particular claim, we do not expect that any asserted or unasserted legal claims or proceedings, individually or in the aggregate, will have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. 
 See Note 15, Commitments and Contingencies in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further information. 
 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not Applicable. 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 PART II 
 
 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 COMMON STOCK MARKET INFORMATION, HOLDERS AND DIVIDENDS 
 Our common stock is traded on the NYSE under the symbol VVX". Our common stock started trading on the NYSE in September 2014. As of February 28, 2023, there were approximately 3,899 s tockholders of record an d 30.9 million outstanding shares of common stock. 
 To date, we have not declared or paid any dividends on our common stock. The declaration and payment of dividends by us are subject to the discretion of our Board of Directors and depend on many factors including our financial condition, earnings, capital requirements, covenants associated with our debt obligations, legal requirements, regulatory constraints and other factors deemed relevant by the Board of Directors. Therefore, there can be no assurance as to what level of dividends, if any, will be paid in the future. In deciding whether to pay future dividends on our common stock, our Board of Directors may take into account such matters as general business conditions, industry practice, our financial condition and performance, our future prospects, our cash needs and capital investment plans, debt levels and requirements, income tax consequences, applicable law and such other factors as our Board of Directors may deem relevant. See Item 7. "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Liquidity and Capital Resources" in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. For a discussion of restrictions on the payment of dividends under our credit agreement, see Note 10, Debt , in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 EQUITY COMPENSATION PLAN INFORMATION 
 For a discussion of the securities authorized under our equity compensation plans, see Item 12 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, which incorporates by reference the information to be disclosed in our definitive proxy statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. 
 RECENT SALES OF UNREGISTERED SECURITIES 
 None 
 ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 We did not repurchase any of our equity securities for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 STOCK PERFORMANCE GRAPH 
 The following graph provides a comparison of the cumulative total shareholder return of our common stock to the returns of the Russell 2000 Index and the S P Aerospace Defense Select Industry Index from December 31, 2014 through December 31, 2022 with data points as of December 31 for the years shown. The graph is not, and is not intended to be, indicative of future performance of our common stock. This graph is not deemed to be filed with the SEC or subject to the liabilities of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (Exchange Act) and should not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any of our prior or subsequent filings under the Securities Act of 1933 as amended (Securities Act), or the Exchange Act, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing. 
 The graph assumes that 100 had been invested in V2X common stock, the Russell 2000 Index and the S P Aerospace Defense Select Industry Index on December 31, 2017 and that all dividends were reinvested. 

ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 
 Reserved 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 The following discussion of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the audited Consolidated Financial Statements and notes thereto in this Annual Report on Form 10-K as well as the discussion in Item 1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K entitled "Business." This Annual Report provides additional information regarding the Company, our services, industry outlook and forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. The forward-looking statements are not historical facts, but rather are based on current expectations, estimates, assumptions and projections about our industry, business and future financial results. Our actual results could differ materially from the results contemplated by these forward-looking statements. See "Forward-Looking Statement Information" for further information regarding forward-looking statements. Amounts presented in and throughout this Item 7 are rounded and, as such, rounding differences could occur in period over period changes and percentages reported. 
 Forward-Looking Statement Information 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K and certain information incorporated herein by reference contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 21E of the Exchange Act, and Section 27A of the Securities Act, and the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and, as such, may involve risks and uncertainties. All statements included or incorporated by reference in this report, other than statements that are purely historical, are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements generally can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology such as may, will, 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 expect, intend, estimate, anticipate, believe, could, potential, continue or similar terminology. These statements are based on the beliefs and assumptions of our management based on information currently available to management. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from the results contemplated by the forward-looking statements. 
 The forward-looking statements included or incorporated by reference in this report are subject to additional risks and uncertainties further discussed under Item 1A. Risk Factors and are based on information available to us on the filing date of this report. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this report. New risks and uncertainties arise from time to time, and we cannot predict those events or how they may affect us. 
 We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law. In addition, forward-looking statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from the Company s historical experience and our present expectations or projections. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to: the continued impact of COVID-19 and any variant strains thereof on the global economy; our ability to submit proposals for and/or win all potential opportunities in our pipeline; our ability to retain and renew our existing contracts; our ability to compete with other companies in our market; security breaches and other disruptions to our information technology and operation; our mix of cost-plus, cost-reimbursable, and firm-fixed-price contracts; maintaining our reputation and relationship with the U.S. government; protests of new awards; economic, political and social conditions in the countries in which we conduct our businesses; changes in U.S. or international government defense budgets; government regulations and compliance therewith, including changes to the DoD procurement process; changes in technology; intellectual property matters; governmental investigations, reviews, audits and cost adjustments; contingencies related to actual or alleged environmental contamination, claims and concerns; delays in completion of the U.S. government's budget; our success in extending, deepening, and enhancing our technical capabilities; our success in expanding our geographic footprint or broadening our customer base; our ability to realize the full amounts reflected in our backlog; impairment of goodwill; misconduct of our employees, subcontractors, agents, prime contractors and business partners; our ability to control costs; our level of indebtedness; terms of our credit agreement; inflation and interest rate risk; subcontractor performance; economic and capital markets conditions; our ability to maintain safe work sites and equipment; our ability to retain and recruit qualified personnel; our ability to maintain good relationships with our workforce; our teaming relationships with other contractors; changes in our accounting estimates; the adequacy of our insurance coverage; volatility in our stock price; changes in our tax provisions or exposure to additional income tax liabilities; risks and uncertainties relating to the Merger; risks and uncertainties relating to the Spin-off; changes in U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP); and other factors described in Item 1A, Risk Factors, and elsewhere in this report and described from time to time in our future reports filed with the SEC. 
 
 Overview 
 V2X, formerly known as Vectrus, is a leading provider of critical mission solutions primarily to defense clients globally. The Company operates as one segment and delivers a comprehensive suite of integrated solutions across the operations and logistics, aerospace, training and technology markets to national security, defense, civilian and international clients. 
 Our primary customer is the U.S. Department of Defense. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, we had total revenue of 2.9 billion, 1.8 billion and 1.4 billion, respectively, substantially all of which was derived from U.S. government customers. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, we generated approximately 46 , 64 and 69 , respectively, of our total revenue from the U.S. Army. 
 
 Executive Summary 
 Our revenue increased by 1,107.2 million, or 62.1 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. Revenue increased 908.4 m illion due to the Merger and the remaining increase was from organic growth for legacy programs. Revenue from our U.S, Asia, Europe and Middle East programs increased by 916.0 million, 105.7 million, 61.7 million, and 23.8 million, respectively. 
 Operating income for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 55.8 million, a decrease of 6.2 million or 10.1 , compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. This decrease was primarily due to amortization of intangible assets, and acquisition-related costs associated with the Merger. 
 During the performance of our long-term contracts, we periodically review estimated final contract prices and costs and make revisions as required, which are recorded as changes in revenue and cost of revenue in the periods in which they are determined. Additionally, the fees under certain contracts may be increased or decreased in accordance with cost or performance incentive provisions which measure actual performance against established targets or other criteria. Such incentive fee awards or penalties are included in revenue when there is sufficient information to reasonably assess anticipated contract performance. Amounts representing contract change orders or limitations in funding on contracts are recorded only if it is probable the claim will result in additional contract revenue and the amounts can be reliably estimated. Changes in estimated revenue, cost of revenue and the related effect to operating income are recognized using cumulative adjustments, which recognize in the current period the cumulative effect of the changes on current and prior periods based on a contract's 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 percentage of completion. Cumulative adjustments are driven by changes in contract terms, program performance, customer scope changes and changes to estimates in the reported period. These changes can increase or decrease operating income depending on the dynamics of each contract. 
 We recorded an income tax expense of 8.2 million and 8.3 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which represent effective income tax rates of (134.6) and 15.4 , respectively. See Note 13, Income Taxes , in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further information. 
 Further details related to our financial performance for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, are contained in the Discussion of Financial Results section. Details related to our financial performance for the year ended December 31, 2021, compared to the year ended December 31, 2020 are included in the Discussion of Financial Results section of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, electronically filed with the SEC on EDGAR on March 7, 2022. 
 Merger with Vertex 
 For a discussion of our Merger and related debt and stock-based compensation obligations, see Note 3, Merger and Acquisitions , Note 10, Debt and Note 16, Stock Based Compensation, in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 COVID-19 Impact 
 On March 11, 2020, the World Health Organization designated COVID-19 as a global pandemic. COVID-19 has negatively impacted public health and the global economy, disrupted global supply chains, and created volatility in financial markets. Furthermore, in September 2021, the Biden Administration issued an executive order mandating a COVID-19 vaccination requirement for federal contractors, except in certain limited circumstances. Since then, multiple courts have enjoined the executive order s implementation, although the court decisions are not uniform in their application or the states to which the injunction applies. The federal government has indicated that it will not, for the time being, enforce the vaccination mandate. 
 The extent of the ultimate impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our operational and financial performance, including our ability to execute our programs in the expected timeframe, will depend on future developments, including any potential subsequent waves or variants of COVID-19, the effectiveness, distribution and acceptance of COVID-19 vaccines, the ultimate impact on financial markets and the global economy, new government regulations for defense contractors (including vaccination mandates) and other related actions taken by the U.S. government, state and local government officials, and international governments to prevent disease spread, all of which remain uncertain and cannot be predicted. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the impact of COVID-19 was immaterial to our financial results. For the year ended December 31, 2020, it is estimated that COVID-19 caused a 63.1 million reduction in our revenue and a 0.39 reduction in our diluted earnings per share. This impact was primarily due to certain government actions to restrict access to certain bases by V2X personnel and delays in supplier deliveries. 
 Significant Contracts 
 The following table reflects contracts that accounted for more than 10 of our total revenue for one or more of the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020: 
 of Total Revenue Years Ended December 31, Contract Name 2022 2021 2020 LOGCAP V - Kuwait Task Order 16.4 11.8 LOGCAP V - Iraq Task Order 9.8 11.7 OMDAC-SWACA 4.2 7.8 14.2 K-BOSSS 0.7 15.8 34.1 
 Revenue associated with a contract will fluctuate based on increases or decreases in the work being performed on the contract, award fee payments, and other contract modifications within the term of the contract resulting in changes to the total contract value. 
 U.S. government contracts are multi-year contracts and typically include an initial period of one year or less with annual one-year (or less) option periods for the remaining contract period. The number of option periods vary by contract, and there is no guarantee that an option period will be exercised by the U.S. government. The right to exercise an option period is at the sole discretion of the U.S. government. The U.S. government may also extend the term of a program by issuing extensions or bridge contracts, typically for periods of one year or less. 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 The LOGCAP V - Kuwait Task Order is currently exercised through June 30, 2023, with three additional twelve-month options and one six-month option through December 31, 2026. The task order provides services to support the Geographical Combatant Commands and Army Service Component Commands throughout the full range of military operations in the Kuwait region. The LOGCAP V - Kuwait Task Order contributed 472.9 million and 210.8 million of revenue for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively . 
 The LOGCAP V - Iraq Task Order is currently exercised through June 21, 2023, with three additional twelve-month options and one six-month option through December 21, 2026. The task order provides services to support the Geographical Combatant Commands and Army Service Component Commands throughout the full range of military operations in the Iraq region. The LOGCAP V - Iraq Task Order contributed 282.5 million and 209.0 million of revenue for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively . 
 On December 29, 2020, the U.S. Army announced that Vectrus Systems Corporation (VSC), our wholly-owned subsidiary was awarded an 859.7 million cost-plus-fixed-fee contract to continue OMDAC-SWACA. Work will be based in Kuwait with additional locations throughout Southeast Asia. On March 8, 2021, the U.S. government received a protest from a competitor, which was filed at the Government Accountability Office (GAO). The GAO decided the case and denied the protest on June 1, 2021. Subsequently, on July 13, 2021, the unsuccessful competitor filed a protest at the U.S. Court of Federal Claims (COFC). On August 15, 2022, the COFC dismissed the protest with prejudice. The estimated completion date of this contract is December 26, 2025. The OMDAC-SWACA contract contributed 122.7 million and 139.5 million of revenue for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively. 
 The K-BOSSS contract currently is exercised through August 28, 2023. Components of the K-BOSSS contract were re-competed as a task order under the LOGCAP V contract vehicle and were awarded to us on April 12, 2019. The K-BOSSS contract contributed 18.9 million and 282.2 million of revenue for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively. 
 
 Backlog 
 Total backlog includes remaining performance obligations, consisting of both funded backlog (firm orders for which funding is contractually authorized and appropriated by the customer) and unfunded backlog (firm orders for which funding is not currently contractually obligated by the customer and unexercised contract options). Total backlog excludes potential orders under IDIQ contracts and contracts awarded to us that are being protested by competitors with the GAO or in the U.S. COFC. The value of the backlog is based on anticipated revenue levels over the anticipated life of the contract. Actual values may be greater or less than anticipated. Total backlog is converted into revenue as work is performed. The level of order activity related to programs can be affected by the timing of government funding authorizations and their project evaluation cycles. Year-over-year comparisons could, at times, be impacted by these factors, among others. 
 Our contracts are multi-year contracts and typically include an initial period of one year or less with annual one-year (or less) option periods for the remaining contract period. The number of option periods vary by contract, and there is no guarantee that an option period will be exercised. The right to exercise an option period is at the sole discretion of the U.S. government when we are the prime contractor or of the prime contractor when we are a subcontractor. The U.S. government may also extend the term of a program by issuing extensions of bridge contracts, typically for periods of one year or less. 
 We expect to recognize a substantial portion of our funded backlog as revenue within the next 12 months. However, the U.S. government or the prime contractor may cancel any contract at any time through a termination for convenience. Most of our contracts have terms that would permit us to recover all or a portion of our incurred costs and fees for work performed in the event of a termination for convenience. 
 Total backlog increased by 7.3 billion in the year ended December 31, 2022 primarily due to the Merger. As of December 31, 2022, total backlog (funded and unfunded) was 12.3 billion as set forth in the following table: 
 As of December 31, (In millions) 2022 2021 Funded backlog 2,567 1,033 Unfunded backlog 9,695 3,972 Total backlog 12,262 5,005 
 Funded orders (different from funded backlog) represent orders for which funding was received during the period. We received funded orders of 2.6 billion during the year ended December 31, 2022, which was an increase of 771.3 million compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 Economic Opportunities, Challenges and Risks 
 The U.S. government s investment in services and capabilities in response to changing security challenges creates a complex and fluid business environment for V2X and other firms in this market. However, the U.S. continues to face substantial fiscal and economic challenges in addition to a varying political environment which could affect funding. The pace and depth of U.S. government acquisition reform and cost savings initiatives, combined with increased industry competitiveness to win long-term positions on key programs, could add pressure to revenue levels and profit margins. However, we expect the U.S. government will continue to place a high priority on national security and will continue to invest in affordable solutions. We believe that our capabilities, particularly in operations and logistics, aerospace, training and technology, should help our clients increase efficiency, reduce costs, improve readiness, and strengthen national security and, as a result, continue to allow for long-term profitable growth in our business. Further, the DoD budget remains the largest in the world and manag ement believes our addressable portion of the DoD budget offers substantial opportunity for growth. 
 The U.S. government's Fiscal Year (FY) begins on October 1 and ends on September 30. On December 29, 2022, the FY 2023 Omnibus Appropriations Act was signed into law by the President, providing 817 billion to the Defense Department. This reflects a 44 billion increase over the President s FY 2023 budget request. The Fiscal 2024 budget request is expected to be submitted by the President in March 2023. 
 Past congressional actions have suspended and increased the debt ceiling at various times but in January 2023, the current statutory debt ceiling limit of 31.4 trillion was reached. As a result, the Treasury Department began taking accounting measures to continue financing the U.S. government while avoiding a breach. However, it is expected the U.S. government will exhaust these measures and that statutory action will be needed in 2023 to increase or suspend the debt ceiling. 
 While it is difficult to predict the specific course of future defense budgets, we believe many of the core functions we perform are mission-essential and that spending to maintain readiness, improve performance, increase service life, lower cost, and modernize digital and physical environments will continue to be a U.S. government priority. Our focus is on providing integrated solutions across the mission lifecycle that encompass (i) high consequence training; (ii) readiness/logistics/deployment; (iii) mission and infrastructure support, including rapid response contingency efforts; (iv) battlefield connectivity and communications; (v) maintenance, modification, repair, and overhaul of assets and aircraft; (vi) and upgrades and modernization across digital and physical environments. We develop and insert operational technologies across our solutions to improve efficiency and the outcomes of our clients' missions. We believe this aligns with our clients' intent to utilize and harden existing equipment, infrastructure, and assets rather than executing new purchases. While customers may reduce the level of services required from us, we do not currently anticipate the complete elimination of these services. 
 However, business conditions have become more challenging due to macroeconomic conditions, including inflation and rising interest rates. Given the current pace of inflation and other geopolitical factors, we are monitoring the impact of rising costs on our active and future contracts. To date, we have not experienced broad-based increases due to inflation in the costs of our fixed-price and time and materials contracts that are material to the business as a whole; however, if we begin to experience greater than expected inflation in our supply chain and labor costs, our profit margins, and in particular, our profit margin from fixed-price and time and materials contracts, which represent a substantial portion of our contracts, could be adversely affected. See Item 1A, "Risk Factors". 
 On August 16, 2022, the U.S. government enacted the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, which includes, among other provisions, changes to the U.S. corporate income tax system. While we do not currently anticipate any impact on our business, we are continuing to evaluate the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 and its requirements, as well as any potential impact on our business in future. 
 The information provided above does not represent a complete list of trends and unc ertainties that could impact our business in either the near or long-term and should be considered along with the risk factors identified under the caption Risk Factors identified in Part 1, Item 1A in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 and the matters identified under the caption Forward-Looking Statement Information" herein. 
 37 

Table of Contents 

DISCUSSION OF FINANCIAL RESULTS 
 Year ended December 31, 2022, compared to Year ended December 31, 2021 
 Selected financial highlights are presented in the table below: 
 Year Ended December 31, Change (In thousands) 2022 2021 Revenue 2,890,860 1,783,665 1,107,195 62.1 Cost of revenue 2,595,848 1,623,245 972,603 59.9 of revenue 89.8 91.0 Selling, general and administrative expenses 239,241 98,400 140,841 143.1 of revenue 8.3 5.5 Operating income 55,771 62,020 (6,249) (10.1) Operating margin 1.9 3.5 Interest expense, net (61,879) (7,985) (53,894) 674.9 (Loss) income before taxes (6,108) 54,035 (60,143) (111.3) of revenue (0.2) 3.0 Income tax expense 8,222 8,307 (85) (1.0) Effective income tax rate (134.6) 15.4 Net (loss) income (14,330) 45,728 (60,058) (131.3) 
 Revenue 
 Our revenue increased by 1,107.2 million, or 62.1 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. Revenue increased 908.4 millio n due to the Merger and the remaining increase was from organic growth for legacy programs. Revenue from our U.S, Asia, Europe and Middle East programs increased by 916.0 million, 105.7 million, 61.7 million, and 23.8 million, respectively. 
 Cost of Revenue 
 Our cost of revenue increased by 972.6 million, or 59.9 , for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily due to increased revenue from the Merger and increased amortization of intangible assets. 
 Selling, General Administrative (SG A) Expenses 
 Our SG A expenses increased by 140.8 million, or 143.1 , for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily due to the Merger, including 39.9 million of acquisition-related costs. 
 Operating Income 
 Our operating income decreased by 6.2 million, or 10.1 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. Operating income as a percentage of revenue was 1.9 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 3.5 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease in operating income was primarily due to amortization of intangible assets and acquisition-related costs associated with the Merger. 
 Aggregate cumulative adjustments increased operating income by 13.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 and decreased operating income by 1.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The aggregate cumulative adjustments for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 related to changes in contract terms, program performance, customer changes in scope of work and changes to estimates in the reported period. Operating income was also impacted by labor mix and the cost differential between internal resources and subcontractors as well as the volume of other direct cost purchases. 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 Interest (Expense) Income, Net 
 Interest (expense) income, net for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was as follows: 
 Year Ended December 31, Change (In thousands) 2022 2021 Interest income 165 161 4 2.5 Interest expense (62,044) (8,146) (53,898) (661.6) Interest expense, net 
 (61,879) (7,985) (53,894) (674.9) 
 Interest income is directly related to interest earned on our cash. Interest expense is directly related to borrowings under our senior secured credit facilities, the amortization of debt issuance costs, and derivative instruments used to hedge a portion of our exposure to interest rate risk. The increase in interest expense of 53.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 was due to increased debt assumed with the Merger. 
 Income Tax Expense 
 We recorded income tax expense of 8.2 million and 8.3 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which represented effective income tax expense rates of (134.6) and 15.4 , for the respective years. The increase in the effective income tax rate for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 was due to increased non-deductible compensation, non-deductible transaction costs, foreign tax expenses, and state income tax expense which were partially offset by the release of prior year uncertain tax position and current year Foreign Derived Intangible Income (FDII) Deduction. 
 
 LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
 Liquidity 
 Historically, we have generated operating cash flow sufficient to fund our working capital, capital expenditures and financing requirements. We expect to fund our ongoing working capital, capital expenditure and financing requirements, and pursue additional growth through new business development and potential acquisition opportunities by using cash flows from operations, cash on hand, our credit facilities and the issuance of equity and/or debt securities as appropriate given market conditions. Our future cash needs are expected to include cash for operating activities, working capital, capital expenditures, strategic investments, and periodic principal and interest payments on our debt. 
 If our cash flows from operations are less than we expect, we may need to access the long-term or short-term capital markets. Although we believe that our current financing arrangements will permit us to finance our operations on acceptable terms and conditions, our access to and the availability of financing on acceptable terms and conditions in the future will be impacted by many factors, including: (i) our credit ratings or absence of a credit rating, (ii) the liquidity of the overall capital markets and (iii) the current state of the economy. We cannot provide assurance that such financing will be available to us on acceptable terms or that such financing will be available at all. 
 To date, COVID-19 has not had a significant impact on our liquidity, cash flows or capital resources. However, COVID-19 led to disruption and volatility in the global capital markets and global supply chain, which, depending on future developments, could impact our capital resources and liquidity in the future. 
 The CARES Act, signed into law in March 2020 in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, provided a deferral of payroll tax payments from which we benefited by deferring cash outlays of 16.8 million in 2020. This had the effect of increasing cash outlays for payroll taxes by 8.1 million during the first quarter of 2022. 
 On the Closing Date, the outstanding debt from the Amended Term Loan and the Amended Revolver, 50.2 million and 40.0 million, respectively, was repaid, with proceeds from the First Lien Incremental Term Tranche credit facility, and related guarantees and liens were discharged and released. For additional discussion of the Company s indebtedness, see Note 10, Debt, in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 In conjunction with the Merger, V2X assumed first and second lien debt of 1,182.7 million and 185.0 million, respectively. In addition, an ABL Credit Agreement was assumed that provides for the ABL Facility of up to an aggregate amount of 200.0 million in the ABL Loans. The Vertex ABL Credit Agreement also provides for (i) a 30.0 million sublimit of availability for letters of credit, and (ii) a 10.0 million sublimit for short-term borrowings on a swingline basis. The Company voluntarily prepaid 25.0 million of its second lien debt on December 30, 2022. 
 The Company recognized 39.9 million of M A-related costs that were expensed as incurred during 2022. These costs increased cash outlays for Merger related payments by 45.8 million during the year. 
 The cash presented on our Consolidated Balance Sheets consists of U.S. and international cash from wholly-owned subsidiaries. Approximately 25.5 million o f our tota l 116.1 million in unrestricted cash as of December 31, 2022 is held by our foreign subsidiaries and is not available to fund U.S. operations unless repatriated. We do not currently expect that we will 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 be required to repatriate undistributed earnings of foreign subsidiaries. We expect our U.S. domestic cash resources will be sufficient to fund our U.S. operating activities and cash commitments for financing activities. 
 Subsequent Events: Debt Refinancing 
 On February 28, 2023, Vertex Aerospace Services Corp. (the Borrower ), an indirect, wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, entered into a credit agreement (the Credit Agreement among the lenders identified therein and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent, collateral agent, swingline lender and letter of credit issuer. The Credit Agreement provides for 750 million in senior secured financing, with a first lien on substantially all the Borrower s assets, consisting of a 500 million five-year Revolving Credit Facility and a five-year 250 million Term Loan. The proceeds of these Credit Facilities were used to, among other things, (i) repay a portion of the First Lien Credit Agreement, (ii) repay the entire outstanding amount of the Second Lien Credit Agreement, and (iii) repay the entire outstanding ABL Credit Facility. 
 Sources and Uses of Liquidity 
 Cash, accounts receivable, unbilled receivables, and accounts payable are the principal components of our working capital and are generally driven by our level of revenue with other short-term fluctuations related to payment practices by our customers and the timing of our billings. Our receivables reflect amounts billed to our customers, as well as the revenue that was recognized in the preceding month, which is normally billed the month following each balance sheet date. 
 The total amount of our accounts receivable can vary significantly over time and is sensitive to revenue levels and the timing of payments received from our customers. Days sales outstanding (DSO) is a metric used to monitor accounts receivable levels. The Company determines its DSO by calculating the number of days necessary to exhaust its ending accounts receivable balance based on its most recent historical revenue. Our DSO was 68 and 75 as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 The following table sets forth net cash provided by (used in) operating activities, investing and financing activities. 
 Year Ended December 31, (In thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Operating activities 93,495 61,339 64,081 Investing activities 175,958 (12,643) (138,025) Financing activities (193,236) (75,585) 105,774 Foreign exchange 1,337 (3,325) 1,579 Net change in cash 77,554 (30,214) 33,409 
 
 Trends in our operating cash flows tend to follow trends in operating income, excluding non-cash charges and tax law changes such as the CARES Act. Net cash provided by operating activities increased for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, due primarily to the Merger. 
 Net cash provided by operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 consisted of cash inflows from non-cash income items of 100.6 million and a decrease in net working capital requirements of 47.7 million, partially offset by a net loss of 14.3 million and cash outflows for other non-current assets and liabilities of 40.5 million. 
 Net cash provided by operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2021 consisted of net income of 45.7 million and non-cash items of 25.9 million and a decrease in net working capital requirements of 3.1 million, partially offset by cash outflows deferred taxes of 7.3 million and other non-current assets and liabilities of approximately 6.1 million. 
 Net cash provided by investing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 consisted of 193.7 million of cash acquired in the Merger. This was partially offset by 12.4 million of net capital expenditures for the purchase of computer hardware and software, and equipment related to ongoing operations and 5.3 million of cash disbursed in a business disposition. 
 Net cash used in investing activities for the year ended December 31, 2021 consisted of 9.8 million of net capital expenditures for the purchase of computer hardware and software, intangible assets, and equipment and 3.1 million for a joint venture contribution. These outflows were partially offset by inflows from a 0.3 million business acquisition purchase price adjustment. 
 Net cash used in financing activities during the year ended December 31, 2022 consisted of repayments of long-term debt of 108.4 million, payment of debt issuance costs of 2.3 million and payments of 2.0 million for employee withholding taxes on share-based compensation. During 2022, we also borrowed and repaid 392.0 million and 472.9 million, respectively, on the Amended Revolver. These cash outflows were partially offset by 0.4 million received from the exercise of stock options. 
 Net cash used in financing activities during the year ended December 31, 2021 consisted of net repayments on the Amended Revolver of 65.0 million, long-term debt payments of 8.6 million, and payments of 2.4 million for employee 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 withholding taxes on share-based compensation. This was partially offset by 0.4 million received from the exercise of stock options. 
 Capital Resources 
 As of December 31, 2022, we held cash and cash equivalents of 116.1 million, which included 25.5 million held by foreign subsidiaries and had 184.4 million of available borrowing capacity under the ABL Facility, which expires on June 29, 2026. We believe that our cash as of December 31, 2022, as supplemented by cash flows from operations and our credit facilities, will be sufficient to fund our anticipated operating costs, capital expenditures and current debt repayment obligations for at least the next 12 months. 
 Contractual Obligations 
 Our commitments to make future payments under long-term contractual obligations were as follows, as of December 31, 2022: 
 Payments Due in Period (In thousands) Total Less than 1 Year 1 - 3 Years 3 - 5 Years More than 5 Years Operating leases 65,603 19,588 22,313 12,437 11,265 Principal payments on Vertex First Lien Credit Agreements 1,176,763 11,850 23,700 23,700 1,117,513 Principal payments on Vertex Second Lien Credit Agreement 160,000 160,000 Interest on Vertex First and Second Lien Credit Agreements 688,689 115,603 228,636 222,872 121,578 Total 2,091,055 147,041 274,649 259,009 1,410,356 Includes unused funds fee and is based on the December 31, 2022 interest rate and outstanding Credit Agreement balance 
 
 CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES 
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting periods. Estimates are revised as additional information becomes available. Management believes that the accounting estimates employed and the resulting balances are reasonable; however, actual results in these areas could differ from management's estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 
 Significant accounting policies used in the preparation of the Consolidated Financial Statements are discussed in Note 1, Description of Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies , in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We believe that the assumptions and estimates associated with revenue recognition, business combinations, goodwill impairment, intangible assets and income taxes have the greatest potential impact on our financial statements because they are inherently uncertain, involve significant judgments, and include areas where different estimates reasonably could materially impact the financial statements. We discuss below significant critical accounting policies. Management believes that the accounting estimates employed and the resulting balances are reasonable; however, actual results in these areas could differ from management's estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 
 Revenue Recognition 
 We account for revenue following the guidance in Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) Topic 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606). As a defense contractor engaging in long-term contracts, substantially all of our revenue is derived from long-term service contracts. The unit of account for revenue in ASC Topic 606 is a performance obligation. A performance obligation is a promise in a contract to transfer a distinct good or service to the customer. A contract s transaction price is allocated to each distinct performance obligation and recognized as revenue when, or as, the performance obligation is satisfied. To determine the proper revenue recognition method, consideration is given as to whether a single contract should be accounted for as more than one performance obligation. For most of our contracts, the customer contracts with us to perform an integrated set of tasks and deliverables as a single service solution, whereby each service is not separately identifiable from other promises in the contract and therefore is not distinct. As a result, when an integrated set of tasks exists, the contract is accounted for as one performance obligation. Unexercised contract options and IDIQ contracts are considered to be separate performance obligations when the option or IDIQ task order is exercised or awarded. Our performance obligations are satisfied over time as services are provided throughout the contract term. We recognize revenue over time using the input method (e.g., costs incurred to date relative to total estimated costs at completion) to measure 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 progress. Our over time recognition is reinforced by the fact that our customers simultaneously receive and consume the benefits of our services as they are performed. 
 Accounting for contracts and programs involves the use of various techniques to estimate total contract revenue and costs. For contracts, we estimate the profit on a contract as the difference between the total estimated revenue and expected costs to complete a contract and recognize that profit over the life of the contract. When the estimates of total costs to be incurred on a contract exceed total estimates of the total revenue to be earned on the contract, a provision for the entire loss is determined at the contract level and recognized in the period in which the loss was determined. 
 Contract estimates are based on various assumptions to project the outcome of future events. These assumptions include labor productivity and availability, the complexity of the services being performed, the cost and availability of materials, the performance of subcontractors, and the availability and timing of funding from the customer. 
 The nature of our contracts gives rise to several types of variable consideration, including award and incentive fees, inspection of supplies and services, undefinitized change orders, and fluctuation in allowable indirect reimbursable costs. We include award or incentive fees in the estimated transaction price when there is certainty and a basis to reasonably estimate the amount of the fee. These estimates are based on historical award experience, anticipated performance and our best judgment at the time. The inspection of supplies and services is a factor because the U.S. government can reduce the transaction price if we do not perform the services in compliance with contract requirements. Variable consideration associated with undefinitized change orders is included to the extent that related estimated costs have been included in the expected costs to complete a contract. The fluctuation of allowable indirect reimbursable costs is a factor because the U.S. government has the right to review our accounting records and retroactively adjust the reimbursable rate. Any prior adjustments are reflected in the U.S. government reserve amounts recorded in our financial statements. We estimate variable consideration at the most likely amount that we expect to be entitled to receive. Refer to Note 15, Commitments and Contingencies, in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further discussion regarding U.S. government reserve amounts. 
 As a significant change in one or more of these estimates could affect the profitability of our contracts, we review and update our contract estimates regularly. We recognize adjustments in estimated profit on executed contracts cumulatively. The impact of the adjustments on profit recorded to date is recognized in the period the adjustment is identified. Revenue and profit in future periods of contract performance are recognized using the adjusted estimate. If at any time the estimate of contract profitability indicates an anticipated loss on the contract, we recognize the total loss in the quarter it is identified. 
 Contracts are often modified to account for changes in contract specifications and requirements. If the modification either creates new enforceable rights and obligations or changes the existing enforceable rights and obligations, the modification will be treated as a separate contract. Our contract modifications, except for those to exercise option years, have historically not been distinct from the existing contract and have been accounted for as if they were part of that existing contract. 
 The timing of revenue recognition, billings and cash collections results in billed and unbilled accounts receivable (contract assets) and customer advances and deposits (contract liabilities) on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Amounts are billed as work progresses in accordance with agreed-upon contractual terms at periodic intervals (e.g., biweekly or monthly). Generally, billing occurs subsequent to revenue recognition, resulting in contract assets. However, we may receive advances or deposits from our customers, before revenue is recognized, resulting in contract liabilities. These advance billings and payments are not considered significant financing components because they are frequently intended to fund current operating expenses under the contract. These assets and liabilities are reported on the Consolidated Balance Sheets on a contract-by-contract basis at the end of each reporting period. 
 See Note 1, Description of Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, and Note 4, Revenue , in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further discussion. 
 Business Combinations, Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets 
 The purchase price of an acquired business is allocated to the tangible assets, financial assets and separately recognized intangible assets acquired less liabilities assumed based upon their respective fair values, with the excess recorded as goodwill. Determining the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed requires significant judgment, which includes, among other factors, analysis of historical performance and estimates of future performance. These factors may cause final amounts to differ materially from original estimates. In some cases, we use discounted cash flow analyses, which are based on our best estimate of future revenue, earnings and cash flows as well as our discount rate adjusted for risk. 
 Goodwill is not amortized, but instead is tested for impairment annually (or more frequently if impairment indicators arise, such as changes to the reporting unit structure or significant adverse changes in the business climate). We conduct our annual impairment testing as of the beginning of the fourth fiscal quarter. In reviewing goodwill for impairment, we have the option to first assess qualitative factors to determine whether the existence of events or circumstances leads to a determination that it is more likely than not that the estimated fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. If we elect to perform a qualitative assessment and determine that an impairment is more likely than not, we then perform a 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 quantitative impairment test as described below. Otherwise, no further analysis is required. We also may elect not to perform the qualitative assessment and, instead, proceed directly to the quantitative impairment test. 
 For the quantitative impairment test we compare the estimated fair value of a reporting unit to its carrying value, including goodwill. If the estimated fair value of the reporting unit exceeds its carrying value, goodwill of the reporting unit is not impaired. If the carrying value of the reporting unit, including goodwill, exceeds its estimated fair value, a goodwill impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to that excess limited to the total amount of goodwill allocated to that reporting unit while taking into consideration the related income tax effect from any tax-deductible goodwill. 
 For 2022 and 2021, we used the qualitative approach to assess goodwill for impairment. No impairment charges related to goodwill were recorded during 2022 and 2021. 
 We recognize acquired intangible assets apart from goodwill whenever the intangible assets arise from contractual or other legal rights, or whenever they can be separated or divided from the acquired entity and sold, transferred, licensed, rented or exchanged, either individually or in combination with a related contract, asset or liability. Such intangibles are amortized over their estimated useful lives unless the estimated useful life is determined to be indefinite. Amortizable intangible assets are being amortized over useful lives of four to eight years. The straight-line method of amortization is used as it has been determined to approximate the use pattern of the assets. 
 Income Taxes 
 We determine the provision or benefit for income taxes using the asset and liability approach. Under this approach, deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on temporary differences between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities, applying enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which we expect the differences will reverse. Based on the evaluation of available evidence, we recognize future tax benefits, such as net operating loss carryforwards, to the extent that we believe it is more likely than not we will realize these benefits. We periodically assess the likelihood that we will be able to recover our deferred tax assets and reflect any changes to our estimate of the amount we are more likely than not to realize in the valuation allowance, with a corresponding adjustment to earnings or other comprehensive income (loss), as appropriate. 
 Our effective tax rate reflects the impact of certain undistributed foreign earnings for which we have not recognized U.S. taxes because we plan to reinvest such earnings indefinitely outside the U.S. We plan foreign earnings remittance amounts based on projected cash flow needs, as well as the working capital and long-term investment requirements of our foreign subsidiaries and our domestic operations. Based on these assumptions, we estimate the amount we will distribute to the U.S. and recognize the U.S. federal taxes due only on these amounts. Material changes in our estimates of cash, working capital and long-term investment requirements in the various jurisdictions in which we do business could impact our actual remittance amounts and, accordingly, our effective tax rate. 
 The calculation of our tax liabilities involves uncertainties in the application of complex tax regulations in a multitude of jurisdictions across our global operations. We recognize potential liabilities and record tax liabilities for anticipated tax audit issues in the U.S. and other tax jurisdictions based on our estimate of whether, and the extent to which, additional taxes will be due. Furthermore, we recognize the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities, based on the technical merits of the position. The tax benefits recognized in the financial statements from such a position are measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than 50 likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement. 
 We adjust our liability for unrecognized tax benefits in light of changing facts and circumstances; however, due to the complexity of some of these uncertainties, the ultimate resolution may result in a payment that is materially different from our current estimate of the tax liabilities. If our estimate of tax liabilities proves to be less than the ultimate assessment, an additional tax expense would result. If a payment of these amounts ultimately proves to be less than the recorded amounts, the reversal of the liabilities would result in tax benefits being recognized in the period when we determine the liabilities are no longer necessary to be provided. 
 New Accounting Standards Updates 
 See Part II, Item 8, Note 2, Recent Accounting Standards Updates , in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for information regarding accounting standards updates. 
 
 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 Our earnings, cash flows and financial position are exposed to market risks relating to fluctuations in interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates. All of the potential changes noted below are based on information available as of December 31, 2022. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 Each one percentage point change associated with the variable rate Vertex First Lien Credit Agreement and Vertex Second Lien Credit Agreement would result in a 13.4 million change in our related annual cash interest expenses. 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 Assuming our ABL Facility was fully drawn to a principal amount equal to 200.0 million, each one percentage point change in interest rates would result in a 2.0 million change in our annual cash interest expense. 
 In the past, we entered into interest rate swap derivative instruments to manage our exposure to interest rate risk related to our Amended Term Loan. On June 29, 2022, in conjunction with our planned extinguishment of the related hedged debt interest expense, we terminated our remaining interest rate swaps that were designated and qualified as effective cash flow hedges. For additional information regarding our derivative instruments, see Note 11, Derivative Instruments, in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K . 
 Foreign Currency Exchange Risk 
 The majority of our business is conducted in U.S. dollars. However, we are required to transact in foreign currencies for some of our contracts, resulting in some assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies. As a result, our earnings may experience volatility related to movements in foreign currency exchange rates. In the past, we entered into forward foreign exchange contracts to buy or sell various foreign currencies to selectively protect against volatility in the value of non-functional currency denominated monetary assets and liabilities. The impact of the related contracts on our Consolidated Statements of Income and our Consolidated Balance Sheets was immaterial and related hedging was discontinued. Our forward contracts expired in January 2022 and no such contracts are outstanding as of December 31, 2022. 
 For additional information on our interest rate and foreign currency hedge contracts, refer to Note 11, Derivative Instruments , in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 See Index to Consolidated Financial Statements herein. 
 
 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 The Company's management, with the participation of the Company's Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of the Company's disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of December 31, 2022. Based on such evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed in reports the Company files or submits under the Exchange Act is (i) recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms, and (ii) accumulated and communicated to management to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 As discussed in Part I, Item 1, Business of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the Company completed the Merger with Vertex on July 5, 2022. As permitted by interpretive guidance for newly acquired businesses issued by the SEC Staff, management has excluded the internal control over financial reporting (ICFR) of Vertex and its consolidated subsidiaries from the evaluation of the Company's effectiveness of its disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022. Since the date of Merger, Vertex's financial results are included in the Company's Consolidated Financial Statements. Total assets, excluding goodwill and intangible assets, and revenues of Vertex that were excluded from management's assessment constitute 45.1 of the Company's consolidated total assets, excluding goodwill and intangible assets as of December 31, 2022 and 31.4 of consolidated total revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022. As part of our post-closing integration activities, we are engaged in the process of assessing the internal controls. The Company has begun to integrate policies, processes, people, technology and operations for the post-acquisition combined company, and it will continue to evaluate the impact of any related changes to ICFR. 
 Other than the items discussed above, there were no changes in our ICFR that occurred during the year ended December 31, 2022, that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our ICFR. 
 Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate ICFR, as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) of the Exchange Act. Our management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our ICFR based on the framework in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework). 
 Based on this evaluation, management concluded that our ICFR was effective as of December 31, 2022. Management reviewed the results of its assessment with our Audit Committee. 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 The effectiveness of the Company s ICFR as of December 31, 2022 was audited by RSM US LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report included herein. 
 Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls and Procedures 
 In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. In addition, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there may be resource constraints and that management is required to apply its judgment in evaluating the benefits of possible controls and procedures relative to their costs. 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of V2X, Inc. 

Opinion on the Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited V2X, Inc.'s (the Company) internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in 2013. In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in 2013. 
 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheet of the Company as of December 31, 2022, the related consolidated statements of (loss) income, comprehensive (loss) income, changes in shareholders equity and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes to the consolidated financial statements of the Company and our report dated March 2, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion. 
 
 As described in Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting, management has excluded Vertex Aerospace Services Holding Corp. from its assessment of internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, because it was acquired by the Company in a purchase business combination in the third quarter of 2022. We have also excluded Vertex Aerospace Services Holding Corp. from our audit of internal control over financial reporting. Vertex Aerospace Services Holding Corp. is a wholly owned subsidiary whose total assets, excluding goodwill and intangible assets, and revenues represent approximately 45.1 and 31.4 , respectively, of the related consolidated financial statement amounts as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 A company's internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company's internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 /s/ RSM US LLP 
 
 McLean, Virginia 
 March 2, 2023 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 None . 
 
 ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 Not applicable. 
 
 PART III 
 
 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 The information called for by Item 10 is incorporated herein by reference to the definitive proxy statement for the Company s 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders (the 2023 Proxy Statement) to be filed within 120 days after the Company's fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, except that the information called for by Item 10 with respect to executive officers is set forth in Part I, Item 1, "Business" in this Annual Report on Form 10-K . 
 
 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 The information called for by Item 11 is incorporated herein by reference to the 2023 Proxy Statement. 
 
 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 The information called for by Item 12 is incorporated herein by reference to the 2023 Proxy Statement. 
 
 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 The information called for by Item 13 is incorporated herein by reference to the 2023 Proxy Statement. 
 
 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 The information called for by Item 14 is incorporated herein by reference to the 2023 Proxy Statement. 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 PART IV 
 
 ITEM 15. EXHIBIT AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 (a) Documents filed as a part of this report: 
 1. See Index to Consolidated Financial Statements appearing on page F-1 for a list of the financial statements filed as a part of this report. 
 2. Exhibits 
 2.1 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of March 7, 2022, by and among Vectrus, Inc., Vertex Aerospace Services Holding Corp., Andor Merger Sub LLC and Andor Merger Sub Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 7, 2022) 
 2.2 
 Share Purchase Agreement, dated as of December 28, 2020, among Vectrus Systems Corporation, Zenetex LLC, ZTX Holdings, LLC, and the persons named on the signature pages thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 29, 2020) 
 3.1 
 Second Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of V2X, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 5, 2022) 
 3.2 
 Second Amended and Restated Bylaws of V2X, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 5, 2022) 
 4.1 
 Shareholders Agreement, dated as of July 5, 2022, by and among Vectrus, Inc. and the shareholders that are party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 5, 2022) 
 4.2 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of July 5, 2022, by and among Vectrus, Inc. and the shareholders that are party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 5, 2022) 
 4.3 
 Description of the Company s securities + 
 10.1 
 Management Services Agreement, dated as of July 5, 2022, by and between Vectrus, Inc. and AIP, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 5, 2022) 
 10.2 
 Amendment No. 2, dated as of January 24, 2022, by and among Vectrus, Inc., an Indiana corporation, as Holdings, Vectrus Systems Corporation, a Delaware corporation, as the Borrower, the other Loan Parties party thereto, the Lenders and Issuing Banks party thereto, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 27, 2022) 
 10.3 
 Guaranty of Lease, dated September 30, 2021, by Vectrus Systems Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 6, 2021) 
 10.4 
 Distribution Agreement by and between Vectrus, Inc. and Exelis Inc. dated as of September 25, 2014 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of Exelis Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 29, 2014) 
 10.5 
 Technology License Agreement between Vectrus, Inc. and Exelis Inc. dated as of September 25, 2014 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 of Exelis Inc.'s Form 8-K Current Report filed on September 29, 2014) 
 10.6 
 First Lien Credit Agreement, dated as of the December 6, 2021 (as amended by Amendment No 1., dated as of July 5, 2022), by and among Vertex Aerospace Service Corp., Vertex Aerospace Intermediate LLC, the lenders from time to time party thereto and Royal Bank of Canada, as administrative agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 5, 2022) 
 10.7 
 Second Lien Credit Agreement, dated as of December 6, 2021, by and among Vertex Aerospace Service Corp., Vertex Aerospace Intermediate LLC, the lenders from time to time party thereto and Royal Bank of Canada, as administrative agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 5, 2022) 
 10.8 
 ABL Credit Agreement, dated as of June 29, 2018 (as amended by the First Amendment to ABL Credit Agreement, dated as of May 17, 2019, as further amended by the Second Amendment to ABL Credit Agreement, dated as of May 17, 2021, and as further amended by the Third Amendment to ABL Credit Agreement, dated as of December 6, 2021, as further amended by the Fourth Amendment to ABL Credit Agreement, dated as of July 5, 2022), by and among Vertex Aerospace Service Corp., Vertex Aerospace Intermediate LLC, certain other subsidiaries of Vertex Borrower from time to time party thereto as co-borrowers, the lenders from time to time party thereto and Ally Bank, as administrative agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 5, 2022) 
 10.9 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 5, 2022) 
 10.1 0 
 Amended and Restated Form of Indemnification Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 19, 2022) 
 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 10.11 
 Prow Letter Agreement, dated November 30, 2016, between the Company and Charles L. Prow (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.01 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 6, 2016) 
 10.12 
 Deagle Employment Letter, dated March 13, 2017, between Vectrus, Inc. and Susan L. Deagle (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Vectrus, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 3, 2018) 
 10.13 
 Lynch Letter Agreement, dated July 7, 2019 between Vectrus, Inc. and Susan D. Lynch (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Vectrus, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 5, 2019) 
 10.14 
 Boyle Letter Agreement, dated October 3, 2018 between the Company and Kevin T. Boyle + 
 10.15 
 Shreves Letter Agreement, dated September 29, 2017 between the Company and Kenneth W. Shreves + 
 10.16 
 Separation Agreement and Complete Release of Liability, dated January 6, 2023 between the Company and John E. Boyington + 
 10.17 
 Vectrus Systems Corporation Excess Savings Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 16, 2015) 
 10.18 
 Vectrus, Inc. Severance Plan, as amended and restated as of October 6, 2015 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Vectrus, Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 4, 2015) 
 10.19 
 Vectrus, Inc. Special Senior Executive Severance Pay Plan, as amended and restated as of February 24, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.27 to Vectrus, Inc.'s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 7, 2022) 
 10.20 
 Vectrus, Inc. Senior Executive Severance Pay Plan, as Amended and Restated as of November 9, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.01 to Vectrus, Inc.'s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 10, 2016) 
 10.21 
 V2X, Inc. Second Amended and Restated 2014 Omnibus Plan (incorporated by reference to Appendix A to the Company s Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed on September 13, 2022) 
 10.22 
 Form of Vectrus, Inc. 2014 Omnibus Incentive Plan - Nonqualified Stock Option Award Agreement - General Grant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.23 to Vectrus, Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 10, 2014) 
 10.23 
 Form of Vectrus, Inc. 2014 Omnibus Incentive Plan - Restricted Stock Unit Agreement - General Grant - Stock Settled (for awards on or after October 6, 2015) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to Vectrus, Inc.'s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 4, 2015) 
 10.24 
 Form of Vectrus, Inc. 2014 Omnibus Incentive Plan - Restricted Stock Unit Agreement - General Grant - Cash Settled (for awards on or after October 6, 2015) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to Vectrus, Inc.'s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 4, 2015) 
 10.25 
 Form of Vectrus, Inc. 2014 Omnibus Incentive Plan - Nonqualified Stock Option Award Agreement - General Grant (for awards on or after October 6, 2015) incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to Vectrus, Inc.'s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 4, 2015) 
 10.26 
 Form of Vectrus, Inc. 2014 Omnibus Incentive Plan - TSR Award Agreement (for awards on or after October 6, 2015) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to Vectrus, Inc.'s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 4, 2015) 
 10.27 
 Description of Non-Management Director Annual Compensation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Vectrus, Inc.'s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 11, 2021) 
 10.28 
 Form of replacement Restricted Unit Agreement under the Vectrus, Inc. 2014 Omnibus Incentive Plan + 
 21 
 Subsidiaries of the Company+ 
 23 
 Consent of RSM US LLP + 
 23.1 
 Consent of Deloitte Touche LLP+ 
 31.1 
 Certification pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002+ 
 31.2 
 Certification pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002+ 
 32.1 
 Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. This Exhibit is intended to be furnished in accordance with Regulation S-K Item 601(b)(32)(ii) and shall not be deemed to be filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 or incorporated by reference into any future filing under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference.+ 
 32.2 
 Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. This Exhibit is intended to be furnished in accordance with Regulation S-K Item 601(b)(32)(ii) and shall not be deemed to be filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 or incorporated by reference into any future filing under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference.+ 
 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 101 The following materials from V2X, Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, formatted in Inline Extensible Business Reporting Language ("Inline XBRL"): (i) Consolidated Statements of Income, (ii) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income, (iii) Consolidated Balance Sheets, (iv) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, (v) Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity, and (vi) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.# 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted in Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) # 
 
 Indicates management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 + Indicates this document is filed as an exhibit herewith. 
 # Submitted electronically with this report. 
 
 The Company s Commission File Number for Reports on Form 10-K, Form 10-Q and Form 8-K is 001-36341. 
 
 (b) Financial Statement Schedules are omitted because of the absence of the conditions under which they are required or because the required information is included in the Consolidated Financial Statements filed as part of this report. 
 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 
 V2X, INC. 
 Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Page No. Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB: ID 
 F- 2 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB: ID 
 F- 4 
 Consolidated Statements of (Loss) Income F- 5 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive (Loss) Income F- 6 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets F- 7 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows F- 8 
 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity F- 9 
 Note 1. Description of Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies F- 10 
 Note 2. Recent Accounting Standards Updates F- 15 
 Note 3. Merger and Acquisitions F- 15 
 Note 4. Revenue F- 18 
 Note 5. Receivables F- 20 
 Note 6. (Loss) Earnings Per Share F- 21 
 Note 7. Property, Plant and Equipment, Net F- 21 
 Note 8. Goodwill and Intangible Assets F- 21 
 Note 9. Composition of Certain Financial Statement Captions F- 22 
 Note 10. Debt F- 23 
 Note 11. Derivative Instruments F- 27 
 Note 12. Leases F- 27 
 Note 13. Income Taxes F- 28 
 Note 14. Post-Employment Benefit Plans F- 31 
 Note 15. Commitments and Contingencies F- 32 
 Note 16. Stock-Based Compensation F- 33 
 Note 17. Shareholders' Equity F- 35 
 Note 18. Subsequent Events F- 36 
 
 F-1 

Table of Contents 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of V2X, Inc. 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of V2X, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022, the related consolidated statements of (loss) income, comprehensive (loss) income, shareholders equity and cash flows, for the year then ended, and the related notes (collectively, the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year then ended in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in 2013, and our report dated March 2, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
 
 Revenue Recognition 
 As described in Notes 1, 4 and 5 of the consolidated financial statements, the Company recognizes revenue derived from contracts over time. For the year ended December 31, 2022, revenue was 2,890.9 million. Accounting for contracts and programs involves the use of various techniques to estimate total contract revenue and costs. For contracts, management estimates the profit on a contract as the difference between the total estimated revenue and expected costs to complete a contract and recognizes that profit over the life of the contract. Contract estimates are based on assumptions to project the outcome of future events. These assumptions include labor productivity and availability, the complexity of the services being performed, the cost and availability of materials, the performance of subcontractors, and negotiations with the customer on contract modifications. 
 
 We have identified the assessment of the total estimated costs to complete a contract in order to accurately recognize the associated revenue on contracts in process as a critical audit matter because of the significant assumptions management makes in determining the costs and revenues related to the performance obligations. Auditing management s judgments related to Company s contracts involves a high degree of auditor judgment and increased audit effort due to the volume and complexity of contracts and the assumptions related to total revenue and costs. 
 
 Our audit procedures related to management s estimates of total revenue and costs for the performance obligations used to recognize revenue included the following, among others: 
 We obtained an understanding of the relevant controls related to revenue recognition and costs and tested such controls for design and operating effectiveness, including management s controls over the estimation of total contract costs to be incurred to complete uncompleted contracts. 
 F-2 

Table of Contents 

 We selected a sample of contracts and performed the following for each contract: 
 Evaluated whether the contract was properly included in management s calculation based on the terms and conditions, including whether the customers simultaneously receive and consume the benefits of the Company s services. 
 Evaluated the Company s identification of performance obligations by evaluating whether the services to be performed under the contract were capable of being distinct or an integrated set of tasks and deliverables as a single solution. 
 Compared the transaction prices to the consideration expected to be received under the contract, including all executed contract modifications that were agreed upon with the customers. 
 Evaluated the estimates of total revenue and costs for the performance obligations as follows: 
 Tested the mathematical accuracy of management s calculation of revenue for the performance obligation. 
 Evaluated performance obligations and the associated estimate of profitability at completion as prepared by management and compared it to the recorded cost and revenue. 
 Evaluated management s ability to estimate total costs and revenue accurately by comparing actual costs and profits to management s historical estimates for performance obligations that have been fulfilled. 
 Evaluated performance obligation results occurring after the measurement period and, when applicable, understood changes to the estimate and impacts on the measurement period. 
 We performed analytical procedures over contract margins by comparing the current year results to prior results and to post-close results. 
 
 Fair Value Estimation of Certain Customer-Related and Contractual Intangible Assets Acquired in Business Combination 
 As described in the Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements, on July 5, 2022, Vectrus, Inc. merged with Vertex Aerospace Services Corp forming V2X for total consideration of 634.0 million. The Company conducted valuations of certain intangible assets as of the date of acquisition, including customer-related and contractual intangible assets of 480 million. The Company used an income approach in its valuation of intangible assets, which is a method of using discounted cash flows. The model requires management to make significant assumptions, which include revenue growth rates and the selection of an appropriate discount rate. 
 
 We identified the fair value determination of certain customer-related and contractual intangible assets as a critical audit matter due to the high degree of auditor judgment and subjectivity in applying audit procedures relating to the fair value measurement of the intangible assets acquired. Increased audit effort was required in performing procedures and evaluating the significant assumptions relating to the estimate, including the use of valuation specialists. 
 
 Our audit procedures related to management s estimates for the fair value of customer-related intangible assets acquired in business combination included the following, among others: 
 We obtained an understanding of the relevant controls related to the valuation of customer-related and contractual intangible assets and tested design and operating effectiveness, including management s controls for identifying the intangible assets, determining forecasts of future cash flows and selecting the discount rate. 
 We tested the completeness and accuracy of the underlying data used in the fair value models which included inspecting contractual documents and comparing projected cash flows to both historical actual results and industry data. 
 With the assistance of our valuation specialists, we evaluated the reasonableness of the (1) valuation methodology and (2) discount rate by testing the source information underlying the determination of the discount rate and testing the mathematical accuracy of the calculation. 
 We performed sensitivity analyses over assumptions used in the fair value calculations, to evaluate the risk associated with a change in assumptions to the recorded fair value of the customer-related intangible assets. 
 We evaluated the adequacy of the Company s financial statement disclosures related to the acquisition. 
 
 /s/ US LLP 
 
 We have served as the Company's auditor since 2022. 

March 2, 2023 

F-3 

Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 To the shareholders and the Board of Directors of V2X, Inc. 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of V2X, Inc. (formerly Vectrus, Inc.) and subsidiaries (the "Company") as of December 31, 2021, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, shareholders' equity, and cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2021 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ 

March 7, 2022 
 
 We began serving as the Company s auditor in 2013. In 2022 we became the predecessor auditor. 
 
 F-4 

Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 V2X, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF (LOSS) INCOME 
 Year Ended December 31, (In thousands, except per share data) 2022 2021 2020 Revenue Cost of revenue Selling, general and administrative expenses Operating income Interest expense, net ) ) ) (Loss) income from operations before income taxes ) Income tax expense Net (loss) income (Loss) earnings per share Basic ) Diluted ) Weighted average common shares outstanding basic Weighted average common shares outstanding diluted 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 F-5 

Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 

V2X, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE (LOSS) INCOME 
 Year Ended December 31, (In thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Net (loss) income ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax Changes in derivative instrument: Net change in fair value of interest rate swaps ) Net change in fair value of foreign currency forwards ) Tax benefit Net change in derivative instrument ) Foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) Total comprehensive (loss) income ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 F-6 

Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 V2X, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 December 31, (In thousands, except per share data) 2022 2021 Assets Current assets Cash and cash equivalents Receivables Prepaid expenses Other current assets Total current assets Property, plant, and equipment, net Goodwill Intangible assets, net Right-of-use assets Other non-current assets Total non-current assets Total Assets Liabilities and Shareholders' Equity Current liabilities Accounts payable Compensation and other employee benefits Short-term debt Other accrued liabilities Total current liabilities Long-term debt, net Deferred tax liabilities Operating lease liabilities Other non-current liabilities Total non-current liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 15) Shareholders' Equity Preferred stock; par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding 
 Common stock; par value; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 Additional paid in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Total shareholders' equity Total Liabilities and Shareholders' Equity 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 F-7 

Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 V2X, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 Year Ended December 31, (In thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Operating activities Net (loss) income ) Adjustments to reconcile net (loss) income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation expense Amortization of intangible assets Loss (gain) on disposal of property, plant, and equipment ) Stock-based compensation Amortization of debt issuance costs Gain on disposition of business ) Changes in assets and liabilities: Receivables ) ) Prepaid expenses ) ) ) Other assets ) ) Accounts payable ) Deferred taxes ) ) ) Compensation and other employee benefits Other liabilities ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities Investing activities Purchases of capital assets and intangibles ) ) ) Proceeds from the disposition of assets Acquisition of business, net of cash acquired ) Disposition of business ) Distributions from (contributions to) joint venture ) Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities ) ) Financing activities Repayments of long-term debt ) ) ) Proceeds from revolver Repayments of revolver ) ) ) Proceeds from exercise of stock options Payment of debt issuance costs ) ) ) Payments of employee withholding taxes on share-based compensation ) ) ) Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities ) ) Exchange rate effect on cash ) Net change in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash beginning of year Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash end of year Supplemental Disclosure of Cash Flow Information: Interest paid Income taxes paid Non-cash investing activities: Purchase of capital assets on account Common stock issued for business acquisition 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 F-8 

Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 V2X, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY 
 Common Stock Issued Additional Paid-in Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Total Shareholders' Equity (In thousands) Shares Amount Balance at December 31, 2019 ) Net income Foreign currency translation adjustments Unrealized gain on cash flow hedge ) ) Employee stock awards and stock options Conversion of liability-based stock compensation awards to equity-based stock compensation awards Taxes withheld on stock compensation awards ) ) Stock-based compensation Balance at December 31, 2020 ) Net income Foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) Unrealized loss on cash flow hedge Employee stock awards and stock options Taxes withheld on stock compensation awards ) ) Stock-based compensation Balance at December 31, 2021 ) Net loss ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) Unrealized loss on cash flow hedge Employee stock awards and stock options Issuance of common stock in connection with a business combination Taxes withheld on stock compensation awards ) ) Stock-based compensation Balance at December 31, 2022 ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 F-9 

Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 V2X, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 NOTE 1 
 segment and delivers a comprehensive suite of integrated solutions across the operations and logistics, aerospace, training and technology markets to national security, defense, civilian and international clients. 
 Vectrus was incorporated in the State of Indiana in February 2014. On September 27, 2014, Exelis Inc, an Indiana corporation, spun-off (the Spin-off) Vectrus and Vectrus became an independent, publicly traded company. References herein to "Exelis" or "Former Parent" refer to Exelis Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries (other than Vectrus). Exelis was acquired by a predecessor entity of L3Harris Technologies, Inc. in May 2015. 
 On March 7, 2022, Vectrus entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement) with Vertex Aerospace Services Holding Corp., a Delaware corporation (Vertex), Andor Merger Sub Inc., a Delaware corporation and Andor Merger Sub LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. On July 5, 2022 (the Closing Date), Vectrus completed its merger (Merger) thereby forming V2X, Inc. For a description of the Merger, see Note 3, Merger and Acquisitions . 
 Unless the context otherwise requires or unless stated otherwise, references in these notes to "V2X", "we," "us," "our," combined company , "the Company" and "our Company" refer to V2X, Inc. and all of its consolidated subsidiaries (including, subsequent to the Merger, Vertex and its consolidated subsidiaries), taken together as a whole. 
 , and shares, respectively, of income or losses from HDSS, J J and ServCore in selling, general and administrative expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Income. Our investment in these joint ventures is recorded in other non-current assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 When we receive cash distributions from our equity method investments, the cash distribution is compared to cumulative earnings and cumulative cash distributions. Cash distributions received are recorded as a return on investment in operating cash flows within the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows to the extent cumulative cash distributions are less than cumulative earnings. Any cash distributions in excess of cumulative earnings are recorded as a return of investment in investing cash flows within the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, our combined investment balance in these joint ventures was million and million, respectively. Our proportionate share of income from HDSS, J J and ServCore joint ventures was million , million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 F-10 

Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 

segment based upon the information used by the chief operating decision maker in evaluating the performance of the Company s business and allocating resources and capital. Although we perform services worldwide, substantially all of our revenue for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was from the U.S. government. 
 F-11 

Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 

million which included million of restricted cash related to collateral security for an outstanding letter of credit. The Company's restricted cash was immaterial at December 31, 2022 and we had no restricted cash at December 31, 2021. 

F-12 

Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Machinery, equipment and vehicles 
 Office furniture and equipment, computers and software 

. The straight-line method of amortization is used as it has been determined to approximate the use pattern of the assets. 
 or more options to renew or terminate the lease, solely at our discretion. Such options are factored into the lease term when it is reasonably certain that we will exercise the option. Lease expense for lease payments is recognized on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease. 
 As allowed under ASC Topic 842, the Company elected the package of practical expedients permitted under the transition guidance which allowed the Company to carry forward the historical lease classification, assessment of whether a contract was or contained a lease and assessment of initial direct costs. In addition, we have made policy elections to apply the short-term leases practical expedient, whereby leases with a term of 12 months or less are not recorded on our balance 
 F-13 

Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 

F-14 

Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 NOTE 2 

NOTE 3 
 million and net loss of million for the period from the Closing Date until December 31, 2022. 
 The Company recognized million of acquisition-related costs that were expensed as incurred during the year ended December 31, 2022. These costs are included in selling, general and administrative expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 Purchase Price Allocation 
 The Merger is accounted for as a business combination. As such, the assets acquired and liabilities assumed are accounted for at fair value, with the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of the net identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed recorded as goodwill. 
 F-15 

Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 million, which was comprised of the following: 
 in thousands, except share and per share amounts) Purchase Price Shares of V2X common stock issued Market price per share of V2X as of Closing Date Fair value of common shares issued Fair value of cash consideration Total consideration transferred 
 Receivables Prepaid expenses Property, plant, and equipment Intangible assets Other non-current assets Right-of-use assets Accounts payable ) Debt ) Compensation and other employee benefits ) Other current and non-current liabilities ) Total identifiable net assets ) Goodwill Total purchase consideration 
 As a result of the Merger, the Company recognized million of goodwill. The goodwill recognized is attributable to operational and general and administrative cost synergies, expanded market opportunities and other benefits that do not qualify for separate recognition. of the goodwill is expected to be deductible for tax purposes. In addition, we recognized two intangible assets related to backlog and customer contracts arising from the Merger. The fair value of backlog was million, and the fair value of the customer contracts was million with amortization periods of years and years, respectively. The receivables of million represent fair value and are considered fully collectible as of December 31, 2022. 
 As part of the Merger, V2X acquired certain contracts, including a Transition Services Agreement (TSA) with Crestview Aerospace LLC (Crestview), which was previously divested to American Industrial Partners Capital Fund VI, L.P. (AIP). As of December 31, 2022, the Company recorded million of income related to the TSA with Crestview, which was recorded as a reduction in cost of sales. AIP currently holds approximately of V2X common stock. 
 The following unaudited pro forma information shows the combined results of our operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 as if the Merger had occurred on January 1, 2021. The unaudited pro forma information reflects the effects of applying our accounting policies and certain pro forma adjustments to the combined historical financial information of Vertex. The pro forma adjustments include: a) incremental amortization expense associated with identified intangible assets; b) incremental interest expense resulting from fair value adjustments applied to the Vertex debt that we 
 F-16 

Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Pro forma net (loss) income ) 
 Zenetex 
 On December 31, 2020, we acquired Zenetex, a leading provider of technical and strategic solutions focused on enabling mission readiness, performance, and enhancement of protection for defense and national security clients globally. 
 The total net consideration paid for the acquisition was approximately million, consisting of the purchase price of million, net of cash acquired, less million for a working capital shortfall compared with the working capital requirement agreed upon in the stock purchase agreement. The acquisition was funded by utilizing available capacity from our Amended Revolver (as defined in Note 10, Debt and cash on hand. 
 Deferred taxes Other current assets Property, plant and equipment Goodwill Intangible assets Right-of-use assets Accounts payable ) Other current liabilities ) Accrued compensation ) Lease liabilities ) Other non-current liabilities ) Purchase price, net of cash acquired 
 We finalized our determination of the fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed during the fourth quarter of 2021. 
 The Company recognized customer related intangible assets arising from the acquisition. The related fair value was million with an amortization period of years. Fair value of intangible assets was based upon a cash flow analysis using management's best estimate of future revenue, earnings and cash flows, as well as analysis of historic performance of Zenetex. The cash flow analysis was discounted to adjust for risks in these estimates. 
 Additionally, the Company recognized goodwill of million arising from the acquisition, which relates primarily to acquired product and services strengthening our position as a leading fully-integrated provider in the converged infrastructure market, as well as extending our operations and maintenance services to increase content and scope at client installations. Goodwill also includes other intangibles that do not qualify for separate recognition. The goodwill recognized for the Zenetex acquisition is fully deductible for income tax purposes. Zenetex results of operations have been included in our Consolidated Statements of Income for the periods subsequent to acquisition on December 31, 2020. On a proforma basis, the acquired business would have recognized revenue of million for the year ended December 31, 2020, and an insignificant amount of income before taxes after proforma adjustments. 
 F-17 

Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 million. The acquisition was funded by utilizing available capacity from our Amended Revolver and cash on hand. 
 We finalized our determination of the fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed during the fourth quarter of 2021. 
 The Company recognized a customer related intangible assets arising from the acquisition. The fair value was million with an amortization period of years. Fair value of the intangible assets was based upon a cash flow analysis using management's best estimate of future revenue, earnings and cash flows, as well as analysis of historic performance of HHB. The cash flow analysis was discounted to adjust for risks in these estimates. 
 Additionally, the Company recognized goodwill of million arising from the acquisition, which relates primarily to growth opportunities in the intelligence community as a converged infrastructure provider. Goodwill also includes other intangibles that do not qualify for separate recognition. The goodwill recognized for the HHB acquisition is fully deductible for income tax purposes. 
 The remainder of the purchase price was allocated primarily to working capital. 
 
 NOTE 4 
 The number of option periods varies by contract, and there is no guarantee that an option period will be exercised. The right to exercise an option period is at the sole discretion of the U.S. government when we are the prime contractor or of the prime contractor when we are a subcontractor. We expect to recognize a substantial portion of our performance obligations as revenue within the next 12 months. However, the U.S. government or the prime contractor may cancel any contract at any time through a termination for convenience or for cause. Substantially all of our contracts have terms that would permit us to recover all or a portion of our incurred costs and fees for work performed in the event of a termination for convenience. 
 
 We expect to recognize approximately of the remaining performance obligations as of December 31, 2022 as revenue in 2023. 
 Contract Estimates 
 The impact of adjustments in contract estimates on our operating income can be reflected in either revenue or cost of revenue. Cumulative adjustments for the year ended December 31, 2022 were favorable by million, and for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 were unfavorable by million and million, respectively. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the net adjustments to operating income increased revenue by million a nd million, respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2020, the net adjustments to operating income decreased revenue by million. 
 Revenue by Category 
 Generally, the sales price elements for our contracts are cost-plus, cost-reimbursable or firm-fixed-price. We commonly have elements of cost-plus, cost-reimbursable, time-and-materials and firm-fixed-price contracts on a single 
 F-18 

Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Firm-fixed-price Time-and-materials Total revenue 
 Revenue by geographic region in which the contract is performed for the years 2022, 2021 and 2020 are as follows: 
 Year Ended December 31, (In thousands) 2022 2021 2020 United States Middle East Europe Asia Total revenue 
 Revenue by contract relationship for the years 2022, 2021 and 2020 are as follows: 
 Year Ended December 31, (In thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Prime contractor Subcontractor Total revenue 
 F-19 

Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Navy Air Force Other Total revenue 
 Contract Balances 
 The timing of revenue recognition, billings and cash collections results in billed and unbilled accounts receivable (contract assets) and customer advances and deposits (contract liabilities) on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Amounts are billed as work progresses in accordance with agreed-upon contractual terms at periodic intervals (e.g., biweekly or monthly). Generally, billing occurs subsequent to revenue recognition, resulting in contract assets. However, we may receive advances or deposits from our customers, before revenue is recognized, resulting in contract liabilities. These advance billings and payments are not considered significant financing components because they are frequently intended to ensure that both parties are in conformance with the primary contract terms. These assets and liabilities are reported on the Consolidated Balance Sheets on a contract-by-contract basis at the end of each reporting period. 
 million. Contract assets primarily consist of unbilled receivables which represent rights to consideration for work completed but not billed as of the reporting date. The balance of unbilled receivables consists of costs and fees that are: (i) billable immediately; (ii) billable on contract completion; or (iii) billable upon other specified events, such as the resolution of a request for equitable adjustment. Refer to Note 5, Receivables million included in other accrued liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 NOTE 5 
 Unbilled receivables (contract assets) Other Total Receivables 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, substantially all billed receivables are due from the U.S. government, either directly as prime contractor to the U.S. government or as subcontractor to another prime contractor to the U.S. government. Because the Company s billed receivables are with the U.S. government, the Company does not believe it has a material credit risk exposure. 
 Unbilled receivables are contract assets that represent revenue recognized on long-term contracts in excess of amounts billed as of the balance sheet date. We expect to bill customers for the majority of the December 31, 2022 contract assets during 2023. Changes in the balance of receivables are primarily due to the timing differences between our performance and customer payments. 
 F-20 

Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 NOTE 6) Weighted average common shares outstanding Add: Dilutive impact of stock options Add: Dilutive impact of restricted stock units Diluted weighted average common shares outstanding (Loss) earnings per share Basic ) Diluted ) 

NOTE 7 
 Machinery, equipment and vehicles Office furniture and equipment, computers and software Property, plant and equipment, gross Less: accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Property, plant and equipment, net 
 Depreciation expense of property, plant and equipment was million, million and million in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 
 NOTE 8 
 goodwill impairment. 
 F-21 

Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Adjustments to preliminary purchase price allocation of Zenetex ) Adjustments to preliminary purchase price allocation of HHB ) Balance at December 31, 2021 Acquisition of Vertex Balance at December 31, 2022 
 ) ) Customer contracts ) ) Trade names and other ) ) Total intangible assets ) ) 
 Intangible amortization expense was approximately million and million for years ended 2022 and 2021, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, the weighted-average intangible asset amortization period was years. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 After 2027 
 
 NOTE 9 
 Accrued bonus Accrued employee benefits Total 
 F-22 

Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Current operating lease liabilities Accrued non-payroll taxes Workers' compensation, auto and general liability reserve Other Total 
 Other non-current liabilities 
 Income taxes payable CARES Act payroll tax deferral Other Total 
 
 NOTE 10 
 million revolving credit facility (Amended Revolver). 
 In connection with the Merger described in Note 3, Merger and Acquisitions , on the Closing Date, the outstanding debt from the Amended Term Loan and the Amended Revolver, million and million, respectively, was repaid and related guarantees and liens were discharged and released. Repayment was made using proceeds from the Vertex First Lien Credit Agreement described below. As of December 31, 2021, the balance outstanding under the Amended Term Loan and the Amended Revolver, was million and million, respectively. 
 On the Closing Date, certain of our subsidiaries, including VSC (and together with VSC, the Company Guarantor Subsidiaries), that became direct or indirect subsidiaries of Vertex Aerospace Service Corp., a Delaware corporation and wholly-owned indirect subsidiary of Vertex (Vertex Borrower), have provided guarantees of the indebtedness under each of: 
 (i) the First Lien Credit Agreement, dated as of December 6, 2021 (as amended by the Amendment No. 1 to First Lien Credit Agreement, dated as of the Closing Date, and as further amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented and otherwise modified from time to time, the Vertex First Lien Credit Agreement), by and among Vertex Borrower, as borrower, Vertex Aerospace Intermediate LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, direct parent entity of Vertex Borrower and wholly-owned indirect subsidiary of Vertex (Vertex Holdings), the lenders from time to time party thereto and Royal Bank of Canada, as administrative agent; 
 (ii) the Second Lien Credit Agreement, dated as of December 6, 2021 (as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented and otherwise modified from time to time, the Vertex Second Lien Credit Agreement), Vertex Borrower, as borrower, Vertex Holdings, the lenders from time to time party thereto and Royal Bank of Canada, as administrative agent; and 
 F-23 

Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 million, consisting of a million term loan B tranche, (the First Lien Initial Term Tranche) and a million incremental term loan B tranche (the First Lien Incremental Term Tranche and, together with the First Lien Initial Term Tranche, collectively, the First Lien Term Facility). The entire amount of the proceeds from the (i) First Lien Initial Term Tranche were previously used to finance the acquisition of certain subsidiaries of Raytheon Company, a Delaware corporation, and related transaction costs (the Sky Acquisition in December 2021). As provided in the Merger Agreement, the proceeds of the First Lien Incremental Term Tranche were used by the Vertex Borrower to redeem all of the shares of previously issued preferred stock on the Closing Date (but prior to the Merger). The remaining First Lien Incremental Term Tranche proceeds were used to repay in full all outstanding indebtedness under the Prior Credit Agreement, and other transaction costs. Approximately million of cash remained after funding the preferred stock redemption, repayment of the Prior Credit Agreement and other transaction costs. The loans under the First Lien Term Facility will be payable in full on December 6, 2028. 
 The First Lien Term Facility amortizes in an amount equal to approximately million per quarter for the fiscal quarters ending September 30, 2022, through September 30, 2028, with the balance of million due on December 6, 2028. 
 The Vertex Borrower s obligations under the First Lien Term Facility, which were assumed in the Merger, are guaranteed by Vertex Holdings and Vertex Borrower s wholly-owned domestic subsidiaries (including the Company Guarantor Subsidiaries, collectively, the First Lien Guarantors), subject to customary exceptions and limitations. The Vertex Borrower s obligations under the First Lien Term Facility and the First Lien Guarantors obligations under the related guarantees are secured by (i) a first priority-lien on substantially all of the Vertex Borrower s and the First Lien Guarantors assets other than the ABL Priority Collateral, as defined below (subject to customary exceptions and limitations), and (ii) a second-priority lien on substantially all of the Vertex Borrower s and the First Lien Guarantors accounts receivable, inventory and certain other assets arising therefrom or related thereto (collectively, the ABL Priority Collateral) (subject to customary exceptions and limitations). 
 The borrowings under the First Lien Initial Term Tranche bear interest at rates that, at the Vertex Borrower s option, can be either a base rate, determined by reference to the federal funds rate, plus a margin of to per annum, or a Eurodollar rate, determined by reference to LIBOR, plus a margin of to per annum, in each case, depending on the consolidated first lien net leverage ratio of the Vertex Borrower and its subsidiaries. As of December 31, 2022, the effective interest rate for the First Lien Initial Term Tranche was . The borrowings under the First Lien Incremental Term Tranche bear interest at rates that, at the Vertex Borrower s option, can be either a base rate, determined by reference to the federal funds rate, plus a margin of per annum, or a term benchmark rate, determined by reference to the Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR), plus a margin of per annum. As of December 31, 2022, the effective interest rate for the First Lien Incremental Term Tranche was . 
 The Vertex First Lien Credit Agreement contains customary representations and warranties and affirmative covenants. The Vertex First Lien Credit Agreement also includes negative covenants that limit, among other things, additional indebtedness, additional liens, sales of assets, dividends, investments and advances, prepayments of debt and mergers and acquisitions. 
 The Vertex First Lien Credit Agreement contains customary events of default, including, but not limited to, payment defaults, breaches of representations and warranties, covenant defaults, events of bankruptcy and insolvency, failure of any guaranty or security document supporting the First Lien Term Facility to be in full force and effect, and a change of control. If an event of default occurs and is continuing, the Vertex Borrower may be required immediately to repay all amounts outstanding under the Vertex First Lien Credit Agreement. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the carrying value of the First Lien Credit Agreement was million, excluding deferred discount and unamortized deferred financing costs of million. The estimated fair value of the First Lien Credit Agreement as of December 31, 2022 was million . The fair value is based on observable inputs of interest rates that are currently available to us for debt with similar terms and maturities for non-public debt (Level 2). 
 F-24 

Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 million (the Second Lien Term Facility). The entire amount of the proceeds from the Second Lien Term Facility were previously used to finance the Sky Acquisition in December 2021. The Company voluntarily prepaid million of the Second Lien Term Facility on December 30, 2022. Under the terms of the Vertex Second Lien Credit Agreement, the Vertex Borrower was required to remit a prepayment premium of million with the voluntary prepayment. The remaining balance of loans under the Second Lien Term Facility will be payable in full on December 6, 2029. 
 The Vertex Borrower s obligations under the Second Lien Term Facility are guaranteed by Vertex Holdings and the Vertex Borrower s wholly-owned domestic subsidiaries (including the Company Guarantor Subsidiaries, collectively, the Second Lien Guarantors), subject to customary exceptions and limitations. The Vertex Borrower s obligations under the Second Lien Term Facility and the Second Lien Guarantors obligations under the related guarantees are secured by (i) a second priority-lien on substantially all of the Vertex Borrower s and Second Lien Guarantors assets other than the ABL Priority Collateral (subject to customary exceptions and limitations), and (b) a third-priority lien on substantially all of the Vertex Borrower s and Second Lien Guarantors assets ABL Priority Collateral (subject to customary exceptions and limitations). 
 The borrowings under the Second Lien Term Facility bear interest at rates that, at the Vertex Borrower s option, can be either a base rate, determined by reference to the federal funds rate, plus a margin of per annum, or a Eurodollar rate, determined by reference to LIBOR, plus a margin of per annum. As of December 31, 2022, the effective interest rate for Second Lien Term Facility was . 
 The Vertex Second Lien Credit Agreement contains customary representations and warranties and affirmative covenants. The Vertex Second Lien Credit Agreement also includes negative covenants that limit, among other things, additional indebtedness, additional liens, sales of assets, dividends, investments and advances, prepayments of debt and mergers and acquisitions. 
 The Vertex Second Lien Credit Agreement contains customary events of default, including, but not limited to, payment defaults, breaches of representations and warranties, covenant defaults, events of bankruptcy and insolvency, failure of any guaranty or security document supporting the First Lien Term Facility to be in full force and effect, and a change of control. If an event of default occurs and is continuing, the Vertex Borrower may be required immediately to repay all amounts outstanding under the Vertex Second Lien Credit Agreement. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the carrying value of the Second Lien Credit Agreement was million, excluding a deferred discount of million. The estimated fair value of the Second Lien Credit Agreement as of December 31, 2022 was million. The fair value is based on observable inputs of interest rates that are currently available to us for debt with similar terms and maturities for non-public debt (Level 2). 
 Vertex ABL Credit Agreement 
 The Vertex ABL Credit Agreement provides for a senior secured revolving loan facility (the ABL Facility) of up to an aggregate amount of million (the loans thereunder, the ABL Loans). The Vertex ABL Credit Agreement also provides for (i) a million sublimit of availability for letters of credit, and (ii) a million sublimit for short-term borrowings on a swingline basis. The commitments under the ABL Facility expire on June 29, 2026, and any ABL Loans then outstanding will be payable in full at that time. 
 Availability under the ABL Facility is subject to a borrowing base (the Borrowing Base), which is based on of eligible accounts receivable, eligible government account receivable and eligible government subcontract accounts receivable, plus of eligible unbilled accounts receivable, plus the lesser of (x) of the book value of eligible inventory, and (y) of the net orderly liquidation value of eligible inventory of the Vertex Borrower, Vertex Holdings and most of the Vertex Borrower s wholly-owned domestic subsidiaries (including the Company Guarantor Subsidiaries, collectively, the ABL Guarantors), after adjusting for customary reserves that are subject to the ABL Agent s discretion. The aggregate amount of the ABL Loans made and letters of credit issued under the ABL Facility shall at no time exceed the lesser of the aggregate commitments under the ABL Facility (currently million) or the Borrowing Base. To the extent that the Vertex Borrower s and ABL Guarantors eligible accounts receivable, eligible government account receivable, eligible government subcontract accounts receivable, eligible unbilled accounts receivable, and eligible inventory, decline, the Borrowing Base will decrease, and the availability under the ABL Facility may decrease below million. Any ABL Loans requested are subject to a number of customary conditions, including accuracy of representations and warranties and no default. The proceeds from the ABL Loans may be used to finance the working capital needs and general corporate purposes of the Vertex Borrower and its subsidiaries. 
 The Vertex Borrower s obligations under the ABL Facility are guaranteed by the ABL Guarantors, subject to customary exceptions and limitations. The Vertex Borrower s obligations under the ABL Facility and the ABL Subsidiary Guarantors obligations under the related guarantees are secured by (a) a first priority-lien on substantially all of the Vertex Borrower s and 
 F-25 

Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 to per annum, or a term benchmark rate, determined by reference to SOFR, plus a margin of to per annum, in each case, depending on the aggregate availability under the ABL Facility. 
 Unutilized commitments under the ABL Facility are subject to a per annum fee of (x) if the total outstandings were equal to or less than of the aggregate commitments, or (y) if such total outstandings were more than of the aggregate commitments. 
 The Vertex Borrower is also required to pay a letter of credit fronting fee to each letter of credit issuer equal to per annum of the amount available to be drawn under each such letter of credit (or such other amount as may be mutually agreed by the Vertex Borrowers and the applicable letter of credit issuer), as well as a fee to all lenders equal to the applicable margin to SOFR of ABL Loans times the average daily amount available to be drawn under all outstanding letters of credit. 
 The Vertex ABL Credit Agreement contains customary representations and warranties, which must be accurate for the Vertex Borrower to borrow under the ABL Facility, and affirmative covenants. The Vertex ABL Credit Agreement also includes negative covenants that limit, among other things, additional indebtedness, transactions with affiliates, additional liens, sales of assets, dividends, investments and advances, prepayments of debt, mergers and acquisitions. The Vertex ABL Credit Agreement also includes a financial covenant that requires the fixed charge coverage ratio to be at least to 1.00 as of the end of any period of four fiscal quarters while aggregate availability is less than the greater of (i) million and (ii) of the aggregate borrowing base. 
 The Vertex ABL Credit Agreement contains customary events of default, including, but not limited to, payment defaults, breaches of representations and warranties, covenant defaults, events of bankruptcy and insolvency, failure of any guaranty or security document supporting the ABL Facility to be in full force and effect, and a change of control. If an event of default occurs and is continuing, the Borrowers may be required immediately to repay all amounts outstanding under the Vertex ABL Credit Agreement. 
 As of December 31, 2022, there was outstanding balance under the ABL Facility and million outstanding for letters of credit. Availability under the ABL Facility was million as of December 31, 2022. Unamortized deferred financing fees related to the ABL Credit Agreement of million are included in Other Non-Current Assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. As of December 31, 2022, the fair value of the ABL Credit Agreement approximated the carrying value because the debt bears a floating interest rate. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total 
 Voluntary Prepayments. We may voluntarily prepay the First Lien Facility or Second Lien Facility in whole or in part at any time, subject to the payment of customary breakage costs under certain conditions. Voluntary prepayments of the Second Lien Facility prior to December 6, 2023 require payment of a prepayment premium. Voluntary prepayments of the First Lien Facility will be applied to the remaining installments thereof as directed by us. We may reduce the commitments under the ABL Facility in whole or in part at any time without premium or penalty. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we were in compliance with all covenants related to the First Lien Term Facility, the Second Lien Term Facility and the ABL Facility. 
 F-26 

Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 NOTE 11 
 
 Net interest rate derivative losses of million , million, and less than million were reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss to interest expense in our Consolidated Statements of Income during 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 Foreign Currency Derivative Instrument 
 We transact business in various foreign countries and are therefore exposed to foreign currency exchange rate risk that impacts the reported U.S. dollar amounts of revenues, costs, and certain foreign currency monetary assets and liabilities. In order to manage exposure to fluctuations in foreign currency and to reduce the volatility in cash flows and earnings caused by fluctuations in foreign exchange rates, we have entered into forward contracts to buy and sell foreign currency. By policy, we do not enter into these contracts for trading purposes or speculation. 
 The Company had outstanding foreign currency forward contracts at December 31, 2022 and had outstanding forward contracts with a current liability value of less than million at December 31, 2021. 
 Net foreign currency derivative gains and losses recognized in selling, general and administrative expense during 2022, 2021 and 2020 were immaterial. 
 
 NOTE 12 
 to . 
 We do not separate lease components from non-lease components (e.g., common area maintenance, property taxes, and insurance) but account for both components in a contract as a single lease component. 
 F-27 

Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Variable lease expense Short-term lease expense Total lease expense 
 Current lease liabilities (recorded in other accrued liabilities) Long-term operating lease liabilities Total operating lease liabilities 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we recognized additional right-of-use assets of million from newly executed operating leases and million from the Merger. 
 The weighted average remaining lease term and discount rate for our operating leases at December 31, 2022 were years and , respectively. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 After 2027 Total minimum lease payments Less: Imputed interest ) Total operating lease liabilities 
 
 NOTE 13 

F-28 

Index to Consolidated Financial Statements Foreign Total pre-tax (loss) income ) Income tax expense components Current income tax provision United States-Federal United States-State and local Foreign Total current income tax provision Deferred income tax provision (benefit) United States-Federal ) ) ) United States-State and local ) ) Foreign ) ) ) Total deferred income tax provision (benefit) ) ) Total income tax expense Effective income tax rate ) 
 State and local income tax, net of federal benefit ) Foreign taxes ) Uncertain tax positions ) Return to provision true-ups ) Foreign derived intangible income deduction ) ) Non-deductible compensation expense ) Non-deductible transaction expense ) Tax credits ) ) Other ) ) Effective income tax rate ) 
 F-29 

Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Reserves Lease liability Social security deferral Research expenditures Tax credits Disallowed interest Net operating losses Other Total deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities Goodwill and intangibles ) ) Property, plant and equipment, net ) ) Right-of-use assets ) ) Other liabilities ) ) Total deferred tax liabilities ) ) Net deferred tax liabilities ) ) 
 Uncertain Tax Positions 
 Additions for: Current year tax positions Prior year tax positions Reductions for: Lapse of statute of limitations ) ) Prior year tax positions ) Unrecognized tax benefits-December 31, 
 As of December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, unrecognized tax benefits from uncertain tax positions were million, million and million, respectively. It is reasonably possible that the Company's total unrecognized tax benefits will decrease by approximately million during the next 12 months in connection with matters which may be resolved. The total amount of unrecognized benefit that, if recognized, would affect the effective tax rate was million, million, and million as of December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively, excluding the interest and penalties. 
 During the quarter ended December 31, 2020, the Company undertook a profit split transfer pricing analysis to determine if any potential Foreign Derived Intangible Income (FDII) deduction could be derived for financial reporting purposes. V2X performed a functional analysis focusing on the U.S. and non-U.S. roles and support activities relating to the V2X programs for services being provided to U.S military bases that are located in foreign countries. Based on this further analysis, it was determined that the Company could support million of federal and state FDII benefit over the three-year period from 2018 to 2020, with million, million, and million related to December 31, 2020, 2019, and 2018, respectively. During the quarter ended December 31, 2022, the Company updated the profit split analysis for 2022 to account for changes in the V2X programs. Based on the updated analysis, the Company provided for a FDII benefit of million. During the quarter ended December 31, 2022, the Company released the 2018 unrecognized tax benefit from uncertain positions of million as the statute of limitations for the 2018 tax year expired at the end of 2022. The Company continues 
 F-30 

Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 million, million, and million during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The Company has accrued million and million of net interest and penalties as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 The Company has not recorded a deferred tax liability for undistributed earnings of certain foreign subsidiaries since such earnings are considered to be reinvested indefinitely. If the earnings were distributed, the Company may be subject to federal income and foreign withholding taxes. 
 The Company files income tax returns in the United States and in various foreign jurisdictions. The Company is no longer subject to U.S. federal or state income tax examinations for years prior to 2018. Under U.S. GAAP, we are allowed to make an accounting policy choice of either (i) treating taxes due on future U.S. inclusions in taxable income related to global intangible low taxed income (GILTI) as a current-period expense when incurred (the period cost method or (ii) factoring such amounts into a company s measurement of its deferred taxes (the deferred method ). We have chosen to account for GILTI under the period cost method as an accounting policy, and therefore the anticipated future expense associated with GILTI is not reflected in our financial statements. 
 
 NOTE 14 
 defined contribution savings plans, which allow employees to contribute a portion of their pre-tax and/or after-tax income in accordance with specified guidelines. The Company matches a percentage of eligible employee contributions up to certain limits of employee base pay. Our portion of the matching contributions charged to income amounted to million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The increase in 2022 was due primarily to the Merger. 
 The Company participates in multiemployer pension plans for certain employees covered by collective bargaining agreements. Contributions are based on specified hourly rates for eligible hours. Company expenses related to these plans were million, million and million during 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. The increase in 2022 from 2021 was due to the Merger and the decrease in the 2021 expense was attributable to the completion of a subcontract in September 2020. At the time the subcontract was completed, the individuals ceased being Company employees and the Company was relieved of its contractual obligation to fund the related multiemployer pension plans on the former employee's behalf. The Company is unaware of any significant future obligations or funding requirements related to these plans other than the ongoing contributions that are paid as hours are worked by plan participants. None of these multiemployer pension plans are individually significant to the Company. 
 V2X, Inc. has non-qualified deferred compensation plans one established during the first quarter of 2021 and one assumed in the Merger. Under these plans, participants are eligible to defer a portion of their compensation on a tax deferred basis. The assets in the plan are held in a Rabbi trust. Plan investments and obligations were recorded in other non-current assets and other non-current liabilities, respectively, in the consolidated balance sheets, representing the fair value related to the deferred compensation plan. Adjustments to the fair value of the plan investments and obligations are recorded in operating expenses. The plan assets and liabilities as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 were million and million, respectively. 
 On September 11, 2014, our Board of Directors adopted and approved the Vectrus Systems Corporation Excess Savings Plan (the Excess Savings Plan). Since federal law limits the amount of compensation that can be used to determine employee and employer contribution amounts to our tax-qualified plans, we established the Excess Savings Plan to allow for Company contributions based on an eligible employee's base salary in excess of these limits. No employee contributions are permitted. All balances under the Excess Savings Plan are maintained on the books of the Company and credits and deductions are made to the accumulated savings under the plan based on the earnings or losses attributable to a stable value fund as defined in the Excess Savings Plan. Benefits will be paid in a lump sum generally in the seventh month following the date on which the employee's separation from service occurs. Employees are vested at all times in any amounts credited to their accounts. Although the plan did not end, excess savings were paid out due to the Merger. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 we had accrued million and million o f contributions under the Excess Savings Plan. 
 The Company has an amended and restated Senior Executive Severance Pay Plan (the Amended Plan) that has been effective since 2016. Termination benefits offered under the Amended Plan are other post-employment benefits as defined by ASC 712-10 - Compensation - Nonretirement Postemployment Benefits. Benefits under the Amended Plan vest or accumulate with the employee s years of service; however, the payment of benefits is not probable, and the Company does 
 F-31 

Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 

NOTE 15 
 million a nd million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, in other accrued liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets for legal proceedings and for claims with respect to our government contracts as discussed below, including years where the U.S. government has not completed its incurred cost audits. Although the ultimate outcome of any legal matter or claim cannot be predicted with certainty, based on present information, including our assessment of the merits of the particular claim, we do not expect that any asserted or unasserted legal or contractual claims or proceedings, individually or in the aggregate, will have a material adverse effect on our cash flow, results of operations or financial condition. 
 U.S. Government Contracts, Investigations and Claims 
 We have U.S. government contracts that are funded incrementally on a year-to-year basis. Changes in government policies, priorities or funding levels through agency or program budget reductions by the U.S. Congress or executive agencies could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. Furthermore, our contracts with the U.S. government may be terminated or suspended by the U.S. government at any time, with or without cause. Such contract suspensions or terminations could result in non-reimbursable expenses or charges or otherwise adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Departments and agencies of the U.S. government have the authority to investigate various transactions and operations of the Company, and the results of such investigations may lead to administrative, civil or criminal proceedings, the ultimate outcome of which could be fines, penalties, repayments or compensatory or treble damages. U.S. government regulations provide that certain findings against a contractor may lead to suspension or debarment from future U.S. government contracts or the loss of export privileges for a company or an operating division or subdivision. Suspension or debarment could have a material adverse effect on the Company because of its reliance on U.S. government contracts. 
 U.S. government agencies, including the DCAA, the DCMA and others, routinely audit and review our performance on government contracts, indirect rates and pricing practices, and compliance with applicable contracting and procurement laws, regulations and standards. Accordingly, costs billed or billable to U.S. government customers are subject to potential adjustment upon audit by such agencies. The U.S. government agencies also review the adequacy of our compliance with government standards for our business systems, including our accounting, earned value management, estimating, materials management and accounting, purchasing, and property management systems. 
 In the performance of our contracts, we routinely request contract modifications that require additional funding from U.S. government customers. Most often, these requests are due to customer-directed changes in the scope of work. While we are entitled to recovery of these costs under our contracts, the administrative process with our U.S. government customer may be protracted. Based on the circumstances, we periodically file REAs that are sometimes converted into claims. In some cases, these requests are disputed by our U.S. government customer. We believe our outstanding modifications, REAs and other claims will be resolved without material adverse impact to our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. 
 As a result of final indirect rate negotiations between the U.S. government and our Former Parent, we were subject to adjustments to costs previously allocated by our Former Parent to our business from 2007 through 2014. On July 7, 2022, we accepted an offer by the U.S. government to settle this legal matter involving our payment of an insignificant amount, thereby bringing closure to the matter. With respect to our Former Parent, we believe we are fully indemnified under our distribution agreement and have notified our Former Parent of the closure of our appeal of the U.S. government's decision in this matter. 
 COVID-19 Pandemic 
 On March 11, 2020, the World Health Organization designated COVID-19 as a global pandemic. COVID-19 has negatively impacted public health and the global economy, disrupted global supply chains, and created volatility in financial markets. Furthermore, in September 2021, the Biden Administration issued an executive order mandating a COVID-19 
 F-32 

Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 

NOTE 16 
 million shares of the Company's common stock authorized for issuance under the 2014 Omnibus Plan. As of December 31, 2022, million shares remained available for future awards. 
 Compensation costs for liability-based awards Total compensation costs, pre-tax Future tax benefit 
 Liability-based awards were revalued at the end of each reporting period to reflect changes in fair value. For 2022, in concurrence with the Merger, fair value was measured as of the Closing Date and the aggregate future award payouts were fixed at million. The Company paid million and million related to liability-based compensation awards during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 At December 31, 2022, total unrecognized compensation costs related to equity-based awards and liability-based awards were million and million, respectively, which are expected to be recognized ratably over a weighted average period of years and years, respectively. 
 Non-Qualified Stock Options 
 NQOs vest in one-third increments on the first, second and third anniversaries of the grant date and expire years from the date of grant. 

F-33 

Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Granted Exercised ) ) ) Forfeited, canceled or expired Outstanding and exercisable at December 31, 
 All outstanding NQOs are exercisable. 
 - 
 - 
 Total options and aggregate intrinsic value 
 The aggregate intrinsic value in the preceding table represents the total pre-tax intrinsic value, based on our closing stock price of per share on December 31, 2022, which would have been received by the option holders if all option holders had exercised their options as of that date. There were no exercisable options "out of the money" as of December 31, 2022. The aggregate intrinsic value of options exercised during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively. 
 Restricted Stock Units 
 The fair value of RSUs is determined based on the closing price of V2X common stock on the date of the grant. In general, under the 2014 Omnibus Plan, for employee RSUs granted in 2014 and after, one-third of the award vests on each of the three anniversary dates following the grant date. Director RSUs are typically granted annually and vest approximately one year after the grant date. 2022 grants for directors vested over an abbreviated service term which ended on the July 5, 2022, the Merger Closing Date. RSUs have no voting rights. If an employee leaves the Company prior to vesting, whether through resignation or termination for cause, the RSUs are forfeited. If an employee retires or is terminated by the Company other than for cause, all or a pro rata portion of the RSUs may vest. 
 On July 5, 2022, pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement, the Company issued an additional RSUs, with a grant date fair value of per share, to certain employees of Vertex (Replacement Awards). The Replacement Awards will be settled in shares of the Company's common stock, with Replacement Awards vesting on the anniversary following the grant date and a quarter of the remaining Replacement Awards vesting on each of anniversary dates following the grant date. 
 F-34 

Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Granted Replacement awards Vested ) ) ) Issued in exchange Cancelled in exchange ) Forfeited or canceled ) ) ) Outstanding at December 31, 
 The total grant date fair value of RSUs that vested during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million , million and million, respectively. 
 On August 11, 2020, our total outstanding liability-based cash-settled restricted stock unit compensation awards (CRSUs) were exchanged for RSUs. As of the exchange date, both the CRSUs and RSUs had the same vesting conditions, fair value of , and unrecognized compensation expense of million. 
 Total Shareholder Return Awards 
 TSR awards are performance-based cash awards that are subject to a performance period. Any payments earned are made in cash following completion of the performance period according to the achievement of specified performance goals. In concurrence with the Merger, performance achievement fair value was measured at July 4, 2022 at million and the aggregate future award payouts were fixed at that value. 
 million , million, and million, respectively. The fair value of TSR awards was measured quarterly based on the Company s performance relative to the performance of the Aerospace and Defense Companies in the S P 1500 Index. Depending on the Company s performance during the performance period, payments could range from to of the target value. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, million, million and million, respectively, was recorded in selling, general, and administrative expenses for TSR awards. Payments of million were made in January 2023 for the 2020 TSR awards, payments of million were made in January 2022 for the 2019 TSR awards, and payments of million were made in January 2021 for the 2018 TSR awards. Payments, if any, for the 2021 and 2022 TSR awards are expected to be made in January 2024 and January 2025, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had million million, respectively, recorded as a liability related to TSR awards in other accrued liabilities and other non-current liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 NOTE 17 
 million shares of common stock and million shares of preferred stock. At December 31, 2022, there were million shares of common stock issued and outstanding. preferred stock was issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 million shares of common stock authorized under this plan. At December 31, 2022, we had a remaining balance of million shares of common stock available for future grants under this plan. Any shares related to awards that terminate by expiration, forfeiture, cancellation, or otherwise without the issuance of shares, are settled in cash in lieu of shares or are exchanged with the Committee's permission for awards not involving shares and are available again for grant under the 2014 Omnibus Plan. 
 F-35 

Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 NOTE 18 
 million in senior secured financing, with a first lien on substantially all the Borrower s assets, consisting of a million Revolving Credit Facility and a million Term Loan. The proceeds of these Credit Facilities were used to, among other things, (i) repay a portion of the First Lien Credit Agreement, (ii) repay the entire outstanding amount of the Second Lien Credit Agreement, and (iii) repay the entire outstanding ABL Credit Facility. 
 F-36 

Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 None. 
 53 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 V2X, INC. 
 /s/ William B. Noon By: William B. Noon 
 Chief Accounting Officer 
 (Principal Accounting Officer) 
 Date: March 2, 2023 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and the dates indicated. 
 SIGNATURE TITLE DATE /s/ Charles L. Prow 
 Charles L. Prow 
 President and Chief Executive Officer, Director March 2, 2023 /s/ Susan D. Lynch 
 Susan D. Lynch 
 Chief Financial Officer March 2, 2023 /s/ William B. Noon 
 William B. Noon 
 Chief Accounting Officer March 2, 2023 /s/ Mary L. Howell 
 Mary L. Howell 
 Chair and Director March 2, 2023 /s/ John Edward Boyington Jr. 
 John Ed Boyington Jr. 
 Director March 2, 2023 /s/ Dino M. Cusumano 
 Dino M. Cusumano 
 Director March 2, 2023 /s/ Lee E. Evangelakos 
 Lee E. Evangelakos 
 Director March 2, 2023 /s/ Melvin F. Parker 
 Melvin F. Parker 
 Director March 2, 2023 /s/ Eric M. Pillmore 
 Eric M. Pillmore 
 Director March 2, 2023 /s/ Joel M. Rotroff 
 Joel M. Rotroff 
 Director March 2, 2023 /s/ Neil D. Snyder 
 Neil D. Snyder 
 Director March 2, 2023 /s/ Stephen L. Waechter 
 Stephen L. Waechter 
 Director March 2, 2023 /s/ Phillip C. Widman 
 Phillip C. Widman 
 Director March 2, 2023 
 53 

<EX-4.3>
 2
 v2x-12312022ex43v2xdescrip.htm
 EX-4.3

Document 
 Exhibit 4.3 

DESCRIPTION OF V2X, INC. S SECURITIES 
 
 The following summary of the material terms of the common stock of V2X, Inc. (the Company, we, us, or our does not purport to be complete. For a complete description, we refer you to our amended and restated articles of incorporation (the Articles ), our amended and restated by-laws (the By-laws and the Indiana Business Corporation Law IBCL ). For a more complete understanding of our common stock, we encourage you to read carefully our Articles and By-laws, both of which are filed as exhibits to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 General 
 Our Articles authorize us to issue 100 million shares of common stock, par value 0.01 per share, and 10 million shares of preferred stock, which, solely for the purpose of any statute or regulation imposing any fee or tax based upon the Company s capitalization, have a par value of 0.01 per share. Under Indiana law, shareholders generally are not liable for a corporation s debts or obligations solely as a result of their status as shareholders. 
 
 Common Stock 
 
 Dividend Rights . Under our Articles, holders of our common stock are entitled to receive any dividends our Board of Directors may declare on the common stock, subject to the prior rights of any outstanding preferred stock. The Board of Directors may declare dividends from funds legally available for this purpose. 
 
 Voting Rights . Our common stock has one vote per share on all matters on which holders of our common stock are entitled to vote. Our Articles do not provide for cumulative voting. Our Board of Directors is divided into three classes, with the term of office of one class expiring each year. Subject to the rights, if any, of any holders of preferred stock, each director shall be elected at a meeting of shareholders by the vote of the majority of the votes cast with respect to the director, provided that directors shall be elected by a plurality of the votes cast if the number of director nominees exceeds the number of directors to be elected. 
 
 Liquidation Rights . After provision for payment of creditors and after payment of any liquidation preferences to holders of the outstanding preferred stock, if any, if we liquidate, dissolve or are wound up, whether voluntary or not, the holders of our common stock will be entitled to receive on a pro rata basis all assets remaining. 
 
 Other Rights . Our common stock is not liable for further calls or assessment. The holders of our common stock are not currently entitled to subscribe for or purchase additional shares of our capital stock. Our common stock is not subject to redemption and does not have any conversion or sinking fund provisions. 
 
 Listing . Our common stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the trading symbol VVX. 
 
 Preferred Stock 
 
 Our Board of Directors has the authority, without other action by shareholders, to issue preferred stock in one or more series. The holders of our preferred stock do not have the right to vote, except as our Board of Directors establishes, or as provided in our Articles or as determined by the IBCL. The Board of Directors has the authority to determine the terms of each series of preferred stock, within the limits of our Articles, our By-laws and the laws of the state of Indiana. These terms include the number of shares in a series, the consideration, dividend rights, liquidation preferences, terms of redemption, conversion rights and voting rights, if any. Such determinations are to be accomplished by an amendment to our Articles, which amendment may, except as otherwise provided by law, be made solely by action of our Board of Directors. 
 
 Provisions of Our Articles and By-laws That Could Delay or Prevent a Change in Control 
 
 Certain provisions of our Articles and By-laws may delay or make more difficult unsolicited acquisitions or changes of control of our Company. Such provisions could have the effect of discouraging third parties from making proposals involving an unsolicited acquisition or change of control of our Company, although a majority of our shareholders might consider such proposals, if made, desirable. Such provisions may also have the effect of making it more difficult for third parties to cause the replacement of our current management without the concurrence of our Board of Directors. 
 
 Classified Board of Directors . Our Board of Directors is divided into three classes that are as nearly equal in number as possible. One class of directors is elected at each annual meeting to serve a term of three years. The effect of a classified board of directors may be to make it more difficult to acquire control of the Company. 

Authorized but Unissued Capital Stock . The authorized but unissued shares of our common stock and preferred stock are available for future issuance without shareholder approval. Indiana law does not require shareholder approval for any issuance of authorized shares. However, the listing requirements of the New York Stock Exchange, which apply to us so long as our common stock remains listed on the New York Stock Exchange, require shareholder approval of certain issuances equal to or exceeding 20 of the then outstanding voting power or then outstanding number of shares of our common stock. We may issue additional shares for a variety of corporate purposes, including future public offerings to raise additional capital or to facilitate corporate acquisitions. 
 
 Our Board of Directors may be able to issue shares of unissued and unreserved common or preferred stock to persons friendly to current management. This issuance may render more difficult or discourage an attempt to obtain control of us by means of a merger, tender offer, proxy contest or otherwise, and thereby protect the continuity of our management. This could possibly deprive our shareholders of opportunities to sell their shares of our stock at prices higher than prevailing market prices. Our Board of Directors could also use these shares to dilute the ownership of persons seeking to obtain control of our company. 
 
 Blank Check Preferred Stock . Our Board of Directors, without shareholder approval, has the authority under our Articles to issue preferred stock with rights superior to the rights of the holders of common stock. As a result, preferred stock could be issued quickly and easily, could impair the rights of holders of common stock and could be issued with terms calculated to delay or prevent a change in control or make removal of management more difficult. 
 
 Number of Directors Removal Filling Vacancies . Our Articles provide that (i) the number of directors shall be not more than 25 and not less than three, the exact number to be determined by resolution of our Board of Directors from time to time and (ii) directors may only be removed for cause and upon the affirmative vote of at least a majority of the shares then entitled to vote at a meeting called in accordance with the IBCL, our Articles and our By-laws. Our Articles provide that vacancies on the Board of Directors, including a vacancy created by an increase in the number of directors, may be filled by our Board of Directors. These provisions may make it more difficult for shareholders to remove a director or fill a director vacancy. 
 
 Special Meetings of Shareholders . Our Articles provide that special meetings of shareholders may only be called by the Chairman of the Board or by a majority vote of the entire Board of Directors. This provision may prevent shareholders from taking action outside of an annual meeting. 
 
 Requirements for Advance Notification of Shareholder Nominations and Proposals . The Company s By-laws provide that a shareholder seeking to bring business before an annual meeting of shareholders, or to nominate candidates for election as directors at an annual meeting of shareholders, must provide timely notice of this intention in writing. To be timely, a shareholder must deliver the notice in writing to the Secretary at the Company s principal executive offices not less than 90 days and not more than 120 days prior to the first anniversary of the date that we released our proxy statement to shareholders in connection with the previous year s annual meeting. The By-laws also specify requirements as to the form and content of the shareholder s notice. These provisions could delay shareholder actions that are favored by the holders of a majority of our outstanding shares until the next annual shareholders meeting. 
 
 Certain Provisions of the Indiana Business Corporation Law 
 
 As an Indiana corporation, we are governed by the IBCL. Under specified circumstances, the following provisions of the IBCL may delay, prevent or make more difficult certain unsolicited acquisitions or changes of control of us. These provisions also may have the effect of preventing changes in our management. It is possible that these provisions could make it more difficult to accomplish transactions that shareholders may otherwise deem to be in their best interest. 
 
 Action by Unanimous Written Consent . Under Chapter 29 of the IBCL, any action required or permitted to be taken by the holders of common stock may be effected only at an annual meeting or special meeting of such holders, and shareholders may act in lieu of such meetings only by unanimous written consent. 
 
 Control Share Acquisitions . Under Chapter 42 of the IBCL, an acquiring person or group who makes a control share acquisition in an issuing public corporation may not exercise voting rights on any control shares unless these voting rights are conferred by a majority vote of the disinterested shareholders of the issuing public corporation at a special meeting of those shareholders held upon the request and at the expense of the acquiring person. If control shares acquired in a control share acquisition are accorded full voting rights and the acquiring person has acquired control shares with a majority or more of all voting power, all shareholders of the issuing public 

corporation have dissenters' rights to receive the fair value of their shares pursuant to Chapter 44 of the IBCL. Our By-laws currently exclude us from Chapter 42 of the IBCL. 
 
 Under the IBCL, control shares means shares acquired by a person that, when added to all other shares of the issuing public corporation owned by that person or in respect to which that person may exercise or direct the exercise of voting power, would otherwise entitle that person to exercise voting power of the issuing public corporation in the election of directors within any of the following ranges 
 
 one-fifth or more but less than one-third 
 one-third or more but less than a majority or 
 a majority or more. 
 
 Control share acquisition means, subject to specified exceptions, the acquisition, directly or indirectly, by any person of ownership of, or the power to direct the exercise of voting power with respect to, issued and outstanding control shares. For the purposes of determining whether an acquisition constitutes a control share acquisition, shares acquired within 90 days or under a plan to make a control share acquisition are considered to have been acquired in the same acquisition. Issuing public corporation means a corporation which has (i) 100 or more shareholders, (ii) its principal place of business or its principal office in Indiana, or that owns or controls assets within Indiana having a fair market value of greater than 1,000,000, and (iii) (A) more than 10 of its shareholders resident in Indiana, (B) more than 10 of its shares owned of record or owned beneficially by Indiana residents, or (C) 1,000 shareholders resident in Indiana. The above provisions do not apply if, before a control share acquisition is made, the corporation s articles of incorporation or by-laws, including a by-law adopted by the corporation s board of directors, provide that they do not apply. 
 
 Certain Business Combinations . Chapter 43 of the IBCL restricts the ability of a resident domestic corporation to engage in any combinations with an interested shareholder for five years after the date the interested shareholder became such, unless the combination or the purchase of shares by the interested shareholder on the interested shareholder s date of acquiring shares is approved by the board of directors of the resident domestic corporation before that date. If the combination was not previously approved, the interested shareholder may effect a combination after the five-year period only if that shareholder receives approval from a majority of the disinterested shareholders or the offer meets specified fair price criteria. For purposes of the above provisions, resident domestic corporation means an Indiana corporation that has 100 or more shareholders. Interested shareholder means any person, other than the resident domestic corporation or its subsidiaries, who is (1) the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of 10 or more of the voting power of the outstanding voting shares of the resident domestic corporation or (2) an affiliate or associate of the resident domestic corporation, which at any time within the five-year period immediately before the date in question, was the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of 10 or more of the voting power of the then outstanding shares of the resident domestic corporation. 
 
 The definition of beneficial owner for purposes of Chapter 43, means a person who, directly or indirectly, has the right to acquire or vote the subject shares (excluding voting rights under revocable proxies made in accordance with federal law), has any agreement, arrangement or understanding for the purpose of acquiring, holding or voting or disposing of the subject shares, or holds any derivative instrument that includes the opportunity to profit or share in any profit derived from any increase in the value of the subject shares. 
 
 The above provisions do not apply to corporations that elect not to be subject to Chapter 43 in an amendment to their articles of incorporation approved by a majority of the disinterested shareholders. That amendment, however, cannot become effective until 18 months after its passage and would apply only to share acquisitions occurring after its effective date. Our Articles do not exclude us from Chapter 43. 
 
 The overall effect of the above provisions may be to render more difficult or to discourage a merger, tender offer, proxy contest, the assumption of control of us by a holder of a large block of our stock or other person, or the removal of incumbent management, even if such actions may be beneficial to our shareholders generally. 
 
 Mandatory Classified Board of Directors . Under Chapter 33 of the IBCL, a corporation with a class of voting shares registered with the SEC under Section 12 of the Exchange Act must have a classified board of directors unless the corporation adopts a by-law expressly electing not to be governed by this provision by the later of July 31, 2009 or 30 days after the corporation s voting shares are registered under Section 12 of the Exchange Act. While we currently have a classified Board of Directors, our Articles have opted out of Chapter 33 as a mandatory requirement for our Board of Directors. 

</EX-4.3>

<EX-10.14>
 3
 v2x-12312022ex1014boylelet.htm
 EX-10.14

Document 
 Exhibit 10.14 

 October 3, 2018 
 
 Mr. Kevin T. Boyle 
 Redacted 

Dear Kevin 
 
 I am pleased to confirm our offer of employment with Vectrus, Inc. as Chief Legal Officer & General Counsel. This is a salaried, exempt position reporting to Charles L. Prow, President & Chief Executive Officer, Vectrus, Inc. Your hours in this position may fluctuate, and each weekly portion of your annual salary will compensate you for work during that week. Your annual salary will be 365,019.20, which equates to 175.49 per hour. You will be based in Northern Virginia and your date of hire will be a mutually agreeable date. 
 
 You will be nominated for election by the Vectrus Board of Directors as a Senior Vice President of Vectrus, Inc. As a Senior Vice President, you will be a Section 16 filer, subject to share ownership guidelines and an insider for purposes of trading in Vectrus stock. 
 
 In addition to your salary, as an executive of Vectrus, Inc., you will be eligible for participation in the Vectrus, Inc. Annual Incentive Plan (bonus) with a target award of 55 of your annual base salary. Bonus awards are discretionary, ranging from zero to 200 of target and are based on company and individual performance. For 2018, you will be eligible for pro-rata bonus consideration based on the number of months you work during 2018. Awards are generally paid during the first quarter following the end of the applicable performance year. 
 
 You will also be eligible to participate in the company s Long-Term Incentive Award Program. These awards are generally recommended for approval by the Compensation and Personnel Committee of the Vectrus Board of Directors during the first of each calendar year. For 2018, you will be recommended for a total award of 250,000 to be granted following your start date. Your award will be granted fifty percent (50 in the form of a cash target related to relative total shareholder return over a three-year performance period and fifty percent (50 in the form of restricted stock units that will vest in one-third installments on the first, second and third anniversaries of the grant date. The terms and conditions of your 2018 awards will be consistent with the terms and conditions approved for the 2018 Long-Term Incentive Award Program. 
 
 You will be eligible to participate in the company s Senior Executive Severance Pay Plan and the Special Senior Executive Severance Pay Plan. 
 You will be eligible for 21 days of Paid Time Off (PTO) annually. PTO is accrued on each bi-weekly pay date. 
 
 Benefits Program A summary of our current benefits program is attached. If you are applying for family coverage under the Management Benefitted Medical, Dental and Vision Plans, it is required that, on your start date, you furnish a marriage certificate (if applicable), and the birth certificate of each dependent being covered. 
 Vectrus 401(k) Plan 
 Medical Plan Dental Plan Vision Plan 
 Tele-Health Plan 
 Health Savings Account 
 Basic Life & Accidental Death and Dismemberment Insurance Plans 
 Short-Term & Long-Term Disability 
 Flexible Spending Accounts 
 Voluntary Life & Accidental Death and Dismemberment Insurance Plans 
 
 For questions regarding all benefits, you may contact Ms. Tracy Hanavan at 719-637-5828. She will be glad to discuss any questions you might have regarding employee benefits. I am also available to meet with you to review all of the benefits materials in detail. 
 
 This offer is contingent upon your meeting all of the following requirements 

Pre-Employment Drug Screen You must successfully pass the drug screening test prior to employment. Failure to complete the screening within three business days will result in withdrawal of this offer. You will be contacted with further information. 
 
 Background Check and Employment Verification As part of your pre-employment requirements, you are required to pass a criminal background check and employment verification. We have contracted a third-party vendor, Hire Right, to conduct these requirements. Shortly after acceptance, you will receive an email from Hire Right inviting you to log into the Hire Right system and complete the information required. In addition, you will be asked to sign a disclosure form authorizing Hire Right to conduct the investigation. We also ask that you provide the information required to complete the pre-employment process. 
 
 Security Clearance You are required to obtain a minimum Secret Clearance and maintain such Clearance during your employment with Vectrus. 
 
 In accordance with the Immigration Reform Control Act of 1986, all employees are required to produce documents that establish identity and employment eligibility in the United States. A list of acceptable documents which establish such identity is available on page 9 of the I-9 Form. You will be required to supply sufficient documents from this list to establish identity and employment eligibility within your first three days of employment, along with the completed I-9 Form. 
 
 We look forward to having you join Vectrus. However, we recognize that you retain the option, as does Vectrus, of ending your employment with Vectrus at any time, with or without notice and with or without cause. As such, your employment with Vectrus is at will and neither this letter nor any other oral or written representation may be considered a contract for any specific period of time. 
 
 Kevin, we are very pleased to extend this offer to you. Please acknowledge your acceptance of our offer by signing one copy of this letter and returning it to my attention. You may retain the additional copy for your personal files. We look forward to welcoming you to Vectrus, Inc. and to working with you. 
 
 Very truly yours, 

s Frank A. Peloso 
 
 Frank A. Peloso 
 Senior Vice President & 
 Chief Human Resources Officer 
 
 Enclosures 
 
 I accept the offer as set forth in this letter. 
 
 s Kevin T. Boyle 10-3-2018 Kevin T. Boyle Date 

</EX-10.14>

<EX-10.15>
 4
 v2x-12312022ex1015shrevesl.htm
 EX-10.15

Document 
 
 Exhibit 10.15 

September 29, 2017 
 
 Mr. Kenneth W. Shreves 
 Redacted 
 Dear Ken 
 
 I am pleased to confirm our offer of employment with Vectrus, Inc. for the position of Vice President, Business Development for Facilities at Vectrus, Inc. based in Colorado Springs. This is a salaried, exempt position reporting to Susan L. Deagle, Senior Vice President & Chief Growth Officer at Vectrus, Inc. Your hours in this position may fluctuate, and each weekly portion of your annual salary will compensate you for work during that week. Your weekly salary will be 4,808 which can equate to annual salary will be 250,016. Your date of hire will be a mutually agreeable date. 
 
 In addition to your salary, as an executive of Vectrus, Inc., you will be eligible for participation in the Vectrus, Inc. Annual Incentive Plan (bonus) with a target award of 40 of your annual base salary. Bonus awards are discretionary, ranging from zero to 200 of target and are based on company and individual performance. For performance year 2017, you will be eligible for pro-rata bonus consideration based upon the number of full months of your employment during 2017. Awards are generally paid during the first quarter following the end of the applicable performance year. 
 
 Beginning with 2018, you will also be eligible to participate in the Vectrus Long-Term Incentive (LTI) Award Program. These awards are generally recommended for approval by the Compensation and Personnel Committee of the Vectrus Board of Directors during the first quarter of each calendar year. For 2018, you will be recommended for a total award commensurate with the approved guidelines for the 2018 program, subject to approval of the Committee. While the 2018 LTI structure and guidelines have not yet been approved, you can reasonably expect the target value of this award to be 145,000 delivered via two primary vehicles 1) a cash target related to relative total shareholder return over a three-year performance period and 2) equity in the form of restricted stock units and or nonqualified stock options that vest in one-third cumulative installments on the first, second and third anniversaries of the grant date. 
 
 You will be eligible for 21 days of Paid Time Off (PTO) annually. PTO is accrued on each bi-weekly pay date. 
 
 Relocation Benefits You will be provided relocation assistance to get you settled into the Colorado Springs area, pursuant to company practice. You will be requested to sign and return a Reimbursement Agreement for Relocation Expenses form which stipulates that you must remain with Vectrus for one (1) full year, from the date of your relocation, to avoid repayment of the Vectrus relocation costs. 
 
 Your relocation benefits will include 
 Settling In Allowance The settling in allowance is intended to defray one-time costs for such things as replacement of curtains or carpet in your new residence, utility hook ups, vehicle registration and the like. This allowance can be delivered in one of two ways. 
 1. One-half of one month s gross pay as an allowance upon which you can draw reimbursement based upon receipts for settling in expenses. OR 
 2. A lump-sum payment of 5,000 net of taxes no receipts required. 
 House Hunting Trip One house hunting trip for you and your dependents to include economy round trip airfare, hotel, rental car and per diem. 

Temporary Accommodations Temporary accommodations (lodging) for up to 90 days including rental car and per diem. 
 Household Goods Shipment Reimbursement of reasonable costs associated with packing, shipping and unpacking of your household goods for your move to Colorado. 
 Initial Move to Colorado Economy airfare for you and your dependents from Virginia to Colorado. If you choose to drive to Colorado, you will be reimbursed for associated mileage, hotel, per diem. Receipts are required for reimbursement. 
 Closing Costs 
 o Reimbursement for reasonable and customary closing costs and brokerage fees (limited to 6 of the sale price) on the sale of your home, tax protected. 
 o Reimbursement for reasonable and customary closing costs (exclusing points) on the purchase of a home in Colorado, tax protected. 
 
 Benefits Program A summary of our current benefits program is attached. If you are applying for family coverage under the Management Benefitted Medical, Dental and Vision Plans, it is required that, on your start date, you furnish a marriage certificate (if applicable), and the birth certificate of each dependent being covered. 
 
 Vectrus 401(k) Plan 
 Medical Plan Dental Plan Vision Plan 
 Tele-Health Plan 
 Health Savings Account 
 Basic Life & Accidental Death and Dismemberment Insurance Plans 
 Short-Term & Long-Term Disability 
 Flexible Spending Accounts 
 Voluntary Life & Accidental Death and Dismemberment Insurance Plans 
 
 For questions regarding all benefits, you may contact Ms. Tracy Hanavan at 719-637-5828. She will be glad to discuss any questions you might have regarding employee benefits. I will also be available to meet with you to review all of the benefits materials in detail. 
 
 In order to comply with the Immigration Control Reform Act of 1986, all employees must complete the enclosed I-9 Form verifying employment eligibility. You should bring with you on the first day of work an original birth certificate or other document as specified in the enclosed information sheet as proof of U.S. citizenship. This offer of employment is contingent upon completion of the I-9 Form and providing required documentation. 
 
 The terms and conditions of your employment will be governed by standard Company policy. This offer is also contingent upon successful completion of a drug screening test prior to employment. Failure to complete the screening within three days will result in withdrawal of this offer. Please contact Mr. Josh Saye at (719) 637-6319 for assistance in scheduling an exam. 
 
 Please acknowledge your acceptance of our offer by signing one copy of this letter and returning it to my attention. You may retain the additional copy for your personal files. 
 
 Ken, on behalf of Sue and our team, we are very pleased to extend you this offer. We look forward to welcoming you to Vectrus and to working with you. 

Very truly yours, 
 
 s Frank A. Peloso 

Frank A. Peloso 
 Senior Vice President & 
 Chief Human Resources Officer 
 
 Enclosures 
 
 I accept the offer as set forth in this letter. 

s Kenneth W. Shreves 1 OCT 2017 Kenneth W. Shreves Date 

</EX-10.15>

<EX-10.16>
 5
 v2x-12312022ex1016boyingto.htm
 EX-10.16

Document 
 Exhibit 10.16 

ACKNOWLEDGMENT OF RECEIPT 
 
 I acknowledge receiving a copy of this Separation Agreement and Complete Release of Liability on January 6, 2023. I have been advised of the following 
 
 1) I have forty-five (45) days to consider the Agreement. 
 
 2) I have the opportunity to discuss with V2X Inc. any questions or concerns I may have over the terms or language of the Agreement. 
 
 3) I have been advised to see an attorney of my choosing to review the Agreement. 
 
 4) I should not sign the Agreement unless I fully understand its terms and enter into the Agreement of my own free will. 
 
 5) I have seven (7) days after signing the Agreement to revoke the Agreement. 
 
 6) No other promises have been made to me beyond the terms of the Separation Agreement. 

_ _ s John E. Boyington __________________________ 
 John E. Boyington 

Page 1 

SEPARATION AGREEMENT AND 
 COMPLETE RELEASE OF LIABILITY 

John E. Boyington and V2X, Inc. have reached the following Agreement. In this Agreement, Employee refers to John E. Boyington and Company refers to V2X, Inc. and its subsidiaries. 
 
 1. Benefits. The Company agrees with Employee as follows 
 A. Employee's active employment with the Company will cease on January 6, 2023 (also referred to as the Last Day Worked ). 
 B. No provisions within this Separation Agreement are intended or implied for separation payments unless otherwise stated. Except as otherwise specifically set forth in this Agreement, for purposes of the various benefit and incentive plans discussed in this Agreement (other than the Qualified Plans) Employee s termination date will be deemed to be January 6, 2023. 
 C. Employee understands that the Company will deduct from any pay provided for in this Agreement, federal, state and local withholding taxes and other deductions the Company is required by law to make from payments to employees. After the Last Day Worked, Employee understands that he is not entitled to any compensation or benefits or any other payment from the Company, including but not limited to any severance pay, commissions, termination allowance, or allowance, other than as specifically provided in this Agreement. 
 D. In consideration of Employee waiving his right to receive benefits pursuant to the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act (COBRA) as a result of his termination of employment, Employee will be eligible for one final Company-paid executive physical scheduled at the Cooper Clinic in March 2023. E. Employee will receive a lump sum payment for any accrued, unused Paid Time Off (PTO) on the payroll date occurring on January 27, 2023 even if this 
 s JEB (Initial) 

Page 2 

Agreement is not executed by Employee. Payment for PTO, if any, will not count for any purpose under any employee benefit plan. 
 F. Except as expressly stated in this Agreement, the Company will not be responsible for any other business expenses incurred by Employee after the Employee s Last Day Worked, except as stated in paragraph 1(D). 
 G. Employee will be eligible to receive a cash bonus under the Annual Incentive Plan (AIP) in respect of 2022 performance. The amount of the AIP bonus will be determined by the Company and the bonus will be paid in accordance with the regular AIP cycle in March 2023. 
 H. The parties acknowledge and agree that the 517,918 restricted stock units relating to shares of V2X common stock that were granted to Employee on July 5, 2022, pursuant to the Restricted Stock Unit Agreement by and between Vectrus, Inc. and the Employee RSU Agreement became fully vested as of January 5, 2023. The RSU Agreement, including applicable restrictive covenants, is incorporated herein by reference. Employee must seek written approval from the Company prior to entering into any transaction involving V2X securities, including the purchase or sale of any V2X stock. Employee is also subject to the securities laws and V2X insider trading policies in respect of any transaction Employee effects while in possession of material non-public information regarding V2X. 
 I. The provisions in this Agreement do not impact Employee s status as a member of the Board of Directors of V2X, Inc. (the Board and notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, Employee will remain subject to all applicable policies and procedures that apply to members of the Board while serving thereon. 
 
 2. Complete Release. Employee understands that all or part of his job duties may be assigned to another person or persons who are less than forty years old or younger than Employee. Employee agrees to release the Company, any company that is or was directly or indirectly the parent or subsidiary of, related to or affiliated with the Company, any Company benefit plans and the 
 s JEB (Initial) 

Page 3 

employees, administrators, fiduciaries, agents, officers and directors of any of them, and any predecessors, successors or assigns, from all claims or demands Employee may have arising out of or relating to Employee's employment with the Company or the termination of that employment. This includes, but is not limited to, a release of any rights or claims Employee may have under the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967, which prohibits age discrimination in employment Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, which prohibits discrimination in employment based on race, color, national origin, religion or sex the Equal Pay Act, which prohibits paying men and women unequal pay for equal work the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 or any other federal, state or local laws, regulations or orders. This release also includes, but is not limited to, a release by Employee of any contractual or tort claims or other claims arising under common law including, but not limited to, any claims for wrongful discharge. This release covers both claims that Employee knows about and those he may not know about. This release, however, does not preclude Employee from enforcing the terms of this Agreement. This release does not include a release of any pension or any other benefits for which Employee may be eligible under the terms of applicable Company benefit plans. 
 
 3. Special Release Notification. Paragraph 2 includes a release of all claims under the Age Discrimination in Employment Act ADEA and, therefore, pursuant to the requirements of the ADEA, Employee acknowledges and understands the following (a) Employee has been advised that this release includes, but is not limited to, all claims under the ADEA arising up to and including the date of execution of this release (b) that Employee has been advised to consult with an attorney and or other advisor of your choosing concerning Employee s rights and obligations under this release (c) that Employee has been advised to consider fully this release before executing it and that Employee s release and waiver of any claim under the ADEA is knowing and voluntary (d) that Employee has been offered ample time and opportunity, forty-five (45) days, to do so (e) that Employee may revoke this release within the 
 s JEB (Initial) 

Page 4 

seven (7) calendar day period following Employee s execution of the Agreement, if Employee delivers written notice of revocation to Rick Mendoza, Chief People Officer, V2X, Inc., 2424 Garden of the Gods Road, Colorado Springs, Colorado 80919 and (f) that this release shall become effective and enforceable on the eighth calendar day following execution of it, so long as it has not been revoked. 
 
 4. Reporting. Employee agrees that he has disclosed to the Company all known issues, concerns, or complaints regarding any legal, regulatory or compliance requirement of the Company. 
 
 5. Confidentiality. Employee promises not to disclose the contents of this Agreement to anyone other than his immediate family, governmental agencies or courts or to attorneys, counselors or agents retained by Employee for the purpose of assisting or counseling him her with respect to this Agreement. If Employee discloses the contents of this Agreement to any person as permitted above, he shall also use his best efforts to prevent all such persons from disclosing the contents of this Agreement. 
 
 6. Non-Admission of Liability. This Agreement is made solely to facilitate an arrangement reached by the Company with the Employee. This Agreement is not and should not be construed as an admission by the Company of any wrongdoing. 
 
 7. Exclusions from Employee's Release. This Agreement does not waive or release claims with respect to any rights Employee may have to file a claim or charge with any government administrative agency, to claims that cannot lawfully be released, or to any future rights or claims that Employee may have that arise after the date the Employee signs this Agreement. 
 
 s JEB (Initial) 

Page 5 

8. Encouragement to Consult with Attorney. Employee is advised to consult with an attorney before signing this Agreement. Fees associated with such legal consultation are the responsibility of the Employee. 
 9. Assistance in the Defense of Claims. Employee agrees, upon reasonable notice from the Company, to assist the Company in the defense of any legal or administrative action or proceeding now pending or which later may be filed by or against the Company or by or against any affiliated or related companies or any of their officers, directors or employees. Company will provide reimbursement for expenses incurred in accordance with the existing Company policy. 
 
 10. Company Property . Employee shall return to the Company, any and all Company property within his possession or control other than any such property relating to his service on the Board. 
 
 11. Notification to the Company. If any claim or demand is made to legally compel the Employee to disclose the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the Employee will promptly notify Rick Mendoza, Chief People Officer, and Kevin Boyle, Chief Legal Officer, of such claim or demand so that the Company may take such action as it deems appropriate. 
 
 12. Non-Disparagement. Employee agrees that he will not (i) make or engage in any disparaging remarks about Company, its employees, and or its customers or (ii) have any communications of any type with any of Company s current or former customers concerning Company, its employees, its work for the government or any aspect of Company s relationship with the government, subject in each case to the policies of the Company as they are applicable to Employee s service on the Board. 
 
 13. Assignment. The rights and obligations of the Company under this Agreement shall inure to the benefit of, and shall be binding upon, the heirs, 
 s JEB (Initial) 

Page 6 

executors, successors and assigns of the Company. Employee s rights and obligations are personal and may not be assigned or delegated without the Company s written consent. 
 14. Choice of Law Venue. This Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted under the laws of the Commonwealth of Virginia. All disputes arising under or relating to this Agreement shall be brought and resolved solely and exclusively in the Commonwealth of Virginia. 
 
 15. Restrictive Covenants . Employee agrees to be bound by the terms of Exhibit A. 
 
 16. Entire Agreement. The Company has used its best efforts to compose this Agreement in a manner calculated to be readily understood by the Employee. This Agreement, including Exhibit A, is the complete, entire and final agreement between Employee and the Company concerning the subject matter expressed herein and supersedes any other prior agreement in writing or otherwise. This Agreement may not be modified or terminated except by a writing signed by both parties. The Company has made no promises to Employee other than those in this Agreement. Should any portion of this Agreement be ruled void or unenforceable, such ruling will not affect the enforceability and effect of the remaining provisions of this Agreement. 

s JEB (Initial) 

Page 7 

EMPLOYEE ACKNOWLEDGES THAT HE HAS READ THIS AGREEMENT, UNDERSTANDS IT AND IS VOLUNTARILY ENTERING INTO IT. 
 PLEASE READ THIS AGREEMENT CAREFULLY. IT CONTAINS A RELEASE OF ALL KNOWN AND UNKNOWN CLAIMS. 
 
 WITNESS EMPLOYEE DATE 

_____ s Wendy Dixon _________ ___ John E. Boyington 1 6 23 __ 
 John E. Boyington 

V2X, Inc. 
 
 By __ s Richard Mendoza ____ 
 
 Title _ Chief People Officer ____ 
 
 Dated __ _1 11 2023 _________ 

s JEB (Initial) 

Page 8 

EXHIBIT A 
 NON-SOLICITATION, NON-COMPETITION, CONFIDENTALITY, AND ASSIGMENT AGREEMENT 
 In consideration of the promises made by V2X (the Company to John E. Boyington (the Employee ), Employee agrees to the following additional post-employment covenants 
 1. Anti-Solicitation of Employees. During the 12 months following termination of employment, Employee will not, directly, or indirectly, or by action in concert with others, solicit or induce or attempt to solicit or induce, any person who is employed by the Company to leave his or his employment with the Company and or to perform services of any kind for any other person, firm, or corporation. 
 2. Anti-Solicitation of Customers and Clients. During the 12 months following termination of employment, Employee will not, directly or indirectly, either on Employee s own behalf or on behalf of any other person, firm, or corporation, divert or take away, or call on or solicit or attempt to call on or solicit, any of the Company s current customers or clients, including those on whom Employee called on or who Employee solicited or with whom Employee became acquainted while engaged as an employee of the Company. 
 3. Non-Competition. During the 24 months following termination of employment, Employee will not accept an employment or consulting relationship (or own or have any financial interest in), directly or indirectly, with any entity engaged in competing with the Company on recompetes of its contracts or opportunities identified in its pipeline as of the date of termination of employment. 
 4. Covenant Against Disclosure. Employee will not, at any time, disclose information identified as confidential or which, from the circumstances, in good faith, and good conscience ought to be treated as confidential, relating to the products, services, inventions, discoveries, trade secrets, secret processes, price lists, business plans, or any other information of the business or affairs of the Company or any other person, firm, or corporation, which Employee acquired or developed in connection with or as a result of Employee s employment with the Company. This prohibition does not extend to lawful disclosures made to any government administrative agency. 
 
 I ACKNOWLEDGE THAT I HAVE READ AND UNDERSTAND THIS EXHIBIT A AND HAVE BEEN GIVEN THE OPPORTUNTIY TO DISCUSS IT WITH INDEPENDENT LEGAL COUSEL. 
 
 __ s John E. Boyington ____________ _ _1 6 23 ____________ 
 John E. Boyington Date 
 
 s JEB (Initial) 

</EX-10.16>

<EX-10.28>
 6
 v2x-12312022ex1028formofrs.htm
 EX-10.28

Document 
 Exhibit 10.28 

 VECTRUS, INC. 2014 OMNIBUS INCENTIVE PLAN 
 RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT 
 Stock Settled 
 THIS AGREEMENT (the Agreement ), effective as of July 5, 2022, by and between Vectrus, Inc. (the Company and (the Grantee ), 
 WITNESSETH 
 WHEREAS, the Grantee originally received an award of an option (the Option to purchase a certain number of shares of common stock of Vertex Aerospace Services Holding Corp. Vertex pursuant to an award agreement with Vertex (the Option Agreement granted under the Vertex Aerospace Services Holding Corp. 2018 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended from time to time (the Vertex Plan ). 
 WHEREAS, in connection with the consummation of the transactions contemplated by that Agreement and Plan of Merger by and among the Company, Vertex and the other parties thereto, dated as of March 7, 2022 (the Merger Agreement ), the Option was cancelled as of the First Effective Time (as defined in the Merger Agreement) and in exchange therefor, the Grantee will receive in consideration Restricted Stock Units pursuant to this Agreement. 
 WHEREAS, the Grantee is now employed by the Company or an Affiliate (as defined in the Company s 2014 Omnibus Incentive Plan, as amended and restated, (the Plan )) as an employee, and in recognition of the Grantee s valued services, the Company, through the Compensation and Personnel Committee of its Board of Directors (the Committee ), desires to provide an inducement to remain in service of the Company and as an incentive for increased efforts during such service pursuant to the provisions of the Plan. 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and the provisions of the Plan, a copy of which is attached hereto and incorporated herein as part of this Agreement, and any administrative rules and regulations related to the Plan as may be adopted by the Committee, the parties hereto hereby agree as follows 
 1. Grant of Restricted Stock Units . In accordance with, and subject to, the terms and conditions of the Plan and this Agreement, the Company hereby confirms the grant on July 5, 2022 (the Grant Date to the Grantee of Restricted Stock Units. The Restricted Stock Units are notional units of measurement denominated in Shares of common stock of the Company i.e ., one Restricted Stock Unit is equivalent in value to one share of common stock of the Company (a Share )). 
 The Restricted Stock Units represent an unfunded, unsecured right to receive Shares in the future if the conditions set forth in the Plan and this Agreement are satisfied. 
 The Grantee and the Company hereby acknowledge and agree that, pursuant to Section 4.3 of the Plan and Section 11.1(a) of the Vertex Plan, the Company has, in connection with the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement (which transactions constitute a Covered Transaction (as defined in the Vertex Plan)) assumed all outstanding awards under the Vertex Plan, and that in exchange for the Restricted Stock Units granted pursuant to this Agreement and other good and valuable consideration, the Grantee has forfeited the Option and any other right to purchase shares of common stock of Vertex, and that the Option and the Option Agreement have terminated and are of no further force or effect. The Grantee hereby (a) consents to the termination of the Option Agreement and any rights the Grantee may have with respect to the Option or the shares of common stock of Vertex underlying the Option and (b) releases the Company, Vertex and each of their subsidiaries and affiliates and their respective successors or assigns, and each partner, officer, director and employee of each of them, from any claim, liability or obligation arising out of or relating to the Option, the shares of common stock of Vertex underlying the Option, or the Option Agreement. The Grantee acknowledges and 

Exhibit 10.28 

 agrees that this Agreement shall supersede and replace in its entirety the Option Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company and the Grantee acknowledge and agree that the Restrictive Covenant Agreement attached as Exhibit A to the Option Agreement shall remain in full force and effect in accordance with its terms. 
 1. Terms and Conditions . It is understood and agreed that the Restricted Stock Units are subject to the following terms and conditions 
 a. Restrictions . Except as otherwise provided in the Plan and this Agreement, neither this Award nor any Restricted Stock Units subject to this Award may be sold, assigned, pledged, exchanged, transferred, hypothecated or encumbered, other than to the Company as a result of forfeiture of the Restricted Stock Units. 
 b. Stockholder Rights . The Grantee shall not have any privileges of a stockholder of the Company with respect to the Restricted Stock Units or any Shares that may be delivered hereunder, including without limitation any right to vote such Shares or to receive dividends or dividend equivalents, unless and until such Shares are delivered upon vesting of the Restricted Stock Units. 
 c. Vesting of Restricted Stock Units and Payment . Subject to subsection 2(d) below, the Restricted Stock Units shall vest (meaning the Period of Restriction shall lapse and the Restricted Stock Units shall become free of the forfeiture provisions in this Agreement) as follows 
 i. 1 4 of the Restricted Stock Units shall vest on the date that occurs six months after the Grant Date, 
 ii. 1 4 of the Restricted Stock Units shall vest on the first anniversary of the Grant Date, and 
 iii. 1 4 of the Restricted Stock Units shall vest on the date that occurs eighteen months after the Grant Date, and 
 iv. 1 4 of the Restricted Stock Units shall vest on the second anniversary of the Grant Date. 
 Except as provided in subsection 2(i)(i) below, upon vesting of the Restricted Stock Units (including vesting pursuant to subsection 2(d) below), the Company will deliver to the Grantee one Share for each vested Restricted Stock Unit provided that the number of Restricted Stock Units that vest on each of the first three vesting dates shall be rounded to the nearest whole Share (with 0.5 to be rounded up), with any whole Shares resulting from such fractional Shares remaining eligible to vest on the fourth and final vesting date. 
 a. Effect of Certain Terminations . 
 i. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, the Restricted Stock Units shall, to the extent outstanding and unvested, immediately become 100 vested if the Grantee s employment is terminated by the Company (or an Affiliate or any successor, as the case may be), without Cause (as defined below) or by the Grantee for Good Reason (as defined below) or the Grantee s employment terminates as a result of the Grantee s death or Disability (as defined below). 
 1. For purposes of this Agreement, the term Cause shall mean (i) the Grantee s material misconduct, (ii) the Grantee s material violation of Company policies, rules or Code of Conduct or any other terms or conditions relating to the Grantee s employment or any agreement with the Grantee or (iii) any other conduct of the Grantee that the Committee in its sole discretion unanimously 

Exhibit 10.28 

 determines in good faith constitutes Cause for purposes of this Agreement. 
 2. For purposes of this Agreement, the term Good Reason shall mean, without the Grantee s express written consent and excluding for this purpose any action which is remedied by the Company (or an Affiliate or any successor, as the case may be) within thirty (30) days after receipt of notice thereof given by the Grantee, a reduction in the Grantee s annual base compensation (whether or not deferred) or annual bonus opportunity provided that Good Reason shall cease to exist for an event on the 90th day following the later of its occurrence or the Grantee s knowledge thereof, unless the Grantee has given the Company (or an Affiliate or any successor, as the case may be) notice thereof prior to such date, and the date of the Grantee s termination of employment for Good Reason must occur, if at all, within one hundred and eighty (180) days following the later of the occurrence of the Good Reason event or the Grantee s knowledge thereof. 
 3. For purposes of this Agreement, the Grantee shall be deemed to be Disabled only when the Company determines that the Grantee is completely and permanently unable to perform all of his or her duties under the terms of his or her employment, as determined by the Company upon the basis of such evidence, including independent medical reports and data, as the Company deems appropriate or necessary provided however, that with respect to any portion of the Award that constitutes deferred compensation for purposes of Section 409A of the Code and any related regulations or other effective guidance promulgated thereunder Section 409A ), the Grantee shall not be deemed to be Disabled unless and until the date the Grantee becomes disabled as that term is used in Section 409A. 
 ii. Termination for Any Other Reason . If the Grantee s employment with the Company and its Affiliates is terminated for any reason not described in subsection 2(d)(i), and the termination is not due to the Grantee s death or Disability, any unvested Restricted Stock Units shall be immediately forfeited as of the date of such termination. 
 b. Tax Withholding . In accordance with Article 15 of the Plan, the Company may make such provisions and take such actions as it may deem necessary for the withholding of all applicable taxes attributable to the Restricted Stock Units. Unless the Committee determines otherwise, the minimum statutory tax withholding required to be withheld upon delivery of the Shares shall be satisfied by withholding a number of Shares having an aggregate Fair Market Value equal to the minimum statutory tax required to be withheld. If such withholding would result in a fractional Share being withheld, the number of Shares so withheld shall be rounded up to the nearest whole Share. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Grantee may elect to satisfy such tax withholding requirements by timely remittance of such amount by cash or check or such other method that is acceptable to the Company, rather than by withholding of Shares, provided such election is made in accordance with such conditions and restrictions as the 

Exhibit 10.28 

 Company may establish. If FICA taxes are required to be withheld while the Award is outstanding, such withholding shall be made in a manner determined by the Company. 
 c. Grantee Bound by Plan and Rules . The Grantee hereby acknowledges receipt of a copy of the Plan and this Agreement and agrees to be bound by the terms and provisions thereof. The Grantee agrees to be bound by any rules and regulations for administering the Plan as may be adopted by the Committee prior to the date the Restricted Stock Units vest. Terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall be as defined in the Plan. 
 d. Restrictive Covenant Violation . Grantee acknowledges and recognizes the highly competitive nature of the businesses of the Company and its Affiliates and accordingly agrees to the provisions of Appendix A. If the Grantee breaches such restrictions in Appendix A to this Agreement, the Grantee hereby agrees that, in addition to any other remedy available to the Company in respect of such activity or breach, (i) the Grantee s Restricted Stock Units will be forfeited, (ii) upon demand by the Company, the Grantee shall return to the Company any Shares issued upon vesting of any of the Restricted Stock Units, and (iii) if the Grantee has sold or otherwise disposed of all or any portion of such Shares, the Grantee shall repay to the Company an amount equal to the aggregate after-tax proceeds (taking into account all amounts of tax that would be recoverable upon a claim of loss for payment of such proceeds in the year of repayment) the Grantee received upon the sale or other disposition of, or distributions in respect of, such Shares. 
 e. Governing Law . This Agreement is issued, and the Restricted Stock Units evidenced hereby are granted, in Colorado Springs, Colorado, and shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, excluding any conflicts or choice of law rule or principle that might otherwise refer construction or interpretation of this Agreement to the substantive law of another jurisdiction. 
 f. Section 409A Compliance . To the extent applicable, it is intended that the Plan and this Agreement comply with the requirements of Section 409A, and the Plan and this Agreement shall be interpreted accordingly. 
 i. If it is determined that all or a portion of the Award constitutes deferred compensation for purposes of Section 409A, and if the Grantee is a specified employee, as defined in Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) of the Code, at the time of the Grantee s separation from service, then, to the extent required under Section 409A, any Shares that would otherwise be distributed upon the Grantee s separation from service, shall instead be delivered on the date determined by the Company within the thirty (30) day period following the earlier of (x) the first business day of the seventh (7 th month following the date of the Grantee s separation from service or (y) the date of the Grantee s death. 
 ii. Each portion of this Award that could vest pursuant to subsection 2(c) and or 2(d) is intended to constitute a separate payment for purposes of Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-2(b)(2). 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this instrument to be executed by its President and Chief Executive Officer as of the ____ day of ___________, 2022. 

Exhibit 10.28 

 Agreed to VECTRUS, INC. ___________________________________ ____________________________________ Grantee (Online acceptance constitutes agreement) Charles L. Prow, President and Chief Executive Officer Date ______________________________ Date _______________________________ 
 Enclosures 
 
 Appendix A Restrictive Covenants 
 1. Non-Solicit . 
 (a) Grantee acknowledges and recognizes the highly competitive nature of the businesses of the Company and its affiliates and accordingly agrees as follows 
 (i) Grantee will not, within twelve months following the termination of his employment with the Company for any reason (the Post-Termination Period or during Grantee s employment (collectively with the Post-Termination Period, the Restricted Period ), influence or attempt to influence customers of the Company or its subsidiaries or any of its present or future subsidiaries or affiliates, either directly or indirectly, to divert their business to any individual, partnership, firm, corporation or other entity then in competition with the business of the Company or any subsidiary or affiliate of the Company. 
 (ii) During the Restricted Period, Grantee will not, and will not, directly or indirectly, cause any other person to, initiate or respond to communications with or from, any employee of the Company or its subsidiaries during the twelve-month period prior to the termination of such employee s employment with the Company, for the purpose of soliciting such employee, or facilitating the hiring of any such employee, to work for any other business, individual, partnership, firm, corporation, or other entity and 
 (b) It is expressly understood and agreed that although Grantee and the Company consider the restrictions contained in this Appendix A to be reasonable, if a final judicial determination is made by a court of competent jurisdiction, that the time or territory or any other restriction contained in this Agreement is an unenforceable restriction against Grantee, the provisions of this Agreement shall not be rendered void but shall be deemed amended to apply as to such maximum time and territory and to such maximum extent as such court may judicially determine or indicate to be enforceable. Alternatively, if any court of competent jurisdiction finds that any restriction contained in this Agreement is unenforceable, and such restriction cannot be amended so as to make it enforceable, such finding shall not affect the enforceability of any of the other restrictions contained herein. 
 (c) The period of time during which the provisions of this Appendix A shall be in effect shall be extended by the length of time during which Grantee is in breach of the terms hereof as determined by any court of competent jurisdiction on the Company s application for injunctive relief. 
 2. Survival . 
 (a) The provisions of this Appendix A shall survive the termination of Grantee s employment for any reason. 

</EX-10.28>

<EX-21>
 7
 v2x-12312022ex21subsidiari.htm
 EX-21

Document 
 Exhibit 21 

 SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT 
 
 Set forth below are the names of subsidiaries of V2X, Inc. and the respective jurisdiction in which each was organized. 
 NAME 
 JURISDICTION OF ORGANIZATION 
 Advantor Systems Corporation 
 Florida 
 Advantor Systems, LLC 
 Delaware 
 Al-Shabaka for Protection Products Marketing and General Support Services LLC 
 Luxembourg 
 
 Andor Merger Sub LLC 
 Delaware 
 Army Sustainment LLC 
 Delaware 
 Delex Systems, Incorporated 
 Virginia 
 Flight International Aviation LLC 
 Delaware 
 Higgins, Hermansen, Banikus, LLC 
 Nevada 
 KGlobal, LLC 
 Virginia 
 MARCOS Vermogensverwaltung GmbH 
 Germany 
 Professional Training Services de Mexico S. de R.L. de C.V. 
 Mexico 
 Vertex Professional Services Company S.A. 
 Spain 
 Vertex Professional Services GmbH 
 Germany 
 Raytheon Professional Services GmbH 
 Italy 
 VPS Filial Sverige 
 Sweden 
 Raytheon Professional Services GmbH 
 Switzerland 
 Raytheon Professional Services GmbH 
 Czech Republic 
 Raytheon Professional Services GmbH 
 Hungary 
 Vertex Professional Services GmbH 
 Norway 
 Vertex Professional Services GmbH 
 France 
 Vertex Professional Services GmbH 
 Portugal 
 Vertex Professional Services GmbH 
 Finland 
 V2X Asia Global Pte. 
 Singapore 
 Vector International Aviation LLC 
 Delaware 
 Vectrus Facility Services GmbH 
 Germany 
 Vectrus Federal Services GmbH 
 Germany 
 Vectrus Federal Services International, Ltd. 
 Cayman Islands 
 Vectrus Global Support Services LLP 
 India 
 Vectrus International LLC 
 Colorado 
 Vectrus Mission Systems Ltd. 
 United Kingdom 
 Vectrus Overseas Ventures LLC 
 Virginia 
 Vectrus Saudi Arabia for Commercial Services 
 Saudi Arabia 
 Vectrus Services (Thailand) Co., LTD 
 Thailand 
 Vectrus Services A S 
 Denmark 
 Vectrus Services Australia Pty. Ltd. 
 Australia 
 Vectrus Services Greenland ApS 
 Greenland 
 Vectrus Services Kenya Limited 
 Kenya 
 Vectrus Services Korea Limited 
 Korea 
 Vectrus Services Muscat LLC 
 Oman 
 Vectrus Services Niger 
 Niger 

Exhibit 21 

 Vectrus Services Philippines, Inc. 
 Philippines 
 Vectrus Services PTE. LTD 
 Singapore 
 Vectrus Subic Corporation 
 Philippines 
 Vectrus Systems Corporation 
 Delaware 
 Vectrus Systems Corporation (Jordan) 
 Jordan 
 Vertex Aerospace Intermediate LLC 
 Delaware 
 Vertex Aerospace LLC 
 Delaware 
 Vertex Aerospace Services Corp. 
 Delaware 
 Vertex Aircraft Integration and Sustainment LLC 
 Delaware 
 Vertex Company Germany GmbH 
 Germany 
 Vertex Company UK 1 Limited 
 United Kingdom 
 Vertex Modernization and Sustainment LLC 
 Delaware 
 Vertex Professional Services LLC 
 Delaware 
 Vertex Systems Israel Company 
 Delaware 
 Vertex Technical Services International Company 
 Delaware 
 Vertex Technologies Canada Inc. 
 Canada 
 VMSC Afghanistan LLC 
 Delaware 

Set forth below is our significant joint venture and the respective jurisdiction in which it was organized. 
 NAME 
 JURISDICTION OF ORGANIZATION 
 ServCore Resources & Services Solutions Ltd. 
 Abu Dhabi 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 8
 v2x-12312022ex23rsmconsent.htm
 EX-23

Document 
 Exhibit 23 

 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement No. 333-267223 on Form S-3 and Registration Statements No. 333-198895, No. 333-266022 and No. 333-268173 on Forms S-8 of V2X, Inc. of our reports dated March 2, 2023, relating to the consolidated financial statements and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of V2X, Inc., appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of V2X, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

s RSM US LLP 
 
 McLean, Virginia 
 March 2, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-23.1>
 9
 v2x-12312022ex231deloittec.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement No. 333-267223 on Form S-3 and Registration Statement Nos. 333-268173, 333-266022, and 333-198895 on Form S-8 of our report dated March 7, 2022, relating to the financial statements of V2X, Inc. (formerly Vectrus, Inc.) and subsidiaries appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

s Deloitte & Touche LLP 
 
 Denver, Colorado 
 March 2, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 10
 v2x-12312022ex311ceocert12.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 
 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Charles L. Prow, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of V2X, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date March 2, 2023 s Charles L. Prow Charles L. Prow President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 11
 v2x-12312022ex312cfocert12.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 
 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Susan D. Lynch, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of V2X, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date March 2, 2023 s Susan D. Lynch Susan D. Lynch Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 12
 v2x-12312022ex321ceocert12.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 

Certification of President and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 (18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350) 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of V2X, Inc. (the Company for the period ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to his knowledge 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date March 2, 2023 s Charles L. Prow Charles L. Prow President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 13
 v2x-12312022ex322cfocert12.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 

Certification of Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 (18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350) 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of V2X, Inc. (the Company for the period ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to her knowledge 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date March 2, 2023 s Susan D. Lynch Susan D. Lynch Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 14
 vec-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 15
 vec-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 16
 vec-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 17
 vec-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 18
 vec-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

