<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230313_10-K_edgar_data_1853580_0001829126-23-002011.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5033458</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>519365</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>807065</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1783934</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>831803</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>946742</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001829126-23-002011.hdr.sgml : 20230313
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230313171032
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001829126-23-002011
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		51
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230313
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230313

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			PORTAGE FINTECH ACQUISITION CORP.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001853580
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				981592069
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40639
		FILM NUMBER:		23728165

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		161 BAY STREET, SUITE 5000
		CITY:			TORONTO
		STATE:			A6
		ZIP:			M5J 2S1
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(416) 607-2250

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		161 BAY STREET, SUITE 5000
		CITY:			TORONTO
		STATE:			A6
		ZIP:			M5J 2S1

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001829126-23-002011.txt : 20230313

10-K
 1
 portagefintech_10k.htm
 10-K

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 WASHINGTON,
D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(Mark
One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 2022 

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from _______ to _______ 

COMMISSION
FILE NUMBER 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 Identification Number) 

, 

, 

(Address of principal
 executive offices) 
 
 (Zip Code) 

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code 

Not
Applicable 

 (Former
name or former address, if changed since last report) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of Each Class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol: 
 
 Name
 of Each Exchange on Which Registered 

The Stock Market
 LLC 

The Stock Market
 LLC 

The Stock Market
 LLC 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports) and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to
Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
registrant was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K (Section 229.405 of this chapter) is
not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements
incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). No 

At
June 30, 2022, the aggregate market value of the Registrant s voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates was
 . 

As
of March 7, 2023, the Registrant had of its Class A ordinary shares, 0.0001 par value per share, and of its
Class B ordinary shares, 0.0001 par value per share, outstanding. 

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Table
of Contents 

CAUTIONARY
 NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
 ii 

SUMMARY
 OF RISK FACTORS 
 
 iii 

PART
 I 
 
 1 
 
 ITEM 1.
 BUSINESS. 
 
 1 
 
 ITEM 1A.
 RISK FACTORS. 
 
 10 
 
 ITEM 1B.
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS. 
 
 47 
 
 ITEM 2.
 PROPERTIES. 
 
 47 
 
 ITEM 3.
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. 
 
 47 
 
 ITEM 4.
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES. 
 
 47 

PART
 II 
 
 48 
 
 ITEM 5.
 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. 
 
 48 
 
 ITEM 6.
 [RESERVED] 
 
 48 
 
 ITEM 7.
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. 
 
 49 
 
 ITEM 7A.
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK. 
 
 53 
 
 ITEM 8.
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA. 
 
 53 
 
 ITEM 9.
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. 
 
 53 
 
 ITEM 9A.
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. 
 
 53 
 
 ITEM 9B.
 OTHER INFORMATION. 
 
 54 
 
 ITEM 9C.
 DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS. 
 
 54 

PART III 
 
 55 
 
 ITEM 10.
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE. 
 
 55 
 
 ITEM 11.
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION. 
 
 66 
 
 ITEM 12.
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS. 
 
 67 
 
 ITEM 13.
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE. 
 
 69 
 
 ITEM 14.
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES. 
 
 71 

PART
 IV 
 
 72 
 
 ITEM 15.
 EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES. 
 
 72 

SIGNATURES 
 
 75 

i 

CAUTIONARY
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This
report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, or the Securities Act,
and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or the Exchange Act. Some of the statements in this report may constitute
 forward-looking statements for purposes of the federal securities laws. Our forward-looking statements include, but are
not limited to, statements regarding our or our management team s expectations, hopes, beliefs, intentions or strategies regarding
the future. In addition, any statements that refer to projections, forecasts or other characterizations of future events or circumstances,
including any underlying assumptions, are forward-looking statements. The words anticipate, believe, continue, 
 could, estimate, expect, intend, may, might, plan, 
 possible, potential, predict, project, should, would 
and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements, but the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not
forward-looking. Forward-looking statements in this report may include, for example, statements about: 

our
 ability to select an appropriate target business or businesses; 

our
 ability to complete our initial business combination; 

our
 expectations around the performance of a prospective target business or businesses; 

our
 success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or
 directors following our initial business combination; 

our
 officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts
 of interest with our business or in approving our initial business combination; 

our
 potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination; 

our
 pool of prospective target businesses; 

the
 ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential business combination
 opportunities; 

our
 public securities potential liquidity and trading; 

the
 use of proceeds not held in the Trust Account (as described below) or available to us from
 interest income on the Trust Account balance; 

the
 Trust Account not being subject to claims of third parties; or 

our
 financial performance. 

The
forward-looking statements contained in this report are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments
and their potential effects on us. There can be no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated.
These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions
that may cause actual results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements.
These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those factors described under the heading Risk Factors. 
Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may
vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any
forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable
securities laws. 

ii 

SUMMARY
OF RISK FACTORS 

The
following is a summary of the principal risks described below in Part I, Item 1A Risk Factors in this Annual Report
on Form 10-K. We believe that the risks described in the Risk Factors section are material to investors, but other
factors not presently known to us or that we currently believe are immaterial may also adversely affect us. The following summary should
not be considered an exhaustive summary of the material risks facing us, and it should be read in conjunction with the Risk Factors 
section and the other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

We
 are a blank check company with no operating history and no revenues, and you have no basis
 on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective. 

Although
 we are required to seek shareholder approval of any initial business combination, our initial
 shareholders and management team and our advisors have agreed to vote in favor of such initial
 business combination, regardless of how our public shareholders vote. 

The
 ability of our public shareholders to redeem their shares for cash may make our financial
 condition unattractive to potential business combination targets, which may make it difficult
 for us to enter into a business combination with a target. 

The
 ability of our public shareholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large
 number of our shares may not allow us to complete the most desirable business combination
 or optimize our capital structure. 

The
 ability of our public shareholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large
 number of our shares could increase the probability that our initial business combination
 would be unsuccessful and that you would have to wait for liquidation in order to redeem
 your shares. 

The
 requirement that we consummate an initial business combination by July 23, 2023 may
 give potential target businesses leverage over us in negotiating a business combination and
 may limit the time we have in which to conduct due diligence on potential business combination
 targets, in particular as we approach our business combination deadline, which could undermine
 our ability to complete our initial business combination on terms that would produce value
 for our shareholders. 

Our
 search for a business combination, and any target business with which we ultimately consummate
 a business combination, may be materially adversely affected by the coronavirus (COVID-19)
 pandemic and other events, and the status of debt and equity markets. 

We
 may not be able to consummate an initial business combination by July 23, 2023, in which
 case we would cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up and we would redeem
 our public shares and liquidate. 

Our
 Sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors and their affiliates may elect to purchase
 public shares or public warrants, which may influence a vote on a proposed business combination
 and reduce the public float of our Class A ordinary shares or public warrants. 

If
 a shareholder fails to receive notice of our offer to redeem our public shares in connection
 with our initial business combination, or fails to comply with the procedures for tendering
 its shares, such shares may not be redeemed. 

The
 nominal purchase price paid by our Sponsor for the Founder Shares may result in significant
 dilution to the implied value of your public shares upon the consummation of our initial
 business combination. 

The
 value of the Founder Shares following completion of our initial business combination is likely
 to be substantially higher than the nominal price paid for them, even if the trading price
 of our Class A ordinary shares at such time is substantially less than 10.00 per share. 

iii 

You
 will not have any rights or interests in funds from the Trust Account, except under certain
 limited circumstances. Therefore, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to sell
 your public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss. 

You
 will not be entitled to protections normally afforded to investors of many other blank check
 companies. 

Because
 of our limited resources and the significant competition for business combination opportunities,
 it may be more difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. If we have
 not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period, our public
 shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per public share, or less in certain circumstances,
 on the liquidation of our Trust Account, and our warrants will expire worthless. 

If
 the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and Private Placement not being held in the
 Trust Account are insufficient to allow us to operate for at least until July 23, 2023,
 it could limit the amount available to fund our search for a target business or businesses
 and our ability to complete our initial business combination, and we will depend on loans
 from our Sponsor, its affiliates or members of our management team to fund our search and
 to complete our initial business combination. 

Changes
 in the market for directors and officers liability insurance could make it more difficult
 and more expensive for us to negotiate and complete an initial business combination. 

We
 may engage the underwriters from the Initial Public Offering or one of their affiliates to
 provide additional services to us, which may include acting as financial advisor in connection
 with an initial business combination or as placement agent in connection with a related financing
 transaction. Such underwriters are entitled to receive deferred commissions that will be
 released from the trust only on a completion of an initial business combination. These financial
 incentives may cause such underwriters to have potential conflicts of interest in rendering
 any such additional services to us, including, for example, in connection with the sourcing
 and consummation of an initial business combination. 

If
 we conduct redemptions of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination
 pursuant to the proxy solicitation rules instead of pursuant to the tender offer rules, and
 if you or a group of shareholders are deemed to hold in excess of 15 of our
 Class A ordinary shares, you will lose the ability to redeem all such shares in excess of
 15 of our Class A ordinary shares. 

Nasdaq
 may delist our securities from trading on its exchange, which could limit investors 
 ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us to additional trading restrictions. 

Past
 performance by our management team or their respective affiliates may not be indicative of
 future performance of an investment in us or in the future performance of the business we
 may acquire. 

The
 other risks and uncertainties discussed in Item 1A. Risk Factors and elsewhere
 in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

iv 

PART
I 

References
in this report to we, us or the Company refer to Portage Fintech Acquisition Corporation. References
to our management or our management team refer to our officers and directors, and references to the Sponsor 
refer to PFTA I LP, an Ontario limited partnership. References to our initial shareholders refer to the holders of our
Founder Shares (as defined below). 

ITEM 1.
BUSINESS. 

Introduction 

Portage
Fintech Acquisition Corporation (the Company is a blank check company incorporated in the Cayman Islands on March 17,
2021. The Company was formed for the purpose of effectuating a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization
or other similar business combination with one or more businesses (the Business Combination ). The Company is an early stage
and emerging growth company and, as such, the Company is subject to all of the risks associated with early stage and emerging growth
companies. 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company had not yet commenced any operations. All activity for the period March 17, 2021 (inception)
through December 31, 2022 relates to the Company s formation, the initial public offering (the Initial Public Offering ),
which is described below. The Company will not generate any operating revenues until after the completion of its initial Business Combination,
at the earliest. The Company will generate non-operating income in the form of interest income from the proceeds derived from the Initial
Public Offering. The Company has selected December 31 as its fiscal year end. 

The
Company s sponsor is PFTA I LP, an Ontario limited partnership (the Sponsor ). The registration statement for the
Company s Initial Public Offering was declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC on July 20,
2021. On July 23, 2021, the Company consummated its Initial Public Offering of 24,000,000 units (the Units and, with
respect to the Class A ordinary shares included in the Units being offered, the Public Shares ), at 10.00 per Unit, generating
gross proceeds of 240.0 million. 

The
Company incurred offering costs in the Initial Public Offering totaling 14,355,016, consisting of 4,800,000 of underwriting fees, 8,400,000
of deferred underwriting fees, and 1,155,016 of other offering cost. The Company granted the underwriters a 45-day option to purchase
up to an additional 3,600,000 Units at the Initial Public Offering price to cover over-allotments. 

Simultaneously
with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Company consummated the private placement Private Placement of 6,333,334
warrants (each, a Private Placement Warrant and collectively, the Private Placement Warrants ), at a price
of 1.50 per Private Placement Warrant with the Sponsor, generating gross proceeds of 9,500,000. 

Upon
the closing of the Initial Public Offering and the Private Placement, 240.0 million 10.00 per Unit) of the net proceeds of the Initial
Public Offering and certain of the proceeds of the Private Placement were placed in a trust account Trust Account with
Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company acting as trustee and invested in United States government securities within
the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act having
a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment
Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations, as determined by the Company, until the earlier of: (i)
the completion of a Business Combination and (ii) the distribution of the Trust Account as described below. 

On
August 3, 2021, the underwriters notified the Company of their intention to partially exercise the over-allotment option on August 5,
2021 (the Over-Allotment ). As such, on August 5, 2021, the Company consummated the sale of an additional 1,911,379
Units, at 10.00 per Unit, and the sale of an additional 254,850 Private Placement Warrants, at 1.50 per Private Placement Warrant,
generating total gross proceeds of 19,113,790 and 382,275, respectively. The underwriters forfeited the balance of the over-allotment
option. A total of 19,113,790 of the net proceeds was deposited into the Trust Account, bringing the aggregate proceeds held in the
Trust Account to 259,113,790. The Company incurred additional offering costs of 1,051,258 in connection with the Over-Allotment (of
which 668,983 was for deferred underwriting fees). 

1 

On
August 15, 2022, one of the underwriters, Goldman Sachs Co. LLC Goldman Sachs ), waived all rights to the Deferred
Discount (as defined in the underwriting agreement, dated July 20, 2021, among the Company, Goldman Sachs and BTIG, LLC). The Deferred
Discount was for an amount of approximately 6.5 million and was owed upon consummation by the Company of an initial business combination. 

The
Company s management has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering
and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants, although substantially all of the net proceeds, which are placed in the Trust Account,
are intended to be applied generally toward consummating a Business Combination. The Company s initial Business Combination must
be with one or more target businesses that together have a fair market value equal to at least 80 of the balance held in the Trust Account
(less any deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on interest earned on the Trust Account) at the time the Company signs
a definitive agreement in connection with the initial Business Combination. However, the Company will only complete a Business Combination
if the post-Business Combination company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise
acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment
Company Act. 

The
Company will provide its holders of the outstanding Public Shares (the Public Shareholders with the opportunity to redeem
all or a portion of their Public Shares upon the completion of a Business Combination either (i) in connection with a shareholder meeting
called to approve the Business Combination pursuant to the proxy solicitation rules of the SEC or (ii) by means of a tender offer. In
connection with a proposed Business Combination, the Company will be required to seek shareholder approval of a Business Combination
at a meeting called for such purpose at which shareholders may seek to redeem their shares, regardless of whether they vote for or against
a Business Combination. The Company will proceed with a Business Combination only if the Company has net tangible assets of at least
 5,000,001 either immediately prior to or upon such consummation of a Business Combination and a majority of the outstanding shares voted
are voted in favor of the Business Combination. 

Notwithstanding
the foregoing, the Company s amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (the Articles provide that,
a Public Shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert
or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange
Act )), will be restricted from seeking redemption rights with respect to 15 or more of the Public Shares without the Company s
prior written consent. 

The
Public Shareholders will be entitled to redeem their shares for a pro rata portion of the amount then in the Trust Account (initially
 10.00 per share, plus any pro rata interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company
to pay its tax obligations). The per-share amount to be distributed to shareholders who redeem their shares will not be reduced by the
deferred underwriting commissions the Company will pay to the underwriters. There will be no redemption rights upon the completion of
a Business Combination with respect to the Company s warrants. These Public Shares are recorded at a redemption value and classified
as temporary equity upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering, in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 480 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity. 

If
the Company is not required to conduct redemptions pursuant to the proxy solicitation rules as described above, the Company will, pursuant
to its Articles, offer such redemption pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC, and file tender offer documents containing substantially
the same information as would be included in a proxy statement with the SEC prior to completing a Business Combination. 

The
Company s Sponsor, officers, directors and advisors have agreed (a) to vote their Founder Shares and any Public Shares purchased
during or after the Initial Public Offering in favor of a Business Combination, (b) not to redeem any shares (including the Founder Shares)
into the right to receive cash from the Trust Account in connection with a shareholder vote to approve a Business Combination or a vote
to amend the provisions of the Articles relating to shareholders rights of pre-Business Combination activity and (c) that the
Founder Shares shall not participate in any liquidating distributions upon winding up if a Business Combination is not consummated. However,
the Sponsor and the Company s officers, directors and advisors will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account
with respect to any Public Shares purchased during or after the Initial Public Offering if the Company fails to complete its Business
Combination. 

2 

If
the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination within 24 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering, or July 23,
2023 (the Combination Period ), the Company will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as
promptly as reasonably possible but no more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable
in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust
Account and not previously released to the Company to pay taxes (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided
by the number of then outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish Public Shareholders rights as shareholders
(including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably
possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the remaining shareholders and the Company s board of directors,
proceed to commence a voluntary liquidation and thereby a formal dissolution of the Company, subject in each case to its obligations
under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of applicable law. The underwriters have agreed to waive their
rights to the deferred underwriting commission held in the Trust Account in the event the Company does not complete a Business Combination
within the Combination Period and, in such event, such amounts will be included with the funds held in the Trust Account that will be
available to fund the redemption of the Public Shares. In the event of such distribution, it is possible that the per share value of
the assets remaining available for distribution will be less than the Initial Public Offering price per Unit 10.00. 

The
Sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to the Company if and to the extent any claims by a third party for services rendered or products
sold to the Company, or a prospective target business with which the Company has discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce
the amount of funds in the Trust Account to below the lesser of (i) 10.00 per Public Share and (ii) the actual amount per Public Share
held in the Trust Account as of the date of liquidation of the Trust Account, if less than 10.00 per share due to reductions in the
value of the trust assets, less taxes payable, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third party or prospective
target business who executed a waiver of any and all rights to monies held in the Trust Account (whether or not such waiver is enforceable)
nor will it apply to any claims under the Company s indemnity of the underwriters of the Initial Public Offering against certain
liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). However, the Company
has not asked the Sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor has the Company independently verified whether the Sponsor
has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and believe that the Sponsor s only assets are securities of the Company.
Therefore, the Company cannot assure its shareholders that the Sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. None of the Company s
officers or directors will indemnify the Company for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective
target businesses. The Company will seek to reduce the possibility that the Sponsor will have to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims
of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses or other entities with which the Company
does business, execute agreements with the Company waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the
Trust Account. 

Effecting
Our Initial Business Combination 

General 

We
are not presently engaged in, and we will not engage in, any operations for an indefinite period of time. We intend to effectuate our
initial business combination using cash from the proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the private placement of the private placement
warrants, the proceeds of the sale of our shares in connection with our initial business combination (pursuant to forward purchase agreements
or backstop agreements we may enter into), shares issued to the owners of the target, debt issued to bank or other lenders or the owners
of the target, or a combination of the foregoing. We may seek to complete our initial business combination with a company or business
that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth, which would subject us to the numerous risks inherent
in such companies and businesses. 

If
our initial business combination is paid for using equity or debt securities, or not all of the funds released from the Trust Account
are used for payment of the consideration in connection with our initial business combination or used for redemptions of our Class A
ordinary shares, we may use the balance of the cash released to us from the Trust Account following the closing for general corporate
purposes, including for maintenance or expansion of operations of the post-transaction company, the payment of principal or interest
due on indebtedness incurred in completing our initial business combination, to fund the purchase of other companies or for working capital. 

3 

We
may seek to raise additional funds through a private offering of debt or equity securities in connection with the completion of our initial
business combination and we may effectuate our initial business combination using the proceeds of such offering rather than using the
amounts held in the Trust Account. In addition, if we target businesses with enterprise values that are greater than we could acquire
with the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, and, as a result, if the cash portion
of the purchase price exceeds the amount available from the Trust Account, net of amounts needed to satisfy any redemptions by public
shareholders, we may be required to seek additional financing to complete such proposed initial business combination. Subject to compliance
with applicable securities laws, we would expect to complete such financing only simultaneously with the completion of our initial business
combination. In the case of an initial business combination funded with assets other than the Trust Account assets, our proxy materials
or tender offer documents disclosing the initial business combination would disclose the terms of the financing and, only if required
by law, we would seek shareholder approval of such financing. There is no limitation on our ability to raise funds through the issuance
of equity or equity-linked securities or through loans, advances or other indebtedness in connection with our initial business combination,
including pursuant to forward purchase agreements or backstop agreements we may enter into following consummation of the Initial Public
Offering. At this time, we are not a party to any arrangement or understanding with any third party with respect to raising any additional
funds through the sale of securities or otherwise. None of our Sponsor, officers, directors or shareholders is required to provide any
financing to us in connection with or after our initial business combination. 

Sources
of Target Businesses 

While
we may pursue an acquisition opportunity in any business, industry, sector or geographical location, we intend to focus on industries
that complement our team s background and capitalize on our ability to source and acquire a business in the FinTech or financial
services ecosystem, including key verticals such as Wealth and Asset Management, Consumer and SME Finance, Insurance, Payments, Information
Services and FinTech Infrastructure, that will benefit from our expertise in developing and executing value creation plans in those areas,
thereby positioning a target company for compounding growth over the long-term. While our sourcing efforts will primarily be concentrated
in the United States, we will also leverage our extensive global network to expand our pool of opportunities in several other geographies
including Western Europe and Canada. 

So
long as our securities are then listed on Nasdaq, our initial business combination must occur with one or more target businesses that
together have an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the net assets held in the Trust Account (excluding the deferred underwriting
commissions and taxes payable on the interest earned on the Trust Account) at the time of signing a definitive agreement in connection
with our initial business combination. If our board is not able to independently determine the fair market value of the target business
or businesses, we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or an independent valuation or appraisal firm with
respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. While we consider it unlikely that our board will not be able to make an independent determination
of the fair market value of a target business or businesses, it may be unable to do so if the board is less familiar or experienced with
the target company s business, there is a significant amount of uncertainty as to the value of the company s assets or prospects,
including if such company is at an early stage of development, operations or growth, or if the anticipated transaction involves a complex
financial analysis or other specialized skills and the board determines that outside expertise would be helpful or necessary in conducting
such analysis. Since any opinion, if obtained, would merely state that the fair market value of the target business meets the 80 of
the fair market value test, unless such opinion includes material information regarding the valuation of a target business or the consideration
to be provided, it is not anticipated that copies of such opinion would be distributed to our shareholders. However, if required under
applicable law, any proxy statement that we deliver to shareholders and file with the SEC in connection with a proposed transaction will
include such opinion. 

4 

We
anticipate structuring our initial business combination so that the post-business combination company in which our public shareholders
own shares will own or acquire 100 of the equity interests or assets of the target business or businesses. We may, however, structure
our initial business combination such that the post-business combination company owns or acquires less than 100 of such interests or
assets of the target business in order to meet certain objectives of the target management team or shareholders or for other reasons,
but we will only complete such business combination if the post-business combination company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding
voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register
as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, or the Investment Company Act. Even if the post-business
combination company owns or acquires 50 or more of the voting securities of the target, our shareholders prior to the business combination
may collectively own a minority interest in the post-business combination company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and
us in the business combination. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares in exchange
for all of the outstanding capital stock of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100 controlling interest in the target. However,
as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares, our shareholders immediately prior to our initial business combination
could own less than a majority of our outstanding shares subsequent to our initial business combination. If less than 100 of the equity
interests or assets of a target business or businesses are owned or acquired by the post-business combination company, the portion of
such business or businesses that is owned or acquired is what will be valued for purposes of the 80 of fair market value test. If the
business combination involves more than one target business, the 80 of fair market value test will be based on the aggregate value of
all of the target businesses and we will treat the target businesses together as the initial business combination for purposes of a tender
offer or for seeking shareholder approval, as applicable. 

In
evaluating a prospective target business, we expect to conduct an extensive due diligence review which may encompass, as applicable and
among other things, meetings with incumbent management and employees, document reviews, interviews of customers and suppliers, inspection
of facilities and a review of financial and other information about the target and its industry. We will also utilize our management
team s operational and capital planning experience. If we determine to move forward with a particular target, we will proceed to
structure and negotiate the terms of the business combination transaction. 

The
time required to select and evaluate a target business and to structure and complete our initial business combination, and the costs
associated with this process, are not currently ascertainable with any degree of certainty. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification
and evaluation of, and negotiation with, a prospective target business with which our initial business combination is not ultimately
completed will result in our incurring losses and will reduce the funds we can use to complete another business combination. The company
will not pay any consulting fees to members of our management team, or their respective affiliates, for services rendered to or in connection
with our initial business combination. In addition, we have agreed not to enter into a definitive agreement regarding an initial business
combination without the prior consent of our Sponsor, such consent to be provided by the Sponsor in the form of vote(s) in favor of the
business combination by those directors of the company that have been nominated by the Sponsor. 

We
are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our Sponsor, officers or directors.
In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our Sponsor or any of our officers
or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another
independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions that such initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial
point of view. We are not required to obtain such an opinion in any other context. 

Members
of our management team and our independent directors directly or indirectly own Founder Shares and/or private placement warrants and,
accordingly, may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which
to effectuate our initial business combination. Further, each of our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest with respect
to evaluating a particular business combination if the retention or resignation of any such officers and directors was included by a
target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our initial business combination. 

5 

Each
of our officers and directors presently has, and any of them in the future may have, additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations
to other entities, including entities that are affiliates of our Sponsor, pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required
to present a business combination opportunity to such entity. Accordingly, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business
combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he
or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such business combination opportunity to such entity, subject
to their fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law. If these other entities decide to pursue any such opportunity, we may be precluded
from pursuing the same. We do not believe, however, that the fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of our officers or directors
will materially affect our ability to complete our business combination. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
will provide that, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, we renounce any interest or expectancy in or in being offered an
opportunity to participate in any business combination opportunity: (i) which may be a corporate opportunity for both us and our Sponsor
or its affiliates and any companies in which our Sponsor or its affiliates have invested about which any of our officers or directors
acquires knowledge; or (ii) the presentation of which would breach an existing legal obligation of a director or officer to another entity,
and we will waive any claim or cause of action we may have in respect thereof. In addition our amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association will contain provisions to exculpate and indemnify, to the maximum extent permitted by law, such persons in respect of
any liability, obligation or duty to the company that may arise as a consequence of such persons becoming aware of any business opportunity
or failing to present such business opportunity. 

In
addition, our Sponsor, officers and directors may participate in, and our officers and directors have already participated in, the formation
of other blank check companies prior to completion of our initial business combination, and our officers and directors may also become
an officer or director of that other blank check company. As a result, our Sponsor, officers or directors could have conflicts of interest
in determining whether to present business combination opportunities to us or to any other blank check company with which they may become
or are involved. Under our administrative services and reimbursement agreement, we are required to indemnify our Sponsor and its affiliates
for any claims made by the company or a third party and resulting liabilities in respect of any investment opportunities sourced by them
and any liability arising with respect to their activities in connection with our affairs. Such indemnity will provide that the indemnified
parties cannot access the funds held in our trust account. We do not currently expect that any such other blank check company would materially
affect our ability to complete our initial business combination. In addition, our Sponsor, officers and directors, are not required to
commit any specified amount of time to our affairs, and, accordingly, will have conflicts of interest in allocating management time among
various business activities, including identifying potential business combinations and monitoring the related due diligence. 

Redemption
Rights for Public Shareholders upon Completion of Our Initial Business Combination 

We
will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Class A ordinary shares upon the completion
of our initial business combination at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust
Account calculated as of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial business combination, including interest earned on
the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, if any, divided by the number of then-outstanding
public shares, subject to the limitations described herein. The amount in the Trust Account is initially anticipated to be 10.00 per
public share. The per-share amount we will distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred
underwriting commissions we will pay to the underwriters. The redemption rights will include the requirement that a beneficial holder
must identify itself in order to validly redeem its shares. There will be no redemption rights upon the completion of our initial business
combination with respect to our warrants. Further, we will not proceed with redeeming our public shares, even if a public shareholder
has properly elected to redeem its shares, if a business combination does not close. Our Sponsor, each member of our management team
and our advisors have entered into an agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect
to any Founder Shares and public shares held by them in connection with (i) the completion of our initial business combination and (ii)
a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the
substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection
with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within
24 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders
of our Class A ordinary shares or pre-initial business combination activity. 

6 

Conduct
of Redemptions Pursuant to Tender Offer Rules 

In
the event we conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, our offer to redeem will remain open for at least 20 business days,
in accordance with Rule 14e-1(a) under the Exchange Act, and we will not be permitted to complete our initial business combination
until the expiration of the tender offer period. In addition, the tender offer will be conditioned on public shareholders not tendering
more than the number of public shares we are permitted to redeem. If public shareholders tender more shares than we have offered to purchase,
we will withdraw the tender offer and not complete such initial business combination. Upon the public announcement of our initial business
combination, if we elect to conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, we and our Sponsor will terminate any plan established
in accordance with Rule 10b5-1 to purchase Class A ordinary shares in the open market, in order to comply with Rule 14e-5 under
the Exchange Act. 

Permitted
Purchases and Other Transactions with Respect to Our Securities 

If
we conduct redemptions of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the proxy solicitation rules
instead of pursuant to the tender offer rules, our Sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase
public shares or warrants in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our
initial business combination. Additionally, at any time at or prior to our initial business combination, subject to applicable securities
laws (including with respect to material nonpublic information), our Sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors or their affiliates
may enter into transactions with investors and others to provide them with incentives to acquire public shares, vote their public shares
in favor of our initial business combination or not redeem their public shares. However, they have no current commitments, plans or intentions
to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions. None of the funds in the Trust
Account will be used to purchase public shares or warrants in such transactions. If they engage in such transactions, they will be restricted
from making any such purchases when they are in possession of any material non-public information not disclosed to the seller or if such
purchases are prohibited by Regulation M under the Exchange Act. 

In
the event that our Sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions from
public shareholders who have already elected to exercise their redemption rights or submitted a proxy to vote against our initial business
combination, such selling shareholders would be required to revoke their prior elections to redeem their shares and any proxy to vote
against our initial business combination. We do not currently anticipate that such purchases, if any, would constitute a tender offer
subject to the tender offer rules under the Exchange Act or a going-private transaction subject to the going-private rules under the
Exchange Act; however, if the purchasers determine at the time of any such purchases that the purchases are subject to such rules, the
purchasers will be required to comply with such rules. 

The
purpose of any such transaction could be to (i) vote in favor of the business combination and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining
shareholder approval of the business combination, (ii) reduce the number of public warrants outstanding or vote such warrants on any
matters submitted to the warrant holders for approval in connection with our initial business combination or (iii) satisfy a closing
condition in an agreement with a target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our
initial business combination, where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. Any such purchases of our securities
may result in the completion of our initial business combination that may not otherwise have been possible. 

In
addition, if such purchases are made, the public float of our Class A ordinary shares or public warrants may be reduced
and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced, which may make it difficult to maintain or obtain the quotation,
listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange. 

7 

Our
Sponsor, officers, directors and/or their affiliates anticipate that they may identify the shareholders with whom our Sponsor, officers,
directors or their affiliates may pursue privately negotiated transactions by either the shareholders contacting us directly or by our
receipt of redemption requests submitted by shareholders (in the case of Class A ordinary shares) following our mailing of tender offer
or proxy materials in connection with our initial business combination. To the extent that our Sponsor, officers, directors, advisors
or their affiliates enter into a private transaction, they would identify and contact only potential selling or redeeming shareholders
who have expressed their election to redeem their shares for a pro rata share of the Trust Account or vote against our initial business
combination, whether or not such shareholder has already submitted a proxy with respect to our initial business combination but only
if such shares have not already been voted at the shareholder meeting related to our initial business combination. Our Sponsor, executive
officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates will select which shareholders to purchase shares from based on the negotiated price
and number of shares and any other factors that they may deem relevant, and will be restricted from purchasing shares if such purchases
do not comply with Regulation M under the Exchange Act and the other federal securities laws. 

Our
Sponsor, officers, directors and/or their affiliates will be restricted from making purchases of shares if the purchases would violate
Section 9(a)(2) of, or Rule 10b-5 under, the Exchange Act. We expect any such purchases would be reported by such person pursuant
to Section 13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the extent such purchasers are subject to such reporting requirements. 

Limitation
on Redemption Upon Completion of Our Initial Business Combination If We Seek Shareholder Approval 

If
we conduct redemptions of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the proxy solicitation rules
instead of pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association will provide that a public
shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as
a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect
to more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in the Initial Public Offering, which we refer to as Excess Shares, 
without our prior consent. We believe this restriction will discourage shareholders from accumulating large blocks of shares, and subsequent
attempts by such holders to use their ability to exercise their redemption rights against a proposed business combination as a means
to force us or our management to purchase their shares at a significant premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable
terms. Absent this provision, a public shareholder holding more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in the Initial Public Offering
could threaten to exercise its redemption rights if such holder s shares are not purchased by us, our Sponsor or our management
at a premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. By limiting our shareholders ability to redeem no
more than 15 of the shares sold in the Initial Public Offering without our prior consent, we believe we will limit the ability of a
small group of shareholders to unreasonably attempt to block our ability to complete our initial business combination, particularly in
connection with a business combination with a target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain
amount of cash. However, we would not be restricting our shareholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares)
for or against our initial business combination. 

Redemption
of Public Shares and Liquidation If No Initial Business Combination 

Our
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that we will have until July 23, 2023, only 24 months from the
closing of the Initial Public Offering, to consummate an initial business combination. If we have not consummated an initial business
combination by July 23, 2023, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably
possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the
aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously
released to us to pay our taxes, if any (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses) divided by the number of the then-outstanding
public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to
receive further liquidation distributions, if any); and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to
the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and
(iii) to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There
will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to our warrants, which will expire worthless if we fail to complete
our initial business combination within the 24-month time period. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide
that, if we wind up for any other reason prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, we will follow the foregoing
procedures with respect to the liquidation of the Trust Account as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days
thereafter, subject to applicable Cayman Islands law. 

8 

Competition 

In
identifying, evaluating and selecting a target business for our initial business combination, we may encounter intense competition from
other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including other blank check companies, private equity groups and leveraged
buyout funds, public companies and operating businesses seeking strategic acquisitions. Many of these entities are well established and
have extensive experience identifying and effecting business combinations directly or through affiliates. Moreover, many of these competitors
possess greater financial, technical, human and other resources than us. Our ability to acquire larger target businesses will be limited
by our available financial resources. This inherent limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of a target business.
Furthermore, our obligation to pay cash in connection with our public shareholders who exercise their redemption rights may reduce the
resources available to us for our initial business combination and our outstanding warrants, and the future dilution they potentially
represent, may not be viewed favorably by certain target businesses. Either of these factors may place us at a competitive disadvantage
in successfully negotiating an initial business combination. 

Employees 

We
currently have 2 executive officers. These individuals are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters but they
intend to devote as much of their time as they deem necessary to our affairs until we have completed our initial business combination.
The amount of time they will devote in any time period will vary based on whether a target business has been selected for our initial
business combination and the stage of the business combination process we are in. We do not intend to have any full time employees prior
to the completion of our initial business combination. 

Available
Information 

We
are required to file Annual Reports on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q with the SEC on a regular basis, and are
required to disclose certain material events (e.g., changes in corporate control, acquisitions or dispositions of a significant amount
of assets other than in the ordinary course of business and bankruptcy) in a Current Report on Form 8-K. The SEC maintains an Internet
website that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with
the SEC. The SEC s Internet website is located at http://www.sec.gov . In addition, the Company will provide copies of these
documents without charge upon request from us in writing at 280 Park Avenue, 29F East, New York, NY, 10017 or by telephone at (212) 380-5605. 

9 

ITEM 1A.
RISK FACTORS. 

An
investment in our securities involves a high degree of risk. You should consider carefully all of the risks described below, together
with the other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the prospectus associated with our initial public offering
and the Registration Statement, before making a decision to invest in our securities. If any of the following events occur, our business,
financial condition and operating results may be materially adversely affected. In that event, the trading price of our securities could
decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment. 

Risks
Relating to Our Search for, Consummation of, or Inability to Consummate, a Business Combination, and Post-Business Combination Risks 

We
are a blank check company with no operating history and no revenues, and you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve
our business objective. 

We
are a blank check company incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands with no operating results. Because we lack an operating history,
you have no basis upon which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective of completing our initial business combination.
We may be unable to complete our initial business combination. If we fail to complete our initial business combination, we will never
generate any operating revenues. 

Although
we are required to seek shareholder approval of any initial business combination, our initial shareholders and management team and our
advisors have agreed to vote in favor of such initial business combination, regardless of how our public shareholders vote. 

Our
initial shareholders own, on an as-converted basis, 20 of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares. Our initial shareholders and management
team and our advisors also may from time to time purchase Class A ordinary shares prior to our initial business combination. Under our
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, we will complete our initial business combination only upon obtaining shareholder
approval of such business combination by an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law, unless a higher approval threshold is required
under Cayman Islands law. A quorum for such meeting will be present if the holders of a majority of issued and outstanding shares entitled
to vote at the meeting are represented in person or by proxy. As a result, in addition to our initial shareholders Founder Shares,
we would need 9,716,767, or 37.5 (assuming all issued and outstanding shares are voted), or 1,619,461, or 6.25 (assuming only the minimum
number of shares representing a quorum are voted) of the 25,911,379 public shares sold in the Initial Public Offering to be voted in
favor of an initial business combination in order to have our initial business combination approved. Accordingly, the agreement by our
Sponsor, each member of our management team and our advisors to vote in favor of our initial business combination will increase the likelihood
that we will receive the requisite shareholder approval for such initial business combination. 

The
ability of our public shareholders to redeem their shares for cash may make our financial condition unattractive to potential business
combination targets, which may make it difficult for us to enter into a business combination with a target. 

We
may seek to enter into a business combination transaction agreement with a prospective target that requires as a closing condition that
we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. If too many public shareholders exercise their redemption rights, we would not
be able to meet such closing condition and, as a result, would not be able to proceed with the business combination. Furthermore, in
no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 upon consummation
of our initial business combination and payment of deferred underwriting commissions (so that we do not then become subject to the SEC s
 penny stock rules). Consequently, if accepting all properly submitted redemption requests would cause our net tangible
assets to be less than 5,000,001 upon consummation of our initial business combination and payment of deferred underwriting commissions
or such greater amount necessary to satisfy a closing condition as described above, we would not proceed with such redemption and the
related business combination and may instead search for an alternate business combination. Prospective targets will be aware of these
risks and, thus, may be reluctant to enter into a business combination transaction with us. 

10 

The
ability of our public shareholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares may not allow us to complete
the most desirable business combination or optimize our capital structure. 

At
the time we enter into an agreement for our initial business combination, we will not know how many shareholders may exercise their redemption
rights, and therefore will need to structure the transaction based on our expectations as to the number of shares that will be submitted
for redemption. If our initial business combination agreement requires us to use a portion of the cash in the Trust Account to pay the
purchase price, or requires us to have a minimum amount of cash at closing, we will need to reserve a portion of the cash in the Trust
Account to meet such requirements, or arrange for third party financing. 

In
addition, if a large number of shares are submitted for redemption, we may need to restructure the transaction to reserve a greater portion
of the cash in the Trust Account or arrange for additional third party financing. Raising additional third party financing may involve
dilutive equity issuances or the incurrence of indebtedness at higher than desirable levels. Furthermore, this dilution would increase
to the extent that the anti-dilution provisions of the Class B ordinary shares result in the issuance of Class A ordinary shares on a
greater than one-to-one basis upon conversion of the Class B ordinary shares at the time of our initial business combination. The above
considerations may limit our ability to complete the most desirable business combination available to us or optimize our capital structure.
The amount of the deferred underwriting commissions payable to the underwriters will not be adjusted for any shares that are redeemed
in connection with an initial business combination. The per-share amount we will distribute to shareholders who properly exercise their
redemption rights will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commission and after such redemptions, the amount held in trust will
continue to reflect our obligation to pay the entire deferred underwriting commissions. 

The
ability of our public shareholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares could increase the probability
that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful and that you would have to wait for liquidation in order to redeem your shares. 

If
our initial business combination agreement requires us to use a portion of the cash in the Trust Account to pay the purchase price, or
requires us to have a minimum amount of cash at closing, the probability that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful
is increased. If our initial business combination is unsuccessful, you would not receive your pro rata portion of the funds in the Trust
Account until we liquidate the Trust Account. If you are in need of immediate liquidity, you could attempt to sell your shares in the
open market; however, at such time our shares may trade at a discount to the pro rata amount per share in the Trust Account. In either
situation, you may suffer a material loss on your investment or lose the benefit of funds expected in connection with our redemption
until we liquidate or you are able to sell your shares in the open market. 

The
requirement that we consummate an initial business combination by July 23, 2023 may give potential target businesses leverage over
us in negotiating a business combination and may limit the time we have in which to conduct due diligence on potential business combination
targets, in particular as we approach our business combination deadline, which could undermine our ability to complete our initial business
combination on terms that would produce value for our shareholders. 

Any
potential target business with which we enter into negotiations concerning a business combination will be aware that we must consummate
an initial business combination by July 23, 2023. Consequently, such target business may obtain leverage over us in negotiating
a business combination, knowing that if we do not complete our initial business combination with that particular target business, we
may be unable to complete our initial business combination with any target business. This risk will increase as we get closer to the
time frame described above. In addition, we may have limited time to conduct due diligence and may enter into our initial business combination
on terms that we would have rejected upon a more comprehensive investigation. 

11 

Our
search for a business combination, and any target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially
adversely affected by the coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic and other events, and the status of debt and equity markets. 

The
COVID-19 pandemic has adversely affected, and other events (such as terrorist attacks, natural disasters or a significant outbreak of
other infectious diseases) could adversely affect, the economies and financial markets worldwide, and the business of any potential target
business with which we consummate a business combination could be materially and adversely affected. Furthermore, we may be unable to
complete a business combination if concerns relating to COVID-19 continue to restrict travel, limit the ability to have meetings with
potential investors or the target company s personnel, vendors and services providers are unavailable to negotiate and consummate
a transaction in a timely manner. The extent to which COVID-19 impacts our search for a business combination will depend on future developments,
which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including new information which may emerge concerning the severity of COVID-19 and
the actions to contain COVID-19 or treat its impact, among others. If the disruptions posed by COVID-19 or other events (such as terrorist
attacks, natural disasters or a significant outbreak of other infectious diseases) continue for an extensive period of time, our ability
to consummate a business combination, or the operations of a target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination,
may be materially adversely affected. 

In
addition, our ability to consummate a transaction may be dependent on the ability to raise equity and debt financing which may be impacted
by COVID-19 and other events (such as terrorist attacks, natural disasters or a significant outbreak of other infectious diseases), including
as a result of increased market volatility, decreased market liquidity in third-party financing being unavailable on terms acceptable
to us or at all. 

We
may not be able to consummate an initial business combination by July 23, 2023, in which case we would cease all operations except
for the purpose of winding up and we would redeem our public shares and liquidate. 

We
may not be able to find a suitable target business and consummate an initial business combination by July 23, 2023. Our ability
to complete our initial business combination may be negatively impacted by general market conditions, volatility in the capital and debt
markets and the other risks described herein. For example, the outbreak of COVID-19 continues to grow both in the U.S. and globally and,
while the extent of the impact of the outbreak on us will depend on future developments, it could limit our ability to complete our initial
business combination, including as a result of increased market volatility, decreased market liquidity and third-party financing being
unavailable on terms acceptable to us or at all. Additionally, the outbreak of COVID-19 may negatively impact businesses we may seek
to acquire. If we have not consummated an initial business combination within such applicable time period, we will: (i) cease all operations
except for the purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem
the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including
interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, if any (less up to 100,000
of interest to pay dissolution expenses) divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely
extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any);
and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our
board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), to our obligations under Cayman Islands law
to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of
association provides that, if we wind up for any other reason prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, we will
follow the foregoing procedures with respect to the liquidation of the Trust Account as promptly as reasonably possible but not more
than ten business days thereafter, subject to applicable Cayman Islands law. In either such case, our public shareholders may receive
only 10.00 per public share, or less than 10.00 per public share, on the redemption of their shares, and our warrants will expire worthless. 

12 

Our
Sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors and their affiliates may elect to purchase public shares or public warrants, which may
influence a vote on a proposed business combination and reduce the public float of our Class A ordinary shares or public
warrants. 

If
we conduct redemptions of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the proxy solicitation rules
instead of pursuant to the tender offer rules, our Sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase
public shares or public warrants in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion
of our initial business combination, although they are under no obligation to do so. However, they have no current commitments, plans
or intentions to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions. None of the funds
in the Trust Account will be used to purchase public shares or public warrants in such transactions. 

In
the event that our Sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors or their affiliates purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions
from public shareholders who have already elected to exercise their redemption rights, such selling shareholders would be required to
revoke their prior elections to redeem their shares. The purpose of any such transaction could be to (1) vote in favor of the business
combination and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining shareholder approval of the business combination, (2) reduce the number
of public warrants outstanding or vote such warrants on any matters submitted to the warrant holders for approval in connection with
our initial business combination or (3) satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target that requires us to have a minimum
net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our initial business combination, where it appears that such requirement would
otherwise not be met. Any such purchases of our securities may result in the completion of our initial business combination that may
not otherwise have been possible. In addition, if such purchases are made, the public float of our Class A ordinary shares
or public warrants may be reduced and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced, which may make it difficult
to maintain or obtain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange. Any such purchases will
be reported pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the extent such purchasers are subject to such reporting
requirements. 

If
a shareholder fails to receive notice of our offer to redeem our public shares in connection with our initial business combination, or
fails to comply with the procedures for tendering its shares, such shares may not be redeemed. 

We
will comply with the proxy rules or tender offer rules, as applicable, when conducting redemptions in connection with our initial business
combination. Despite our compliance with these rules, if a shareholder fails to receive our proxy solicitation or tender offer materials,
as applicable, such shareholder may not become aware of the opportunity to redeem its shares. In addition, the proxy solicitation or
tender offer materials, as applicable, that we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination
will describe the various procedures that must be complied with in order to validly redeem or tender public shares. In the event that
a shareholder fails to comply with these procedures, its shares may not be redeemed. 

The
nominal purchase price paid by our Sponsor for the Founder Shares may result in significant dilution to the implied value of your public
shares upon the consummation of our initial business combination. 

We
offered our units at an offering price of 10.00 per unit and the amount in our Trust Account is 10.00 per public share, resulting in
an initial value of 10.00 per public share. However, prior to the Initial Public Offering, our Sponsor paid a nominal aggregate purchase
price of 25,000 for the Founder Shares, or approximately 0.003 per share. As a result, the value of your public shares may be significantly
diluted upon the consummation of our initial business combination, when the Founder Shares are converted into public shares. For example,
the following table shows the dilutive effect of the Founder Shares on the implied value of the public shares upon the consummation of
our initial business combination assuming that our equity value at that time is 259,113,790, which is the amount we would have for our
initial business combination in the Trust Account assuming no interest is earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and no public
shares are redeemed in connection with our initial business combination, and without taking into account any other potential impacts
on our valuation at such time, such as the trading price of our public shares, the business combination transaction costs (including
payment of 9,068,983 of deferred underwriting commissions), any equity issued or cash paid to the target s sellers or other third
parties, or the target s business itself, including its assets, liabilities, management and prospects, as well as the value of
our public and private warrants. At such valuation, each of our ordinary shares would have an implied value of 8.00 per share upon consummation
of our initial business combination, which is a 20.0 decrease as compared to the initial implied value per public share of 10.00. 

Public shares 
 25,911,379 
 
 Founder shares 
 6,477,845 
 
 Total shares 
 32,389,224 
 
 Total funds in trust available for initial business combination 
 259,113,790 
 
 Initial implied value per public share 
 10.00 
 
 Implied value per share upon consummation of initial business combination 
 8.00 

13 

The
value of the Founder Shares following completion of our initial business combination is likely to be substantially higher than the nominal
price paid for them, even if the trading price of our Class A ordinary shares at such time is substantially less than 10.00 per share. 

Upon
the closing of the Initial Public Offering, our Sponsor has invested in us an aggregate of 9,907,275, comprised of the 25,000 purchase
price for the Founder Shares and the 9,882,275 purchase price for the private placement warrants. Assuming a trading price of 10.00
per share upon consummation of our initial business combination, the 6,477,845 Founder Shares would have an aggregate implied value of
 64,778,450. Even if the trading price of our ordinary shares were as low as 1.53 per share, and the private placement warrants are
worthless, the value of the Founder Shares would be equal to the Sponsor s initial investment in us. As a result, our Sponsor is
likely to be able to make a substantial profit on its investment in us at a time when our public shares have lost significant value.
Accordingly, our management team, which owns interests in our Sponsor, may be more willing to pursue a business combination with a riskier
or less-established target business than would be the case if our Sponsor had paid the same per share price for the Founder Shares as
our public shareholders paid for their public shares. 

You
will not have any rights or interests in funds from the Trust Account, except under certain limited circumstances. Therefore, to liquidate
your investment, you may be forced to sell your public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss. 

Our
public shareholders will be entitled to receive funds from the Trust Account only upon the earliest to occur of: (i) our completion of
an initial business combination, and then only in connection with those Class A ordinary shares that such shareholder properly elected
to redeem, subject to the limitations described herein, (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly tendered in connection with
a shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of
our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial
business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by July 23, 2023
or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares or pre-initial business combination
activity, and (iii) the redemption of our public shares if we have not consummated an initial business combination by July 23, 2023,
subject to applicable law and as further described herein. Public shareholders who redeem their Class A ordinary shares in connection
with a shareholder vote described in clause (ii) in the preceding sentence shall not be entitled to funds from the Trust Account upon
the subsequent completion of an initial business combination or liquidation if we have not consummated an initial business combination
by July 23, 2023, with respect to such Class A ordinary shares so redeemed. In no other circumstances will a public shareholder
have any right or interest of any kind in the Trust Account. Holders of warrants will not have any right to the proceeds held in the
Trust Account with respect to the warrants. Accordingly, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to sell your public shares or
warrants, potentially at a loss. 

You
will not be entitled to protections normally afforded to investors of many other blank check companies. 

Since
the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the Private Placement are intended to be used to complete an initial business combination
with a target business that has not been selected, we may be deemed to be a blank check company under the United States
securities laws. However, because we have net tangible assets of at least 5,000,001 and have filed a Current Report on Form 8-K,
including an audited balance sheet demonstrating this fact, we are exempt from rules promulgated by the SEC to protect investors in blank
check companies, such as Rule 419. Accordingly, investors will not be afforded the benefits or protections of those rules. Among
other things, this means that we will have a longer period of time to complete our initial business combination than do companies subject
to Rule 419. Moreover, if the Initial Public Offering were subject to Rule 419, that rule would prohibit the release of any
interest earned on funds held in the Trust Account to us unless and until the funds in the Trust Account were released to us in connection
with our completion of an initial business combination. 

14 

As
the number of special purpose acquisition companies evaluating targets increases, attractive targets may become scarcer and there may
be more competition for attractive targets. This could increase the cost of our initial business combination and could even result in
our inability to find a target or to consummate an initial business combination. 

In
recent years, the number of special purpose acquisition companies that have been formed has increased substantially. Many potential targets
for special purpose acquisition companies have already entered into an initial business combination, and there are still many special
purpose acquisition companies preparing for an initial public offering, as well as many such companies currently in registration. As
a result, at times, fewer attractive targets may be available to consummate an initial business combination. 

In
addition, because there are more special purpose acquisition companies seeking to enter into an initial business combination with available
targets, the competition for available targets with attractive fundamentals or business models may increase, which could cause targets
companies to demand improved financial terms. Attractive deals could also become scarcer for other reasons, such as economic or industry
sector downturns, geopolitical tensions, or increases in the cost of additional capital needed to close business combinations or operate
targets post-business combination. This could increase the cost of, delay or otherwise complicate or frustrate our ability to find and
consummate an initial business combination, and may result in our inability to consummate an initial business combination on terms favorable
to our investors altogether. 

Because
of our limited resources and the significant competition for business combination opportunities, it may be more difficult for us to complete
our initial business combination. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period, our public
shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our Trust
Account, and our warrants will expire worthless. 

We
expect to encounter intense competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including private investors
(which may be individuals or investment partnerships), other blank check companies and other entities, domestic and international, competing
for the types of businesses we intend to acquire. Many of these individuals and entities are well-established and have extensive experience
in identifying and effecting, directly or indirectly, acquisitions of companies operating in or providing services to various industries.
Many of these competitors possess greater technical, human and other resources or more local industry knowledge than we do and our financial
resources will be relatively limited when contrasted with those of many of these competitors. While we believe there are numerous target
businesses we could potentially acquire with the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the Private Placement, our ability to
compete with respect to the acquisition of certain target businesses that are sizable will be limited by our available financial resources.
This inherent competitive limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of certain target businesses. Furthermore,
we are obligated to offer holders of our public shares the right to redeem their shares for cash at the time of our initial business
combination in conjunction with a shareholder vote or via a tender offer. Target companies will be aware that this may reduce the resources
available to us for our initial business combination. Any of these obligations may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully
negotiating a business combination. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period, our
public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our
Trust Account and our warrants will expire worthless. 

As
the number of special purpose acquisition companies evaluating targets increases, attractive targets may become scarcer and there may
be more competition for attractive targets. This could increase the cost of our initial business combination and could even result in
our inability to find a target or to consummate an initial business combination. 

In
recent years, the number of special purpose acquisition companies that have been formed has increased substantially. Many potential targets
for special purpose acquisition companies have already entered into an initial business combination, and there are still many special
purpose acquisition companies preparing for an initial public offering, as well as many such companies currently in registration. As
a result, at times, fewer attractive targets may be available to consummate an initial business combination. In addition, because there
are more special purpose acquisition companies seeking to enter into an initial business combination with available targets, the competition
for available targets with attractive fundamentals or business models may increase, which could cause targets companies to demand improved
financial terms. Attractive deals could also become scarcer for other reasons, such as economic or industry sector downturns, geopolitical
tensions, or increases in the cost of additional capital needed to close business combinations or operate targets post-business combination.
This could increase the cost of, delay or otherwise complicate or frustrate our ability to find and consummate an initial business combination,
and may result in our inability to consummate an initial business combination on terms favorable to our investors altogether. 

15 

If
the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and Private Placement not being held in the Trust Account are insufficient to allow us
to operate for at least until July 23, 2023, it could limit the amount available to fund our search for a target business or businesses
and our ability to complete our initial business combination, and we will depend on loans from our Sponsor, its affiliates or members
of our management team to fund our search and to complete our initial business combination. 

Of
the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering, only approximately 369,000 was available to us outside the Trust Account as of December 31,
2022 to fund our working capital requirements. We believe that the funds available to us outside of the Trust Account, together with
funds available from loans from our Sponsor, its affiliates or members of our management team will be sufficient to allow us to operate
for at least until July 23, 2023; however, we cannot assure you that our estimate is accurate, and our Sponsor, its affiliates or
members of our management team are under no obligation to advance funds to us in such circumstances. We could also use a portion of the
funds as a down payment or to fund a no-shop provision (a provision in letters of intent designed to keep target businesses
from shopping around for transactions with other companies or investors on terms more favorable to such target businesses)
with respect to a particular proposed business combination, although we do not have any current intention to do so. If we entered into
a letter of intent where we paid for the right to receive exclusivity from a target business and were subsequently required to forfeit
such funds (whether as a result of our breach or otherwise), we might not have sufficient funds to continue searching for, or conduct
due diligence with respect to, a target business. 

In
the event that the Initial Public Offering expenses exceed our estimate of 1,800,000, we may fund such excess with funds not to be held
in the Trust Account. In such case, unless funded by the proceeds of loans available from our Sponsor, its affiliates or members of our
management team the amount of funds we intend to be held outside the Trust Account would decrease by a corresponding amount. Conversely,
in the event that the offering expenses are less than our estimate of 1,800,000, the amount of funds we intend to be held outside the
Trust Account would increase by a corresponding amount. The amount held in the Trust Account will not be impacted as a result of such
increase or decrease. If we are required to seek additional capital, we would need to borrow funds from our Sponsor, its affiliates,
members of our management team or other third parties to operate or may be forced to liquidate. Neither our Sponsor, members of our management
team nor their affiliates is under any obligation to us in such circumstances. Any such advances may be repaid only from funds held outside
the Trust Account or from funds released to us upon completion of our initial business combination. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may
be convertible into warrants of the post-business combination entity at a price of 1.50 per warrant at the option of the lender. The
warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants. Prior to the completion of our initial business combination, we do not
expect to seek loans from parties other than our Sponsor, its affiliates or members of our management team as we do not believe third
parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our Trust Account.
If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period because we do not have sufficient funds available
to us, we will be forced to cease operations and liquidate the Trust Account. Consequently, our public shareholders may only receive
an estimated 10.00 per public share, or possibly less, on our redemption of our public shares, and our warrants will expire worthless. 

Subsequent
to our completion of our initial business combination, we may be required to take write-downs or write-offs, restructuring and impairment
or other charges that could have a significant negative effect on our financial condition, results of operations and the price of our
securities, which could cause you to lose some or all of your investment. 

Even
if we conduct extensive due diligence on a target business with which we combine, we cannot assure you that this diligence will identify
all material issues with a particular target business, that it would be possible to uncover all material issues through a customary amount
of due diligence, or that factors outside of the target business and outside of our control will not later arise. As a result of these
factors, we may be forced to later write-down or write-off assets, restructure our operations, or incur impairment or other charges that
could result in our reporting losses. Even if our due diligence successfully identifies certain risks, unexpected risks may arise and
previously known risks may materialize in a manner not consistent with our preliminary risk analysis. Even though these charges may be
non-cash items and not have an immediate impact on our liquidity, the fact that we report charges of this nature could contribute to
negative market perceptions about us or our securities. In addition, charges of this nature may cause us to violate net worth or other
covenants to which we may be subject as a result of assuming pre-existing debt held by a target business or by virtue of our obtaining
post-combination debt financing. Accordingly, any holders who choose to retain their securities following the business combination could
suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value. 

16 

If
third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the Trust Account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received
by shareholders may be less than 10.00 per public share. 

Our
placing of funds in the Trust Account may not protect those funds from third party claims against us. Although we will seek to have all
vendors, service providers (other than our independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses and other entities
with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held
in the Trust Account for the benefit of our public shareholders, such parties may not execute such agreements, or even if they execute
such agreements they may not be prevented from bringing claims against the Trust Account, including, but not limited to, fraudulent inducement,
breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case
in order to gain advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the Trust Account. If any third party
refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the Trust Account, our management will perform an analysis
of the alternatives available to it and will only enter into an agreement with a third party that has not executed a waiver if management
believes that such third party s engagement would be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative. 

Examples
of possible instances where we may engage a third party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third party consultant
whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would
agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. In addition,
there is no guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of,
any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the Trust Account for any reason. Upon redemption
of our public shares, if we have not consummated an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of the Initial Public
Offering, or upon the exercise of a redemption right in connection with our initial business combination, we will be required to provide
for payment of claims of creditors that were not waived that may be brought against us within the ten years following redemption. Accordingly,
due to the claims of such creditors, the per-share redemption amount received by public shareholders could be less than the 10.00 per
public share initially held in the Trust Account. Pursuant to the letter agreement, our Sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to
us if and to the extent any claims by a third party (other than our independent auditors) for services rendered or products sold to us,
or a prospective target business with which we have discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amounts in the Trust
Account to below the lesser of (i) 10.00 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the Trust Account as of
the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account, if less than 10.00 per public share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets,
in each case net of the interest that may be withdrawn to pay our tax obligations, provided that such liability will not apply to any
claims by a third party or prospective target business that executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the Trust Account
nor will it apply to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of the Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including
liabilities under the Securities Act. Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party,
our Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. However, we have not asked our Sponsor
to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor have we independently verified whether our Sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy
its indemnity obligations and we believe that our Sponsor s only assets are securities of our company. Therefore, we cannot assure
you that our Sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. 

As
a result, if any such claims were successfully made against the Trust Account, the funds available for our initial business combination
and redemptions could be reduced to less than 10.00 per public share. In such event, we may not be able to complete our initial business
combination, and you would receive such lesser amount per share in connection with any redemption of your public shares. None of our
officers or directors will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective
target businesses. 

17 

Our
directors may decide not to enforce the indemnification obligations of our Sponsor, resulting in a reduction in the amount of funds in
the Trust Account available for distribution to our public shareholders. 

In
the event that the proceeds in the Trust Account are reduced below the lesser of (i) 10.00 per public share and (ii) the actual amount
per public share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account is less than 10.00 per public share
due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest that may be withdrawn to pay our tax obligations,
and our Sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular
claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take legal action against our Sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations.
While we currently expect that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf against our Sponsor to enforce its indemnification
obligations to us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment and subject to their fiduciary
duties may choose not to do so in any particular instance. If our independent directors choose not to enforce these indemnification obligations,
the amount of funds in the Trust Account available for distribution to our public shareholders may be reduced below 10.00 per public
share. 

We
may not have sufficient funds to satisfy indemnification claims of our directors and executive officers, or of our Sponsor and its affiliates. 

We
have agreed to indemnify our officers and directors to the fullest extent permitted by law. Additionally, we have agreed under our administrative
services and reimbursement agreement to indemnify our Sponsor and its affiliates for any claims made by the company or a third party
and resulting liabilities in respect of any investment opportunities sourced by them and any liability arising with respect to their
activities in connection with our affairs. However, our officers and directors and our Sponsor and its affiliates have agreed to waive
any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies in the Trust Account and to not seek recourse against the Trust Account
for any reason whatsoever (except to the extent they are entitled to funds from the Trust Account due to their ownership of public shares).
Accordingly, any indemnification provided will be able to be satisfied by us only if (i) we have sufficient funds outside of the Trust
Account or (ii) we consummate an initial business combination. Our obligation to indemnify our officers and directors and our Sponsor
and its affiliates may discourage shareholders from bringing a lawsuit against our officers or directors for breach of their fiduciary
duty, or against our Sponsor and its affiliates for activities in connection with our affairs. These provisions also may have the effect
of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against our officers and directors and our Sponsor and its affiliates, even though
such an action, if successful, might otherwise benefit us and our shareholders. Furthermore, a shareholder s investment may be
adversely affected to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against our officers and directors pursuant to these
indemnification provisions. 

Changes
in the market for directors and officers liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate and
complete an initial business combination. 

In
recent months, the market for directors and officers liability insurance for special purpose acquisition companies has changed in ways
adverse to us and our management team. Fewer insurance companies are offering quotes for directors and officers liability coverage, the
premiums charged for such policies have generally increased and the terms of such policies have generally become less favorable. These
trends may continue into the future. 

The
increased cost and decreased availability of directors and officers liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive
for us to negotiate an initial business combination. In order to obtain directors and officers liability insurance or modify its coverage
as a result of becoming a public company, the post-business combination entity might need to incur greater expense, accept less favorable
terms or both. However, any failure to obtain adequate directors and officers liability insurance could have an adverse impact on the
post-business combination s ability to attract and retain qualified officers and directors. 

In
addition, even after we were to complete an initial business combination, our directors and officers could still be subject to potential
liability from claims arising from conduct alleged to have occurred prior to the initial business combination. As a result, in order
to protect our directors and officers, the post-business combination entity may need to purchase additional insurance with respect to
any such claims run-off insurance ). The need for run-off insurance would be an added expense for the post-business combination
entity, and could interfere with or frustrate our ability to consummate an initial business combination on terms favorable to our investors. 

18 

If,
after we distribute the proceeds in the Trust Account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary
bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, a bankruptcy or insolvency court may seek to recover such
proceeds, and the members of our board of directors may be viewed as having breached their fiduciary duties to our creditors, thereby
exposing the members of our board of directors and us to claims of punitive damages. 

If,
after we distribute the proceeds in the Trust Account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary
bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed
under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy or insolvency laws as either a preferential transfer or a fraudulent
conveyance. As a result, a bankruptcy or insolvency court could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our shareholders.
In addition, our board of directors may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or having acted in bad faith,
thereby exposing itself and us to claims of punitive damages, by paying public shareholders from the Trust Account prior to addressing
the claims of creditors. 

If,
before distributing the proceeds in the Trust Account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary
bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the claims of creditors in such proceeding may have priority
over the claims of our shareholders and the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our shareholders in connection with
our liquidation may be reduced. 

If,
before distributing the proceeds in the Trust Account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary
bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the Trust Account could be subject
to applicable bankruptcy or insolvency law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with
priority over the claims of our shareholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the Trust Account, the per-share amount that
would otherwise be received by our shareholders in connection with our liquidation may be reduced. 

If
we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, we may be required to institute burdensome compliance requirements
and our activities may be restricted, which may make it difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. 

If
we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, our activities may be restricted, including: 

restrictions
 on the nature of our investments; and 

restrictions
 on the issuance of securities, 

each
of which may make it difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. 

In
addition, we may have imposed upon us burdensome requirements, including: 

registration
 as an investment company; 

adoption
 of a specific form of corporate structure; and 

reporting,
 record keeping, voting, proxy and disclosure requirements and other rules and regulations
 that we are currently subject to. 

In
order not to be regulated as an investment company under the Investment Company Act, unless we can qualify for an exclusion, we must
ensure that we are engaged primarily in a business other than investing, reinvesting or trading of securities and that our activities
do not include investing, reinvesting, owning, holding or trading investment securities constituting more than 40 of our
assets (exclusive of U.S. government securities and cash items) on an unconsolidated basis. Our business is to identify and complete
a business combination and thereafter to operate the post-transaction business or assets for the long term. We do not plan to buy businesses
or assets with a view to resale or profit from their resale. We do not plan to buy unrelated businesses or assets or to be a passive
investor. 

19 

We
do not believe that our principal activities subject us to the Investment Company Act. To this end, the proceeds held in the Trust Account
may only be invested in United States government securities within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment
Company Act having a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated
under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. Pursuant to the trust agreement, the
trustee is not permitted to invest in other securities or assets. By restricting the investment of the proceeds to these instruments,
and by having a business plan targeted at acquiring and growing businesses for the long term (rather than on buying and selling businesses
in the manner of a merchant bank or private equity fund), we intend to avoid being deemed an investment company within
the meaning of the Investment Company Act. The Initial Public Offering is not intended for persons who are seeking a return on investments
in government securities or investment securities. The Trust Account is intended as a holding place for funds pending the earliest to
occur of either: (i) the completion of our initial business combination; (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly tendered in
connection with a shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance
or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with
our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by July 23,
2023, or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares or pre-initial business
combination activity; or (iii) absent our completing an initial business combination by July 23, 2023, our return of the funds held
in the Trust Account to our public shareholders as part of our redemption of the public shares. If we do not invest the proceeds as discussed
above, we may be deemed to be subject to the Investment Company Act. If we were deemed to be subject to the Investment Company Act, compliance
with these additional regulatory burdens would require additional expenses for which we have not allotted funds and may hinder our ability
to complete a business combination. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period, our
public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our
Trust Account and our warrants will expire worthless. 

Changes
in laws or regulations, or a failure to comply with any laws and regulations, may adversely affect our business, including our ability
to negotiate and complete our initial business combination, and results of operations. 

We
are subject to laws and regulations enacted by national, regional and local governments. In particular, we will be required to comply
with certain SEC and other legal requirements. Compliance with, and monitoring of, applicable laws and regulations may be difficult,
time consuming and costly. Those laws and regulations and their interpretation and application may also change from time to time and
those changes could have a material adverse effect on our business, investments and results of operations. In addition, a failure to
comply with applicable laws or regulations, as interpreted and applied, could have a material adverse effect on our business, including
our ability to negotiate and complete our initial business combination, and results of operations. 

Our
shareholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against us to the extent of distributions received by them upon redemption
of their shares. 

If
we are forced to enter into an insolvent liquidation, any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed as an unlawful payment
if it was proved that immediately following the date on which the distribution was made, we were unable to pay our debts as they fall
due in the ordinary course of business. As a result, a liquidator could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our shareholders.
Furthermore, our directors may be viewed as having breached their fiduciary duties to us or our creditors and/or may have acted in bad
faith, thereby exposing themselves and our company to claims, by paying public shareholders from the Trust Account prior to addressing
the claims of creditors. We cannot assure you that claims will not be brought against us for these reasons. We and our directors and
officers who knowingly and willfully authorized or permitted any distribution to be paid out of our share premium account while we were
unable to pay our debts as they fall due in the ordinary course of business would be guilty of an offence and may be liable for a fine
of approximately 18,000.00 and imprisonment for five years in the Cayman Islands. 

20 

We
may not hold an annual general meeting until after the consummation of our initial business combination. 

In
accordance with the Nasdaq corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold a general meeting until one year after our
first fiscal year end following our listing on Nasdaq. There is no requirement under the Companies Act for us to hold annual or extraordinary
general meetings to elect directors. Until we hold an annual general meeting, public shareholders may not be afforded the opportunity
to elect directors and to discuss company affairs with management. Our board of directors is divided into three classes with only one
class of directors being elected in each year and each class (except for those directors appointed prior to our first general meeting)
serving a three-year term. 

Because
we are neither limited to evaluating a target business in a particular industry, sector or geographic area nor have we selected any specific
target businesses with which to pursue our initial business combination, you will be unable to ascertain the merits or risks of any particular
target business s operations. 

We
may pursue business combination opportunities in any industry, sector or geographic area, except that we will not, under our amended
and restated memorandum and articles of association, be permitted to effectuate our initial business combination solely with another
blank check company or similar company with nominal operations. Because we have not yet selected or approached any specific target business
with respect to a business combination, there is no basis to evaluate the possible merits or risks of any particular target business s
operations, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity, financial condition or prospects. To the extent we complete our initial business
combination, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in the business operations with which we combine. For example, if we combine
with a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of sales or earnings, we may be affected by the risks
inherent in the business and operations of a financially unstable or a development stage entity. Although our officers and directors
will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or
assess all of the significant risk factors or that we will have adequate time to complete due diligence. Furthermore, some of these risks
may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely impact a
target business. We also cannot assure you that an investment in our units will ultimately prove to be more favorable to investors than
a direct investment, if such opportunity were available, in a business combination target. Accordingly, any holders who choose to retain
their securities following the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such holders are unlikely
to have a remedy for such reduction in value. 

We
may seek acquisition opportunities in industries or sectors which may or may not be outside of our management s area of expertise. 

We
will consider a business combination outside of our management s area of expertise if a business combination target is presented
to us and we determine that such candidate offers an attractive acquisition opportunity for our company. Although our management will
endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in any particular business combination target, we cannot assure you that we will adequately ascertain
or assess all of the significant risk factors. We also cannot assure you that an investment in our units will not ultimately prove to
be less favorable to investors than a direct investment, if an opportunity were available, in a business combination target. In the event
we elect to pursue an acquisition outside of the areas of our management s expertise, our management s expertise may not
be directly applicable to its evaluation or operation, and the information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K regarding
the areas of our management s expertise would not be relevant to an understanding of the business that we elect to acquire. As
a result, our management may not be able to adequately ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors. Accordingly, any holders
who choose to retain their securities following our initial business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities.
Such holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value. 

21 

Although
we may pursue an acquisition opportunity in any industry, we intend to focus on acquiring a business in the FinTech or financial services
industries, which may be challenged by various factors. 

Although
we may pursue an acquisition opportunity in any industry, we intend to focus on acquiring a business in the FinTech or financial services
industries. These industries may be challenged by various factors, including rapid change, evidenced by quickly changing market conditions
and/or participants, new competing products and/or services, short product life cycles and improvements in existing products. The ability
of any business combination target to succeed will be dependent upon its ability to constantly evolve its business to ensure that its
products keep pace with changing technologies and markets. In addition, any such target may be more susceptible to macroeconomic effects
and industry downturns. If our business combination target is unable to adequately address the risks posed by the industry in which it
operates, such target s profitability and results of operation following the business combination could be negatively impacted. 

Although
we have identified general criteria and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses, we may
enter into our initial business combination with a target that does not meet such criteria and guidelines, and as a result, the target
business with which we enter into our initial business combination may not have attributes entirely consistent with our general criteria
and guidelines. 

Although
we have identified general criteria and guidelines for evaluating prospective target businesses, it is possible that a target business
with which we enter into our initial business combination will not have all of these positive attributes. If we complete our initial
business combination with a target that does not meet some or all of these guidelines, such combination may not be as successful as a
combination with a business that does meet all of our general criteria and guidelines. In addition, if we announce a prospective business
combination with a target that does not meet our general criteria and guidelines, a greater number of shareholders may exercise their
redemption rights, which may make it difficult for us to meet any closing condition with a target business that requires us to have a
minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. In addition, it may be more difficult for us to attain shareholder approval of our initial
business combination if the target business does not meet our general criteria and guidelines. If we have not consummated our initial
business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per public share,
or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our Trust Account and our warrants will expire worthless. 

The
prior investment track records of our management team, our Sponsor and their affiliates may not be available on publicly available sources
or may be subject to confidentiality agreements. 

As
the prior investment track records of our management team, our Sponsor and their affiliates, including the investments and transactions
in which they have participated in and businesses with which they have been associated with, are primarily private transactions, information
regarding their involvement with such transactions may not be publicly available or is subject to confidentiality terms. This may limit
the availability of information to our investors and potential target businesses pertaining to our team s past track record which
in turn may adversely affect our marketing efforts and ability to generate attractive business combination opportunities for our company. 

We
are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent accounting or investment banking firm, and consequently, you may have no assurance
from an independent source that the price we are paying for the business is fair to our shareholders from a financial point of view. 

Unless
we complete our initial business combination with an affiliated entity, we are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent
accounting firm or independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA that the price we are paying is fair to our shareholders
from a financial point of view. If no opinion is obtained, our shareholders will be relying on the judgment of our board of directors,
who will determine fair market value based on standards generally accepted by the financial community. Such standards used will be disclosed
in our proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, related to our initial business combination. 

22 

We
may engage the underwriters from the Initial Public Offering or one of their affiliates to provide additional services to us, which may
include acting as financial advisor in connection with an initial business combination or as placement agent in connection with a related
financing transaction. Such underwriters are entitled to receive deferred commissions that will be released from the trust only on a
completion of an initial business combination. These financial incentives may cause such underwriters to have potential conflicts of
interest in rendering any such additional services to us, including, for example, in connection with the sourcing and consummation of
an initial business combination. 

We
may engage the underwriters from the Initial Public Offering or one of their affiliates to provide additional services to us, including,
for example, identifying potential targets, providing financial advisory services, acting as a placement agent in a private offering
or arranging debt financing. We may pay such underwriters or their affiliates fair and reasonable fees or other compensation that would
be determined at that time in an arm s length negotiation. The underwriters from the Initial Public Offering are also entitled
to receive deferred commissions that are conditioned on the completion of an initial business combination. The fact that such underwriters
or their affiliates financial interests are tied to the consummation of a business combination transaction may give rise to potential
conflicts of interest in providing any such additional services to us, including potential conflicts of interest in connection with the
sourcing and consummation of an initial business combination. 

Because
we must furnish our shareholders with target business financial statements, we may lose the ability to complete an otherwise advantageous
initial business combination with some prospective target businesses. 

The
federal proxy rules require that a proxy statement with respect to a vote on a business combination meeting certain financial significance
tests include historical and/or pro forma financial statement disclosure in periodic reports. We will include the same financial statement
disclosure in connection with our tender offer documents, whether or not they are required under the tender offer rules. These financial
statements may be required to be prepared in accordance with, or be reconciled to, accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America, or GAAP, or international financial reporting standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board,
or IFRS, depending on the circumstances and the historical financial statements may be required to be audited in accordance with the
standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), or PCAOB. These financial statement requirements may limit
the pool of potential target businesses we may acquire because some targets may be unable to provide such statements in time for us to
disclose such statements in accordance with federal proxy rules and complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time
frame. 

Resources
could be wasted in researching acquisitions that are not completed, which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate
and acquire or merge with another business. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period,
our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation
of our Trust Account and our warrants will expire worthless. 

We
anticipate that the investigation of each specific target business and the negotiation, drafting and execution of relevant agreements,
disclosure documents and other instruments will require substantial management time and attention and substantial costs for accountants,
attorneys and others. If we decide not to complete a specific initial business combination, the costs incurred up to that point for the
proposed transaction likely would not be recoverable. Furthermore, if we reach an agreement relating to a specific target business, we
may fail to complete our initial business combination for any number of reasons including those beyond our control. Any such event will
result in a loss to us of the related costs incurred which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire
or merge with another business. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period, our public
shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our Trust
Account and our warrants will expire worthless. 

23 

Compliance
obligations under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may make it more difficult for us to effectuate a business combination, require substantial
financial and management resources, and increase the time and costs of completing an acquisition. 

Section 404
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires that we evaluate and report on our system of internal controls beginning with our Annual Report on
Form 10-K for the year ending December 31, 2022. Only in the event we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated
filer and no longer qualify as an emerging growth company, will we be required to comply with the independent registered public accounting
firm attestation requirement on our internal control over financial reporting. The fact that we are a blank check company makes compliance
with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act particularly burdensome on us as compared to other public companies because a target
business with which we seek to complete our initial business combination may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act regarding adequacy of its internal controls. The development of the internal control of any such entity to achieve compliance with
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such acquisition. 

We
do not have a specified maximum redemption threshold. The absence of such a redemption threshold may make it possible for us to complete
our initial business combination with which a substantial majority of our shareholders do not agree. 

Our
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association do not provide a specified maximum redemption threshold, except that in no
event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 (so that we do
not then become subject to the SEC s penny stock rules). As a result, we may be able to complete our initial business
combination even though a substantial majority of our public shareholders do not agree with the transaction and have redeemed their shares
or, if we have entered into privately negotiated agreements to sell their shares to our Sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or their
affiliates. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all Class A ordinary shares that are validly
submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed business combination
exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the business combination or redeem any shares, all Class A
ordinary shares submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof, and we instead may search for an alternate business
combination. 

In
order to effectuate an initial business combination, blank check companies have, in the recent past, amended various provisions of their
charters and other governing instruments, including their warrant agreements. We cannot assure you that we will not seek to amend our
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association or governing instruments in a manner that will make it easier for us to complete
our initial business combination that our shareholders may not support. 

In
order to effectuate a business combination, blank check companies have, in the recent past, amended various provisions of their charters
and governing instruments, including their warrant agreements. For example, blank check companies have amended the definition of business
combination, increased redemption thresholds, extended the time to consummate an initial business combination and, with respect to their
warrants, amended their warrant agreements to require the warrants to be exchanged for cash and/or other securities. Amending our amended
and restated memorandum and articles of association will require at least a special resolution of our shareholders as a matter of Cayman
Islands law, and amending our warrant agreement will require a vote of holders of at least 65 of the public warrants and, solely with
respect to any amendment to the terms of the private placement warrants or any provision of the warrant agreement with respect to the
private placement warrants, 65 of the number of the then outstanding private placement warrants. In addition, our amended and restated
memorandum and articles of association requires us to provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares
for cash if we propose an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance
or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with
our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete an initial business combination by July 23,
2023 or (B) with respect to any other provisions relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares or pre-initial business
combination activity. To the extent any of such amendments would be deemed to fundamentally change the nature of any of the securities
offered through this registration statement, we would register, or seek an exemption from registration for, the affected securities. 

24 

Other
than amendments relating to the appointment or removal of directors prior to our initial business combination (which require the approval
by special resolution including the affirmative vote of a simple majority of our Class B ordinary shares), the provisions of our amended
and restated memorandum and articles of association that relate to our pre-initial business combination activity (and corresponding provisions
of the agreement governing the release of funds from our Trust Account) may be amended with the approval of a special resolution, which
is a lower amendment threshold than that of some other special purpose acquisition companies. It may be easier for us, therefore, to
amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to facilitate the completion of an initial business combination
that some of our shareholders may not support. 

Some
other blank check companies have a provision in their charter which prohibits the amendment of certain of its provisions, including those
which relate to the rights of a company s shareholders and pre-initial business combination activity, without approval by a certain
percentage of the company s shareholders. In those companies, amendment of these provisions typically requires approval by between
90 and 100 of the company s shareholders. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that any of
its provisions related to pre-initial business combination activity (including the requirement to deposit proceeds of the Initial Public
Offering and Private Placement into the Trust Account and not release such amounts except in specified circumstances, and to provide
redemption rights to public shareholders as described herein) may be amended if approved by special resolution, and corresponding provisions
of the trust agreement governing the release of funds from our Trust Account may be amended if approved by holders of at least 65 of
our ordinary shares; provided that the provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association governing
the appointment or removal of directors prior to our initial business combination may only be amended by a special resolution, which
shall include the affirmative vote of a simple majority of our Class B ordinary shares. Our initial shareholders and their permitted
transferees, if any, who collectively beneficially own, on an as-converted basis, 20 of our ordinary shares, will participate in any
vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and/or trust agreement and will have the discretion to
vote in any manner they choose. As a result, we may be able to amend the provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association which govern our pre-business combination behavior more easily than some other special purpose acquisition companies,
and this may increase our ability to complete a business combination with which you do not agree. Our shareholders may pursue remedies
against us for any breach of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. 

Our
Sponsor, each member of our management team and our advisors have agreed, pursuant to agreements with us, that they will not propose
any amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our
obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business
combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by July 23, 2023 or (B)
with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares or pre-initial business combination
activity, unless we provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their Class A ordinary shares upon approval of any
such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest
earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, if any, divided by the number of the
then-outstanding public shares. Our shareholders are not parties to, or third-party beneficiaries of, these agreements and, as a result,
will not have the ability to pursue remedies against our Sponsor, any member of our management team or any of our advisors for any breach
of these agreements. As a result, in the event of a breach, our shareholders would need to pursue a shareholder derivative action, subject
to applicable law. 

25 

We
may be unable to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination or to fund the operations and growth of a target
business, which could compel us to restructure or abandon a particular business combination. If we have not consummated our initial business
combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per public share, or less
in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our Trust Account and our warrants will expire worthless. 

Although
we believe that the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the Private Placement will be sufficient to allow us to complete
our initial business combination, because we have not yet selected any prospective target business we cannot ascertain the capital requirements
for any particular transaction. If the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the Private Placement prove to be insufficient,
either because of the size of our initial business combination, the depletion of the available net proceeds in search of a target business,
the obligation to redeem for cash a significant number of shares from shareholders who elect redemption in connection with our initial
business combination or the terms of negotiated transactions to purchase shares in connection with our initial business combination,
we may be required to seek additional financing or to abandon the proposed initial business combination. We cannot assure you that such
financing will be available on acceptable terms, if at all. The current economic environment may make it difficult for companies to obtain
acquisition financing. To the extent that additional financing proves to be unavailable when needed to complete our initial business
combination, we would be compelled to either restructure the transaction or abandon that particular business combination and seek an
alternative target business candidate. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period, our
public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of the
Trust Account and our warrants will expire worthless. In addition, even if we do not need additional financing to complete our initial
business combination, we may require such financing to fund the operations or growth of the target business. The failure to secure additional
financing could have a material adverse effect on the continued development or growth of the target business. None of our officers, directors
or shareholders is required to provide any financing to us in connection with or after our initial business combination. 

We
may seek business combination opportunities with a high degree of complexity that require significant operational improvements, which
could delay or prevent us from achieving our desired results. 

We
may seek business combination opportunities with large, highly complex companies that we believe would benefit from operational improvements.
While we intend to implement such improvements, to the extent that our efforts are delayed or we are unable to achieve the desired improvements,
the business combination may not be as successful as we anticipate. 

To
the extent we complete our initial business combination with a large complex business or entity with a complex operating structure, we
may also be affected by numerous risks inherent in the operations of the business with which we combine, which could delay or prevent
us from implementing our strategy. Although our management team will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business
and its operations, we may not be able to properly ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors until we complete our business
combination. If we are not able to achieve our desired operational improvements, or the improvements take longer to implement than anticipated,
we may not achieve the gains that we anticipate. Furthermore, some of these risks and complexities may be outside of our control and
leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks and complexities will adversely impact a target business.
Such combination may not be as successful as a combination with a smaller, less complex organization. 

We
may have a limited ability to assess the management of a prospective target business and, as a result, may affect our initial business
combination with a target business whose management may not have the skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. 

When
evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial business combination with a prospective target business, our ability to assess the
target business s management may be limited due to a lack of time, resources or information. Our assessment of the capabilities
of the target business s management, therefore, may prove to be incorrect and such management may lack the skills, qualifications
or abilities we suspected. Should the target business s management not possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary
to manage a public company, the operations and profitability of the post-combination business may be negatively impacted. Accordingly,
any holders who choose to retain their securities following the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities.
Such holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value. 

26 

Our
management may not be able to maintain control of a target business after our initial business combination. Upon the loss of control
of a target business, new management may not possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to profitably operate such business. 

We
may structure our initial business combination so that the post-business combination company in which our public shareholders own shares
will own less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business, but we will only complete such business combination if
the post-business combination company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires
a controlling interest in the target business sufficient for us not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment
Company Act. We will not consider any transaction that does not meet such criteria. Even if the post-business combination company owns
50 or more of the voting securities of the target, our shareholders prior to the business combination may collectively own a minority
interest in the post-business combination company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business combination.
For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new Class A ordinary shares in exchange for all
of the outstanding capital stock, shares or other equity interests of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100 interest in the
target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new Class A ordinary shares, our shareholders immediately prior
to such transaction could own less than a majority of our outstanding Class A ordinary shares subsequent to such transaction. In addition,
other minority shareholders may subsequently combine their holdings resulting in a single person or group obtaining a larger share of
the company s shares than we initially acquired. Accordingly, this may make it more likely that our management will not be able
to maintain control of the target business. 

We
may issue notes or other debt securities, or otherwise incur substantial debt, to complete a business combination, which may adversely
affect our leverage and financial condition and thus negatively impact the value of our shareholders investment in us. 

Although
we have no commitments as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K to issue any notes or other debt securities, or to otherwise
incur outstanding debt following the Initial Public Offering, we may choose to incur substantial debt to complete our initial business
combination. We and our officers have agreed that we will not incur any indebtedness unless we have obtained from the lender a waiver
of any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to the monies held in the Trust Account. As such, no issuance of debt will affect
the per-share amount available for redemption from the Trust Account. Nevertheless, the incurrence of debt could have a variety of negative
effects, including: 

default
 and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after an initial business combination
 are insufficient to repay our debt obligations; 

acceleration
 of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments
 when due if we breach certain covenants that require the maintenance of certain financial
 ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant; 

our
 immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt is payable on
 demand; 

our
 inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt contains covenants restricting
 our ability to obtain such financing while the debt is outstanding; 

our
 inability to pay dividends on our Class A ordinary shares; 

using
 a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which will
 reduce the funds available for dividends on our Class A ordinary shares if declared, expenses,
 capital expenditures, acquisitions and other general corporate purposes; 

limitations
 on our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry
 in which we operate; 

increased
 vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions
 and adverse changes in government regulation; and 

limitations
 on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions,
 debt service requirements, execution of our strategy and other purposes and other disadvantages
 compared to our competitors who have less debt. 

27 

We
may only be able to complete one business combination with the proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the Private Placement, which
will cause us to be solely dependent on a single business which may have a limited number of products or services. This lack of diversification
may negatively impact our operations and profitability. 

The
net proceeds from the Initial Public Offering and the Private Placement has provided us with 243,707,516 that we may use to complete
our initial business combination (after taking into account the 9,068,983 of deferred underwriting commissions being held in the Trust
Account and the expenses of the Initial Public Offering). 

We
may effectuate our initial business combination with a single-target business or multiple-target businesses simultaneously or within
a short period of time. However, we may not be able to effectuate our initial business combination with more than one target business
because of various factors, including the existence of complex accounting issues and the requirement that we prepare and file pro forma
financial statements with the SEC that present operating results and the financial condition of several target businesses as if they
had been operated on a combined basis. By completing our initial business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification
may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory developments. Further, we would not be able to diversify our operations
or benefit from the possible spreading of risks or offsetting of losses, unlike other entities which may have the resources to complete
several business combinations in different industries or different areas of a single industry. Accordingly, the prospects for our success
may be: 

solely
 dependent upon the performance of a single business, property or asset, or 

dependent
 upon the development or market acceptance of a single or limited number of products, processes
 or services. 

This
lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory risks, any or all of which may have a substantial
adverse impact upon the particular industry in which we may operate subsequent to our initial business combination. 

We
may attempt to simultaneously complete business combinations with multiple prospective targets, which may hinder our ability to complete
our initial business combination and give rise to increased costs and risks that could negatively impact our operations and profitability. 

If
we determine to simultaneously acquire several businesses that are owned by different sellers, we will need for each of such sellers
to agree that our purchase of its business is contingent on the simultaneous closings of the other business combinations, which may make
it more difficult for us, and delay our ability, to complete our initial business combination. With multiple business combinations, we
could also face additional risks, including additional burdens and costs with respect to possible multiple negotiations and due diligence
(if there are multiple sellers) and the additional risks associated with the subsequent assimilation of the operations and services or
products of the acquired companies in a single operating business. If we are unable to adequately address these risks, it could negatively
impact our profitability and results of operations. 

We
may attempt to complete our initial business combination with a private company about which little information is available, which may
result in a business combination with a company that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all. 

In
pursuing our acquisition strategy, we may seek to effectuate our initial business combination with a privately held company. Very little
public information generally exists about private companies, and we could be required to make our decision on whether to pursue a potential
initial business combination on the basis of limited information, which may result in a business combination with a company that is not
as profitable as we suspected, if at all. 

28 

The
current economic downturn may lead to increased difficulty in completing our initial business combination. 

Our
ability to consummate our initial business combination may depend, in part, on worldwide economic conditions. In recent months, we have
observed increased economic uncertainty in the United States and abroad. Impacts of such economic weakness include: 

falling
 overall demand for goods and services, leading to reduced profitability; 

reduced
 credit availability; 

higher
 borrowing costs; 

reduced
 liquidity; 

volatility
 in credit, equity and foreign exchange markets; and 

bankruptcies. 

These
developments have led to inflation, higher interest rates, and uncertainty about business continuity, which may adversely affect the
business of our potential target businesses and create difficulties in obtaining debt or equity financing for our initial business combination,
as well as leading to an increase in the number of public stockholders exercising redemption rights in connection therewith. 

Risks
Relating to Our Securities 

The
securities in which we invest the funds held in the Trust Account could bear a negative rate of interest, which could reduce the value
of the assets held in Trust such that the per-share redemption amount received by public shareholders may be less than 10.00 per share. 

The
proceeds held in the trust Account will be invested only in U.S. government treasury obligations with a maturity of 185 days or less
or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act, which invest only in direct
U.S. government treasury obligations. While short-term U.S. government treasury obligations currently yield a positive rate of interest,
they have briefly yielded negative interest rates in recent years. Central banks in Europe and Japan pursued interest rates below zero
in recent years, and the Open Market Committee of the Federal Reserve has not ruled out the possibility that it may in the future adopt
similar policies in the United States. In the event that we are unable to complete our initial business combination or make certain amendments
to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, our public shareholders are entitled to receive their pro-rata share
of the proceeds held in the trust Account, plus any interest income, net of taxes paid or payable (less, in the case we are unable to
complete our initial business combination, 100,000 of interest). Negative interest rates could reduce the value of the assets held in
trust such that the per-share redemption amount received by public shareholders may be less than 10.00 per share. 

If
we conduct redemptions of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the proxy solicitation rules
instead of pursuant to the tender offer rules, and if you or a group of shareholders are deemed to hold in excess of 15 
of our Class A ordinary shares, you will lose the ability to redeem all such shares in excess of 15 of our Class A ordinary shares. 

If
we conduct redemptions of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the proxy solicitation rules
instead of pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that a public
shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as
a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect
to more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in the Initial Public Offering, which we refer to as the Excess Shares, 
without our prior consent. However, we would not be restricting our shareholders ability to vote all of their shares (including
Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination. Your inability to redeem the Excess Shares will reduce your influence
over our ability to complete our initial business combination and you could suffer a material loss on your investment in us if you sell
Excess Shares in open market transactions. Additionally, you will not receive redemption distributions with respect to the Excess Shares
if we complete our initial business combination. And as a result, you will continue to hold that number of shares exceeding 15 and,
in order to dispose of such shares, would be required to sell your shares in open market transactions, potentially at a loss. 

29 

Nasdaq
may delist our securities from trading on its exchange, which could limit investors ability to make transactions in our securities
and subject us to additional trading restrictions. 

Our
securities are listed on the Nasdaq. We cannot assure you that our securities will continue to be listed on Nasdaq in the future or prior
to our initial business combination. In order to continue listing our securities on Nasdaq prior to our initial business combination,
we must maintain certain financial, distribution and share price levels. Generally, following our Initial Public Offering, we must maintain
a minimum market capitalization (generally 50,000,000) and a minimum number of holders of our securities (generally 300 public holders). 

Additionally,
our units will not be traded after completion of our initial business combination and, in connection with our initial business combination,
we will be required to demonstrate compliance with the Nasdaq initial listing requirements, which are more rigorous than the Nasdaq continued
listing requirements, in order to continue to maintain the listing of our securities on Nasdaq. 

For
instance, in order for our shares to be listed upon the consummation of our business combination, at such time our share price would
generally be required to be at least 4.00 per share, our total market capitalization would be required to be at least 50.0 million,
the aggregate market value of publicly held shares would be required to be at least 15.0 million and we would be required to have at
least 300 round lot shareholders. We cannot assure you that we will be able to meet those listing requirements at that time. 

If
Nasdaq delists any of our securities from trading on its exchange and we are not able to list our securities on another national securities
exchange, we expect such securities could be quoted on an over-the-counter market. If this were to occur, we could face significant material
adverse consequences, including: 

a
 limited availability of market quotations for our securities; 

reduced
 liquidity for our securities; 

a
 determination that our Class A ordinary shares are a penny stock which will
 require brokers trading in our Class A ordinary shares to adhere to more stringent rules
 and possibly result in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading market
 for our securities; 

a
 limited amount of news and analyst coverage; and 

a
 decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future. 

The
National Securities Markets Improvement Act of 1996, which is a federal statute, prevents or preempts the states from regulating the
sale of certain securities, which are referred to as covered securities. Because our units, Class A ordinary shares and
warrants are listed on Nasdaq, our units, Class A ordinary shares and warrants qualify as covered securities under the statute. Although
the states are preempted from regulating the sale of covered securities, the federal statute does allow the states to investigate companies
if there is a suspicion of fraud, and, if there is a finding of fraudulent activity, then the states can regulate or bar the sale of
covered securities in a particular case. While we are not aware of a state having used these powers to prohibit or restrict the sale
of securities issued by blank check companies, other than the State of Idaho, certain state securities regulators view blank check companies
unfavorably and might use these powers, or threaten to use these powers, to hinder the sale of securities of blank check companies in
their states. Further, if we were no longer listed on Nasdaq, our securities would not qualify as covered securities under the statute
and we would be subject to regulation in each state in which we offer our securities. 

30 

We
may issue additional Class A ordinary shares or preference shares to complete our initial business combination or under an employee incentive
plan after completion of our initial business combination. We may also issue Class A ordinary shares upon the conversion of the Founder
Shares at a ratio greater than one-to-one at the time of our initial business combination as a result of the anti-dilution provisions
contained in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. Any such issuances would dilute the interest of our shareholders
and likely present other risks. 

Our
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association authorizes the issuance of up to 300,000,000 Class A ordinary shares, par
value 0.0001 per share, 30,000,000 Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, and 1,000,000 preference shares, par value
 0.0001 per share. Immediately after the Initial Public Offering, there were 274,088,621 and 23,522,155 authorized but unissued Class
A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares, respectively, available for issuance which amount does not take into account shares reserved
for issuance upon exercise of outstanding warrants or shares issuable upon conversion of the Class B ordinary shares. The Class B ordinary
shares are automatically convertible into Class A ordinary shares at the time of our initial business combination herein and in our amended
and restated memorandum and articles of association. Immediately after the Initial Public Offering, there were no preference shares issued
and outstanding. 

We
may issue a substantial number of additional Class A ordinary shares or preference shares to complete our initial business combination
or under an employee incentive plan after completion of our initial business combination. We may also issue Class A ordinary shares in
connection with the redemption of our warrants or Class A ordinary shares upon conversion of the Class B ordinary shares at a ratio greater
than one-to-one at the time of our initial business combination as a result of the anti-dilution provisions as set forth therein. However,
our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide, among other things, that prior to or in connection with our
initial business combination, we may not issue additional shares that would entitle the holders thereof to (i) receive funds from the
Trust Account or (ii) vote on any initial business combination or on any other proposal presented to shareholders prior to or in connection
with the completion of an initial business combination. These provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association,
like all provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, may be amended with a shareholder vote. The issuance
of additional ordinary or preference shares: 

may
 significantly dilute the equity interest of investors in the Initial Public Offering, which
 dilution would increase if the anti-dilution provisions in the Class B ordinary shares resulted
 in the issuance of Class A ordinary shares on a greater than one-to-one basis upon conversion
 of the Class B ordinary shares; 

may
 subordinate the rights of holders of Class A ordinary shares if preference shares are issued
 with rights senior to those afforded our Class A ordinary shares; 

could
 cause a change in control if a substantial number of Class A ordinary shares are issued,
 which may affect, among other things, our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards,
 if any, and could result in the resignation or removal of our present officers and directors; 

may
 have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control of us by diluting the share
 ownership or voting rights of a person seeking to obtain control of us; 

may
 adversely affect prevailing market prices for our units, Class A ordinary shares and/or warrants;
 and 

may
 not result in adjustment to the exercise price of our warrants. 

31 

Unlike
some other similarly structured blank check companies, our Sponsor will receive additional Class A ordinary shares if we issue shares
to consummate an initial business combination. 

The
Founder Shares will automatically convert into our Class A ordinary shares at the time of our initial business combination at a ratio
such that the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of all Founder Shares will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted
basis, 20 of the sum of (i) the total number of ordinary shares issued and outstanding upon completion of the Initial Public Offering,
plus (ii) the total number of Class A ordinary shares issued or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked
securities or rights issued or deemed issued, by the Company in connection with or in relation to the consummation of the initial business
combination, excluding any Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities exercisable for or convertible into Class A ordinary shares
issued, deemed issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the initial business combination and any private placement warrants issued to
our Sponsor, any of its affiliates or any members of our management team upon conversion of working capital loans. In no event will the
Class B ordinary shares convert into Class A ordinary shares at a rate of less than one-to-one. This is different than some other similarly
structured blank check companies in which the initial shareholders will only be issued an aggregate of 20 of the total number of shares
to be outstanding prior to the initial business combination. 

You
will not be able to exercise your warrants unless we register and qualify the issuance of the underlying Class A ordinary shares or certain
exemptions are available. 

We
registered the Class A ordinary shares underlying the warrants issued as part of the units in the Initial Public Offering. In addition,
under the terms of the warrant agreement, we have agreed that, as soon as practicable, but in no event later than 20 business days after
the closing of our initial business combination, we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to file with the SEC a post-effective
amendment to the registration statement for the Initial Public Offering or a new registration statement covering the issuance of the
Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants, and we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to cause the same
to become effective within 60 business days after the closing of our initial business combination and to maintain the effectiveness of
such registration statement and a current prospectus relating to those Class A ordinary shares until the warrants expire or are redeemed.
We cannot assure you that we will be able to do so if, for example, any facts or events arise which represent a fundamental change in
the information set forth in the registration statement or prospectus, the financial statements contained or incorporated by reference
therein are not current, complete or correct or the SEC issues a stop order. If the shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants are
not registered under the Securities Act in accordance with the above requirements, we will be required to permit holders to exercise
their warrants on a cashless basis, in which case, the number of Class A ordinary shares that you will receive upon cashless exercise
will be based on a formula subject to a maximum amount of shares equal to 0.361 Class A ordinary shares per warrant (subject to adjustment).
However, no warrant will be exercisable for cash or on a cashless basis, and we will not be obligated to issue any shares to holders
seeking to exercise their warrants, unless the issuance of the shares upon such exercise is registered or qualified under the securities
laws of the state of the exercising holder, or an exemption from registration is available. Notwithstanding the above, if our Class A
ordinary shares are at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that they satisfy the
definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, we may, at our option, require holders
of public warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of
the Securities Act and, in the event we so elect, we will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement, but
we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption
is not available. Exercising the warrants on a cashless basis could have the effect of reducing the potential upside of
the holder s investment in our Company because the warrant holder will hold a smaller number of Class A ordinary shares upon a
cashless exercise of the warrants they hold. In no event will we be required to net cash settle any warrant, or issue securities or other
compensation in exchange for the warrants in the event that we are unable to register or qualify the shares underlying the warrants under
applicable state securities laws and no exemption is available. If the issuance of the shares upon exercise of the warrants is not so
registered or qualified or exempt from registration or qualification, the holder of such warrant shall not be entitled to exercise such
warrant and such warrant may have no value and expire worthless. In such event, holders who acquired their warrants as part of a purchase
of units will have paid the full unit purchase price solely for the Class A ordinary shares included in the units. There may be a circumstance
where an exemption from registration exists for holders of our private placement warrants to exercise their warrants while a corresponding
exemption does not exist for holders of the public warrants included as part of units sold in the Initial Public Offering. In such an
instance, our Sponsor and its permitted transferees (which may include our directors and executive officers) would be able to exercise
their warrants and sell the ordinary shares underlying their warrants while holders of our public warrants would not be able to exercise
their warrants and sell the underlying ordinary shares. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption
right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying Class A ordinary shares for sale under all applicable state securities
laws. As a result, we may redeem the warrants as set forth above even if the holders are otherwise unable to exercise their warrants. 

32 

We
may amend the terms of the warrants in a manner that may be adverse to holders of public warrants with the approval by the holders of
at least 65 of the then-outstanding public warrants. As a result, the exercise price of your warrants could be increased, the exercise
period could be shortened and the number of our Class A ordinary shares purchasable upon exercise of a warrant could be decreased, all
without your approval. 

Our
warrants will be issued in registered form under a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant
agent, and us. The warrant agreement provides that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder for the
purpose of (i) curing any ambiguity or correcting any mistake or defective provision, (ii) amending the provisions relating to cash dividends
on ordinary shares as contemplated by and in accordance with the warrant agreement or (iii) adding or changing any provisions with respect
to matters or questions arising under the warrant agreement as the parties to the warrant agreement may deem necessary or desirable and
that the parties deem to not adversely affect the rights of the registered holders of the warrants, but requires the approval by the
holders of at least 65 of the then-outstanding public warrants to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered
holders of public warrants. Accordingly, we may amend the terms of the public warrants in a manner adverse to a holder if holders of
at least 65 of the then-outstanding public warrants approve of such amendment and, solely with respect to any amendment to the terms
of the private placement warrants or any provision of the warrant agreement with respect to the private placement warrants, 65 of the
number of the then outstanding private placement warrants. Although our ability to amend the terms of the public warrants with the consent
of at least 65 of the then-outstanding public warrants is unlimited, examples of such amendments could be amendments to, among other
things, increase the exercise price of the warrants, convert the warrants into cash, shorten the exercise period or decrease the number
of Class A ordinary shares purchasable upon exercise of a warrant. 

Our
warrants are accounted for as a warrant liability and are recorded at fair value upon issuance with changes in fair value each period
reported in earnings, which may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A ordinary shares or may make it more difficult
for us to consummate an initial business combination. 

Following
the consummation of the Initial Public Offering and the Private Placement, we issued an aggregate of 15,225,310 warrants in connection
with the Initial Public Offering (comprised of the 8,637,126 warrants included in the units and the 6,588,184 private placement warrants).
We account for these as a warrant liability and record at fair value upon issuance with any changes in fair value each period reported
in earnings as determined by us based upon a valuation report obtained from an independent third party valuation firm. The impact of
changes in fair value on earnings may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A ordinary shares. In addition, potential
targets may seek a SPAC that does not have warrants that are accounted for as a warrant liability, which may make it more difficult for
us to consummate an initial business combination with a target business. 

Our
warrant agreement designates the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New
York as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by holders of our warrants, which
could limit the ability of warrant holders to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with our company. 

Our
warrant agreement provides that, subject to applicable law, (i) any action, proceeding or claim against us arising out of or relating
in any way to the warrant agreement, including under the Securities Act, will be brought and enforced in the courts of the State of New
York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, and (ii) that we irrevocably submit to such jurisdiction,
which jurisdiction shall be the exclusive forum for any such action, proceeding or claim. We will waive any objection to such exclusive
jurisdiction and that such courts represent an inconvenient forum. 

33 

Notwithstanding
the foregoing, these provisions of the warrant agreement will not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by
the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal district courts of the United States of America are the sole and exclusive
forum. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in any of our warrants shall be deemed to have notice of and
to have consented to the forum provisions in our warrant agreement. If any action, the subject matter of which is within the scope the
forum provisions of the warrant agreement, is filed in a court other than a court of the State of New York or the United States District
Court for the Southern District of New York (a foreign action in the name of any holder of our warrants, such holder shall
be deemed to have consented to: (x) the personal jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located in the State of New York in connection
with any action brought in any such court to enforce the forum provisions (an enforcement action ), and (y) having service
of process made upon such warrant holder in any such enforcement action by service upon such warrant holder s counsel in the foreign
action as agent for such warrant holder. 

This
choice-of-forum provision may limit a warrant holder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for
disputes with our company, which may discourage such lawsuits. Alternatively, if a court were to find this provision of our warrant agreement
inapplicable or unenforceable with respect to one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings, we may incur additional costs
associated with resolving such matters in other jurisdictions, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition
and results of operations and result in a diversion of the time and resources of our management and board of directors. 

We
may redeem your unexpired warrants prior to their exercise at a time that is disadvantageous to you, thereby making your warrants worthless. 

We
have the ability to redeem the outstanding public warrants at any time after they become exercisable and prior to their expiration, at
a price of 0.01 per warrant, provided that the closing price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as adjusted
for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant) for any 20 trading days within a 30
trading-day period ending on the third trading day prior to proper notice of such redemption and provided that certain other conditions
are met. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or
qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. As a result, we may redeem the warrants as set
forth above even if the holders are otherwise unable to exercise the warrants. Redemption of the outstanding warrants could force you
to (i) exercise your warrants and pay the exercise price therefor at a time when it may be disadvantageous for you to do so, (ii) sell
your warrants at the then-current market price when you might otherwise wish to hold your warrants or (iii) accept the nominal redemption
price which, at the time the outstanding warrants are called for redemption, we expect would be substantially less than the market value
of your warrants. 

In
addition, we have the ability to redeem the outstanding public warrants at any time after they become exercisable and prior to their
expiration, at a price of 0.10 per warrant upon a minimum of 30 days prior written notice of redemption provided that the closing
price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 10.00 per share (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable
upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant as described under the heading Description of Securities-Warrants-Public Shareholders 
Warrants-Anti-Dilution Adjustments for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading-day period ending on the third trading day prior
to proper notice of such redemption and provided that certain other conditions are met, including that holders will be able to
exercise their warrants prior to redemption for a number of Class A ordinary shares determined based on the redemption date and the fair
market value of our Class A ordinary shares. The value received upon exercise of the warrants (1) may be less than the value the holders
would have received if they had exercised their warrants at a later time where the underlying share price is higher and (2) may not compensate
the holders for the value of the warrants, including because the number of ordinary shares received is capped at 0.361 Class A ordinary
shares per warrant (subject to adjustment) irrespective of the remaining life of the warrants. 

None
of the private placement warrants will be redeemable by us as so long as they are held by our Sponsor or its permitted transferees. 

34 

Our
warrants may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A ordinary shares and make it more difficult to effectuate our initial
business combination. 

We
issued warrants to purchase 8,637,126 of our Class A ordinary shares as part of the units sold in the Initial Public Offering and, simultaneously
with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, we issued in a private placement an aggregate of 6,588,184 warrants, at 1.50 per warrant.
In addition, if the Sponsor, its affiliates or a member of our management team makes any working capital loans, it may convert those
loans into up to an additional 1,000,000 private placement warrants, at the price of 1.50 per warrant. We may also issue Class A ordinary
shares in connection with our redemption of our warrants. 

To
the extent we issue ordinary shares for any reason, including to effectuate a business combination, the potential for the issuance of
a substantial number of additional Class A ordinary shares upon exercise of these warrants could make us a less attractive acquisition
vehicle to a target business. Such warrants, when exercised, will increase the number of issued and outstanding Class A ordinary shares
and reduce the value of the Class A ordinary shares issued to complete the business transaction. Therefore, our warrants may make it
more difficult to effectuate a business transaction or increase the cost of acquiring the target business. 

Because
each unit contains one-third of one redeemable warrant and only a whole warrant may be exercised, the units may be worth less than units
of other blank check companies. 

Each
unit contains one-third of one redeemable warrant. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, no fractional warrants will be issued upon separation
of the units, and only whole units will trade. If, upon exercise of the warrants, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional
interest in a share, we will, upon exercise, round down to the nearest whole number the number of Class A ordinary shares to be issued
to the warrant holder. This is different from other offerings similar to ours whose units include one ordinary share and one whole warrant
to purchase one whole share. We have established the components of the units in this way in order to reduce the dilutive effect of the
warrants upon completion of a business combination since the warrants will be exercisable in the aggregate for one-third of the number
of shares compared to units that each contain a whole warrant to purchase one whole share, thus making us, we believe, a more attractive
merger partner for target businesses. Nevertheless, this unit structure may cause our units to be worth less than if a unit included
a warrant to purchase one whole share. 

A
provision of our warrant agreement may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination. 

If
(i) we issue additional Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing
of our initial business combination at a Newly Issued Price of less than 9.20 per Class A ordinary share, (ii) the aggregate gross proceeds
from such issuances represent more than 60 of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of our initial
business combination on the date of the consummation of our initial business combination (net of redemptions), and (iii) the Market Value
of our Class A ordinary shares is below 9.20 per share, then the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent)
to be equal to 115 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, the 18.00 per share redemption trigger price will
be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 180 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the 10.00 per
share redemption trigger price will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued
Price. This may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination with a target business. 

Provisions
in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association may inhibit a takeover of us, which could limit the price investors
might be willing to pay in the future for our Class A ordinary shares and could entrench management. 

Our
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association contain provisions that may discourage unsolicited takeover proposals that
shareholders may consider to be in their best interests. These provisions include a staggered board of directors, the ability of the
board of directors to designate the terms of and issue new series of preference shares, and the fact that prior to the completion of
our initial business combination only holders of our Class B ordinary shares, which are held by our initial shareholders (including our
Sponsor), are entitled to vote on the appointment and removal of directors, which may make more difficult the removal of management and
may discourage transactions that otherwise could involve payment of a premium over prevailing market prices for our securities. 

35 

Because
we are incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands, you may face difficulties in protecting your interests, and your ability to
protect your rights through the U.S. federal courts may be limited. 

We
are an exempted company incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands. As a result, it may be difficult for investors to effect service
of process within the United States upon our directors or executive officers, or enforce judgments obtained in the United States courts
against our directors or officers. 

Our
corporate affairs will be governed by our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, the Companies Act (as the same
may be supplemented or amended from time to time) and the common law of the Cayman Islands. We will also be subject to the federal securities
laws of the United States. The rights of shareholders to take action against the directors, actions by minority shareholders and the
fiduciary responsibilities of our directors to us under Cayman Islands law are to a large extent governed by the common law of the Cayman
Islands. The common law of the Cayman Islands is derived in part from comparatively limited judicial precedent in the Cayman Islands
as well as from English common law, the decisions of whose courts are of persuasive authority, but are not binding on a court in the
Cayman Islands. The rights of our shareholders and the fiduciary responsibilities of our directors under Cayman Islands law are different
from what they would be under statutes or judicial precedent in some jurisdictions in the United States. In particular, the Cayman Islands
has a different body of securities laws as compared to the United States, and certain states, such as Delaware, may have more fully developed
and judicially interpreted bodies of corporate law. In addition, Cayman Islands companies may not have standing to initiate a shareholders
derivative action in a Federal court of the United States. 

We
have been advised by Walkers, our Cayman Islands legal counsel, that the courts of the Cayman Islands are unlikely (i) to recognize or
enforce against us judgments of courts of the United States predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities
laws of the United States or any state; and (ii) in original actions brought in the Cayman Islands, to impose liabilities against us
predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States or any state, so far as the liabilities
imposed by those provisions are penal in nature. In those circumstances, although there is no statutory enforcement in the Cayman Islands
of judgments obtained in the United States, the courts of the Cayman Islands will recognize and enforce a foreign money judgment of a
foreign court of competent jurisdiction without retrial on the merits based on the principle that a judgment of a competent foreign court
imposes upon the judgment debtor an obligation to pay the sum for which judgment has been given provided certain conditions are met.
For a foreign judgment to be enforced in the Cayman Islands, such judgment must be final and conclusive and for a liquidated sum, and
must not be in respect of taxes or a fine or penalty, inconsistent with a Cayman Islands judgment in respect of the same matter, impeachable
on the grounds of fraud or obtained in a manner, or be of a kind the enforcement of which is, contrary to natural justice or the public
policy of the Cayman Islands (awards of punitive or multiple damages may well be held to be contrary to public policy). A Cayman Islands
Court may stay enforcement proceedings if concurrent proceedings are being brought elsewhere. 

As
a result of all of the above, public shareholders may have more difficulty in protecting their interests in the face of actions taken
by management, members of the board of directors or controlling shareholders than they would as public shareholders of a United States
company. 

Our
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that, except with respect to U.S. Actions (as defined below), the
courts of the Cayman Islands will be the exclusive forum for certain disputes between us and our shareholders, which could limit our
shareholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for complaints against us or our directors, officers or employees. 

Our
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative
forum (a) the federal courts of the United States will have exclusive jurisdiction to hear, settle and/or determine any dispute, controversy
or claim arising under the provisions of the Securities Act or the Exchange Act U.S. Actions and (b) except for such
U.S. Actions, the courts of the Cayman Islands shall have jurisdiction over any claim or dispute arising out of or in connection with
the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association or otherwise related in any way to each shareholder s shareholding
in the company, including but not limited to (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of the company; (ii) any action
asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any director, officer or other employee of the company to the company or the
company s shareholders; (iii) any action asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision of the Companies Act of the Cayman
Islands or the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association; or (iv) any action asserting a claim against the company
concerning its internal affairs. 

36 

This
choice of forum provision may increase a shareholder s cost and limit the shareholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial
forum that it finds favorable for U.S. Actions or disputes with us or our directors, officers or other employees, which may discourage
lawsuits against us and our directors, officers and other employees. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any of our
shares or other securities, whether by transfer, sale, operation of law or otherwise, shall be deemed to have notice of and have irrevocably
agreed and consented to these provisions. There is uncertainty as to whether a court would enforce such provisions, and the enforceability
of similar choice of forum provisions in other companies charter documents has been challenged in legal proceedings. It is possible
that a court could find this type of provisions to be inapplicable or unenforceable, and if a court were to find this provision in our
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur additional
costs associated with resolving the dispute in other jurisdictions, which could have adverse effect on our business and financial performance. 

Since
only holders of our Founder Shares have the right to vote on the appointment and removal of directors, Nasdaq may consider us to be a
 controlled company within the meaning of the Nasdaq rules and, as a result, we may qualify for exemptions from certain
corporate governance requirements. 

Only
holders of our Founder Shares have the right to vote on the appointment and removal of directors. As a result, Nasdaq may consider us
to be a controlled company within the meaning of the Nasdaq corporate governance standards. Under the Nasdaq corporate
governance standards, a company of which more than 50 of the voting power is held by an individual, group or another company is a controlled
company and may elect not to comply with certain corporate governance requirements, including the requirements that: 

we
 have a board that includes a majority of independent directors, as defined
 under the rules of Nasdaq; 

we
 have a compensation committee of our board that is comprised entirely of independent directors
 with a written charter addressing the committee s purpose and responsibilities; and 

we
 have a nominating and corporate governance committee of our board that is comprised entirely
 of independent directors with a written charter addressing the committee s purpose
 and responsibilities. 

We
do not intend to utilize these exemptions and intend to comply with the corporate governance requirements of Nasdaq, subject to applicable
phase-in rules. However, if we determine in the future to utilize some or all of these exemptions, you will not have the same protections
afforded to shareholders of companies that are subject to all of the Nasdaq corporate governance requirements. 

If
we have not consummated an initial business combination by July 23, 2023, our public shareholders may be forced to wait beyond such
24 months before redemption from our Trust Account. 

If
we have not consummated an initial business combination by July 23, 2023, the proceeds then on deposit in the Trust Account, including
interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, if any (less up to 100,000
of interest to pay dissolution expenses), will be used to fund the redemption of our public shares. Any redemption of public shareholders
from the Trust Account will be effected automatically by function of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
prior to any voluntary winding up. If we are required to wind up, liquidate the Trust Account and distribute such amount therein, pro
rata, to our public shareholders, as part of any liquidation process, such winding up, liquidation and distribution must comply with
the applicable provisions of the Companies Act. In that case, investors may be forced to wait beyond 24 months from the closing of the
Initial Public Offering before the redemption proceeds of our Trust Account become available to them, and they receive the return of
their pro rata portion of the proceeds from our Trust Account. We have no obligation to return funds to investors prior to the date of
our redemption or liquidation unless, prior thereto, we consummate our initial business combination or amend certain provisions of our
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, and only then in cases where investors have sought to redeem their Class
A ordinary shares. Only upon our redemption or any liquidation will public shareholders be entitled to distributions if we do not complete
our initial business combination and do not amend certain provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association.
Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that, if we wind up for any other reason prior to the consummation
of our initial business combination, we will follow the foregoing procedures with respect to the liquidation of the Trust Account as
promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, subject to applicable Cayman Islands law. 

37 

Holders
of Class A ordinary shares will not be entitled to vote on any appointment or removal of directors we hold prior to our initial business
combination. 

Prior
to our initial business combination, only holders of our Founder Shares will have the right to vote on the appointment and removal of
directors. Holders of our public shares will not be entitled to vote on the appointment or removal of directors during such time. In
addition, prior to our initial business combination, holders of a majority of our Founder Shares may remove a member of the board of
directors for any reason. Accordingly, you may not have any say in the management of our company prior to the consummation of an initial
business combination. 

The
warrants may become exercisable and redeemable for a security other than the Class A ordinary shares, and you will not have any information
regarding such other security at this time. 

In
certain situations, including if we are not the surviving entity in our initial business combination, the warrants may become exercisable
for a security other than the Class A ordinary shares. As a result, if the surviving company redeems your warrants for securities pursuant
to the warrant agreement, you may receive a security in a company of which you do not have information at this time. Pursuant to the
warrant agreement, the surviving company will be required to use commercially reasonable efforts to register the issuance of the security
underlying the warrants within twenty business days of the closing of an initial business combination. 

The
grant of registration rights to our Sponsor may make it more difficult to complete our initial business combination, and the future exercise
of such rights may adversely affect the market price of our Class A ordinary shares. 

Pursuant
to an agreement entered in connection with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, our Sponsor and its permitted transferees can
demand that we register the resale of the Class A ordinary shares into which Founder Shares are convertible, the private placement warrants
and the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the private placement warrants, and warrants that may be issued upon conversion
of working capital loans and the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of such warrants. We will bear the cost of registering
these securities. The registration and availability of such a significant number of securities for trading in the public market may have
an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A ordinary shares. In addition, the existence of the registration rights may make
our initial business combination more costly or difficult to conclude. This is because the shareholders of the target business may increase
the equity stake they seek in the combined entity or ask for more cash consideration to offset the negative impact on the market price
of our securities that is expected when the securities owned by our Sponsor or its permitted transferees are registered for resale. 

Risks
Relating to our Sponsor and Management Team 

Our
ability to successfully effect our initial business combination and to be successful thereafter will be totally dependent upon the efforts
of our key personnel, some of whom may join us following our initial business combination. The loss of key personnel could negatively
impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. 

Our
ability to successfully effect our initial business combination is dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel. The role of our key
personnel in the target business, however, cannot presently be ascertained. Although some of our key personnel may remain with the target
business in senior management, director or advisory positions following our initial business combination, it is likely that some or all
of the management of the target business will remain in place. While we intend to closely scrutinize any individuals we engage after
our initial business combination, we cannot assure you that our assessment of these individuals will prove to be correct. These individuals
may be unfamiliar with the requirements of operating a company regulated by the SEC, which could cause us to have to expend time and
resources helping them become familiar with such requirements. 

38 

Our
key personnel may negotiate employment or consulting agreements with a target business in connection with a particular business combination,
and a particular business combination may be conditioned on the retention or resignation of such key personnel. These agreements may
provide for them to receive compensation following our initial business combination and as a result, may cause them to have conflicts
of interest in determining whether a particular business combination is the most advantageous. 

Our
key personnel may be able to remain with our company after the completion of our initial business combination only if they are able to
negotiate employment or consulting agreements in connection with the business combination. Such negotiations would take place simultaneously
with the negotiation of the business combination and could provide for such individuals to receive compensation in the form of cash payments
and/or our securities for services they would render to us after the completion of the business combination. Such negotiations also could
make such key personnel s retention or resignation a condition to any such agreement. The personal and financial interests of such
individuals may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business. In addition, pursuant to an agreement entered
into in connection with the Initial Public Offering, our Sponsor, upon and following consummation of an initial business combination,
will be entitled to nominate three individuals for appointment to our board of directors, as long as the Sponsor holds any securities
covered by the registration and shareholder rights agreement. 

The
officers and directors of an acquisition candidate may resign upon completion of our initial business combination. The loss of a business
combination target s key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. 

The
role of an acquisition candidate s key personnel upon the completion of our initial business combination cannot be ascertained
at this time. Although we contemplate that certain members of an acquisition candidate s management team will remain associated
with the acquisition candidate following our initial business combination, it is possible that members of the management of an acquisition
candidate will not wish to remain in place. 

Our
executive officers and directors will allocate their time to other businesses thereby causing conflicts of interest in their determination
as to how much time to devote to our affairs. This conflict of interest could have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial
business combination. 

Our
executive officers and directors are not required to, and will not, commit their full time to our affairs, which may result in a conflict
of interest in allocating their time between our operations and our search for a business combination and their other businesses. We
do not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination. Each of our executive officers
is engaged in several other business endeavors for which he may be entitled to substantial compensation, and our executive officers are
not obligated to contribute any specific number of hours per week to our affairs. Our independent directors also serve as officers and
board members for other entities. If our executive officers and directors other business affairs require them to devote
substantial amounts of time to such affairs in excess of their current commitment levels, it could limit their ability to devote time
to our affairs which may have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial business combination. 

Our
officers and directors presently have, and any of them in the future may have, additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other
entities, including another blank check company, and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular
business opportunity should be presented. 

Following
the completion of the Initial Public Offering and until we consummate our initial business combination, we intend to engage in the business
of identifying and combining with one or more businesses or entities. Each of our officers and directors presently has, and any of them
in the future may have, additional fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities, pursuant to which such officer or director
is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity to such entity. Accordingly, they may have conflicts of interest
in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. These conflicts may not be resolved in our favor
and a potential target business may be presented to another entity prior to its presentation to us. 

39 

In
addition, our Sponsor, officers and directors may in the future become affiliated with other blank check companies that may have acquisition
objectives that are similar to ours. Accordingly, they may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business
opportunity should be presented. These conflicts may not be resolved in our favor and a potential target business may be presented to
such other blank check companies, prior to its presentation to us, subject to our officers and directors fiduciary duties
under Cayman Islands law. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that, to the fullest extent permitted
by applicable law, we renounce any interest or expectancy in or in being offered an opportunity to participate in any business combination
opportunity: (i) which may be a corporate opportunity for both us and our Sponsor or its affiliates and any companies in which our Sponsor
or its affiliates have invested about which any of our officers or directors acquires knowledge; or (ii) the presentation of which would
breach an existing legal obligation of a director or officer to another entity, and we will waive any claim or cause of action we may
have in respect thereof. In addition our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association contain provisions to exculpate
and indemnify, to the maximum extent permitted by law, such persons in respect of any liability, obligation or duty to the Company that
may arise as a consequence of such persons becoming aware of any business opportunity or failing to present such business opportunity. 

Our
executive officers, directors, security holders and their respective affiliates may have competitive pecuniary interests that conflict
with our interests. 

We
have not adopted a policy that expressly prohibits our directors, executive officers, security holders or affiliates (including affiliates
of our Sponsor and their respective employees) from having a direct or indirect pecuniary or financial interest in any investment to
be acquired or disposed of by us or in any transaction to which we are a party or have an interest. In fact, we may enter into a business
combination with a target business that is affiliated with our Sponsor, our directors or executive officers, although we do not intend
to do so. Nor do we have a policy that expressly prohibits any such persons from engaging for their own account in business activities
of the types conducted by us. Accordingly, such persons or entities may have a conflict between their interests and ours. 

The
personal and financial interests of our directors and officers may influence their motivation in timely identifying and selecting a target
business and completing a business combination. Consequently, our directors and officers discretion in identifying and
selecting a suitable target business may result in a conflict of interest when determining whether the terms, conditions and timing of
a particular business combination are appropriate and in our best interest. If this were the case and the directors fail to act in accordance
with their fiduciary duties owed to us as a matter of Cayman Islands law, we may have a claim against such individuals. However, we might
not ultimately be successful in any claim we may make against them for such reason. 

We
may engage in a business combination with one or more target businesses that may be affiliated with our Sponsor, executive officers,
directors or initial shareholders which may raise potential conflicts of interest. 

In
light of the involvement of our Sponsor, executive officers and directors with other entities, we may decide to acquire one or more businesses
affiliated with our Sponsor, executive officers, directors or initial shareholders. Our directors also serve as officers and board members
for other entities. Our Sponsor, officers and directors may sponsor, form or participate in other blank check companies similar to ours
during the period in which we are seeking an initial business combination. Such entities may compete with us for business combination
opportunities. Our Sponsor, officers and directors are not currently aware of any specific opportunities for us to complete our initial
business combination with any entities with which they are affiliated, and there have been no substantive discussions concerning a business
combination with any such entity or entities. Although we will not be specifically focusing on, or targeting, any transaction with any
affiliated entities, we would pursue such a transaction if we determined that such affiliated entity met our criteria and guidelines
for a business combination and such transaction was approved by a majority of our independent and disinterested directors. Despite our
agreement to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA or an independent accounting firm
regarding the fairness to our company from a financial point of view of a business combination with one or more domestic or international
businesses affiliated with our Sponsor, executive officers, directors or initial shareholders, potential conflicts of interest still
may exist and, as a result, the terms of the business combination may not be as advantageous to our public shareholders as they would
be absent any conflicts of interest. 

40 

We
may engage our Sponsor or an affiliate of our Sponsor as an advisor or otherwise with respect to our business combinations and certain
other transactions. Any salary or fee in connection with such engagement may be conditioned upon the completion of such transactions.
This financial interest in the completion of such transactions may influence the advice such entity provides. 

We
may engage our Sponsor or an affiliate of our Sponsor as an advisor or otherwise in connection with our initial business combination
and certain other transactions and pay such person or entity a salary or fee in an amount that constitutes a market standard for comparable
transactions. Pursuant to any such engagement, such person or entity may earn its salary or fee upon closing of the initial business
combination. The payment of such salary or fee would likely be conditioned upon the completion of the initial business combination. Therefore,
such persons or entities may have additional financial interests in the completion of the initial business combination. These financial
interests may influence the advice such entity provides us, which advice would contribute to our decision on whether to pursue a business
combination with any particular target. 

Since
our Sponsor, executive officers and directors will lose their entire investment in us if our initial business combination is not completed
(other than with respect to public shares they may acquire), a conflict of interest may arise in determining whether a particular business
combination target is appropriate for our initial business combination. 

On
March 22, 2021, our Sponsor paid 25,000, or approximately 0.003 per share, to cover certain of our offering and formation costs
in consideration of 7,187,500 Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share. In April 2021, our Sponsor transferred 25,000
Founder Shares to each of our independent directors and 10,000 founder Shares to each of our advisors. On June 15, 2021, our Sponsor
surrendered an aggregate of 1,437,500 shares to us for no consideration. On July 20, 2021, the Sponsor received an additional 1,150,000
Founder Shares resulting in an aggregate of 6,900,000 Founder Shares issued and outstanding. Prior to the initial investment in the Company
of 25,000 by the Sponsor, the company had no assets, tangible or intangible. The per share price of the Founder Shares was determined
by dividing the amount contributed to the company by the number of Founder Shares issued. The number of Founder Shares outstanding was
determined based on the total size of the Initial Public Offering of 25,911,379 units, and that such Founder Shares would represent 20 
of the outstanding shares after the Initial Public Offering. The Founder Shares will be worthless if we do not complete an initial business
combination. In addition, our Sponsor has, pursuant to a written agreement, purchased an aggregate of 6,588,184 warrants, each exercisable
to purchase one Class A ordinary share at 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment, at a price of 1.50 per warrant 9,882,275 in the
aggregate), in a private placement that closed simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering. If we do not consummate
an initial business combination by July 23, 2023, the warrants will expire worthless. The personal and financial interests of our
executive officers and directors may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business combination, completing
an initial business combination and influencing the operation of the business following the initial business combination. This risk may
become more acute as the 24-month anniversary of the closing of the Initial Public Offering nears, which is the deadline for our consummation
of an initial business combination. 

Our
initial shareholders (including our Sponsor) control a substantial interest in us and thus may exert a substantial influence on actions
requiring a shareholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support. 

Upon
the closing of the Initial Public Offering, our initial shareholders (including our Sponsor) own, on an as-converted basis, 20 of our
issued and outstanding ordinary shares. Accordingly, our initial shareholders may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring
a shareholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support, including amendments to our amended and restated memorandum and
articles of association and approval of significant corporate transactions, including our initial business combination. If our initial
shareholders purchase any additional Class A ordinary shares in the aftermarket or in privately negotiated transactions, this would increase
their control. Neither our Sponsor nor, to our knowledge, any of our officers, directors or advisors, have any current intention to purchase
additional securities, other than as previously disclosed. Factors that would be considered in making such additional purchases would
include consideration of the current trading price of our Class A ordinary shares. In addition, our board of directors, whose members
were elected by our Sponsor, is and will be divided into three classes, each of which will generally serve for a term of three years
with only one class of directors being elected in each year. We may not hold general meeting to elect new directors prior to the completion
of our initial business combination, in which case all of the current directors will continue in office until at least the completion
of the business combination. If there is an annual meeting, as a consequence of our staggered board of directors, only
a minority of the board of directors will be considered for appointment and our Sponsor, because of its ownership position, will control
the outcome, as only holders of our Class B ordinary shares will have the right to vote on the appointment of directors and to remove
directors prior to our initial business combination. Accordingly, our Sponsor will continue to exert control at least until the completion
of our initial business combination. 

41 

After
our initial business combination, it is possible that a majority of our directors and officers will live outside the United States and
all of our assets will be located outside the United States; therefore investors may not be able to enforce federal securities laws or
their other legal rights. 

It
is possible that after our initial business combination, a majority of our directors and officers will reside outside of the United States
and all of our assets will be located outside of the United States. As a result, it may be difficult, or in some cases not possible,
for investors in the United States to enforce their legal rights, to effect service of process upon all of our directors or officers
or to enforce judgments of United States courts predicated upon civil liabilities and criminal penalties on our directors and officers
under United States laws. 

We
are dependent upon our executive officers and directors and their loss could adversely affect our ability to operate. 

Our
operations are dependent upon a relatively small group of individuals and, in particular, our executive officers and directors. We believe
that our success depends on the continued service of our officers and directors, at least until we have completed our initial business
combination. In addition, our executive officers and directors are not required to commit any specified amount of time to our affairs
and, accordingly, will have conflicts of interest in allocating their time among various business activities, including identifying potential
business combinations and monitoring the related due diligence. We do not have an employment agreement with, or key-man insurance on
the life of, any of our directors or executive officers. 

The
unexpected loss of the services of one or more of our directors or executive officers could have a detrimental effect on us. 

Risks
Associated with Acquiring and Operating a Business in Foreign Countries 

If
we pursue a target company with operations or opportunities outside of the United States for our initial business combination, we may
face additional burdens in connection with investigating, agreeing to and completing such initial business combination, and if we effect
such initial business combination, we would be subject to a variety of additional risks that may negatively impact our operations. 

If
we pursue a target company with operations or opportunities outside of the United States for our initial business combination, we would
be subject to risks associated with cross-border business combinations, including in connection with investigating, agreeing to and completing
our initial business combination, conducting due diligence in a foreign jurisdiction, having such transaction approved by any local governments,
regulators or agencies and changes in the purchase price based on fluctuations in foreign exchange rates. 

If
we effect our initial business combination with such a company, we would be subject to any special considerations or risks associated
with companies operating in an international setting, including any of the following: 

costs
 and difficulties inherent in managing cross-border business operations; 

rules
 and regulations regarding currency redemption; 

complex
 corporate withholding taxes on individuals; 

laws
 governing the manner in which future business combinations may be effected; 

exchange
 listing and/or delisting requirements; 

tariffs
 and trade barriers; 

regulations
 related to customs and import/export matters; 

local
 or regional economic policies and market conditions; 

unexpected
 changes in regulatory requirements; 

42 

longer
 payment cycles; 

tax
 issues, such as tax law changes and variations in tax laws as compared to the United States; 

currency
 fluctuations and exchange controls; 

rates
 of inflation; 

challenges
 in collecting accounts receivable; 

cultural
 and language differences; 

employment
 regulations; 

underdeveloped
 or unpredictable legal or regulatory systems; 

corruption; 

protection
 of intellectual property; 

social
 unrest, crime, strikes, riots and civil disturbances; 

regime
 changes and political upheaval; 

terrorist
 attacks, natural disasters and wars; and 

deterioration
 of political relations with the United States. 

We
may not be able to adequately address these additional risks. If we were unable to do so, we may be unable to complete such initial business
combination, or, if we complete such initial business combination, our operations might suffer, either of which may adversely impact
our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

If
our management following our initial business combination is unfamiliar with United States securities laws, they may have to expend time
and resources becoming familiar with such laws, which could lead to various regulatory issues. 

Following
our initial business combination, our management may resign from their positions as officers or directors of the company and the management
of the target business at the time of the business combination will remain in place. Management of the target business may not be familiar
with United States securities laws. If new management is unfamiliar with United States securities laws, they may have to expend time
and resources becoming familiar with such laws. This could be expensive and time-consuming and could lead to various regulatory issues
which may adversely affect our operations. 

After
our initial business combination, substantially all of our assets may be located in a foreign country and substantially all of our revenue
may be derived from our operations in any such country. Accordingly, our results of operations and prospects will be subject, to a significant
extent, to the economic, political and social conditions and government policies, developments and conditions in the country in which
we operate. 

The
economic, political and social conditions, as well as government policies, of the country in which our operations are located could affect
our business. Economic growth could be uneven, both geographically and among various sectors of the economy and such growth may not be
sustained in the future. If in the future such country s economy experiences a downturn or grows at a slower rate than expected,
there may be less demand for spending in certain industries. A decrease in demand for spending in certain industries could materially
and adversely affect our ability to find an attractive target business with which to consummate our initial business combination and
if we effect our initial business combination, the ability of that target business to become profitable. 

43 

Exchange
rate fluctuations and currency policies may cause a target business ability to succeed in the international markets to be diminished. 

In
the event we acquire a non-U.S. target, all revenues and income would likely be received in a foreign currency, and the dollar equivalent
of our net assets and distributions, if any, could be adversely affected by reductions in the value of the local currency. The value
of the currencies in our target regions fluctuate and are affected by, among other things, changes in political and economic conditions.
Any change in the relative value of such currency against our reporting currency may affect the attractiveness of any target business
or, following consummation of our initial business combination, our financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, if a
currency appreciates in value against the dollar prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, the cost of a target
business as measured in dollars will increase, which may make it less likely that we are able to consummate such transaction. 

We
may reincorporate in another jurisdiction in connection with our initial business combination, and the laws of such jurisdiction may
govern some or all of our future material agreements and we may not be able to enforce our legal rights. 

In
connection with our initial business combination, we may relocate the home jurisdiction of our business from the Cayman Islands to another
jurisdiction. If we determine to do this, the laws of such jurisdiction may govern some or all of our future material agreements. The
system of laws and the enforcement of existing laws in such jurisdiction may not be as certain in implementation and interpretation as
in the United States. The inability to enforce or obtain a remedy under any of our future agreements could result in a significant loss
of business, business opportunities or capital. 

We
are subject to changing law and regulations regarding regulatory matters, corporate governance and public disclosure that have increased
both our costs and the risk of non-compliance. 

We
are subject to rules and regulations by various governing bodies, including, for example, the SEC, which are charged with the protection
of investors and the oversight of companies whose securities are publicly traded, and to new and evolving regulatory measures under applicable
law. Our efforts to comply with new and changing laws and regulations have resulted in and are likely to continue to result in, increased
general and administrative expenses and a diversion of management time and attention from seeking a business combination target. 

Moreover,
because these laws, regulations and standards are subject to varying interpretations, their application in practice may evolve over time
as new guidance becomes available. This evolution may result in continuing uncertainty regarding compliance matters and additional costs
necessitated by ongoing revisions to our disclosure and governance practices. If we fail to address and comply with these regulations
and any subsequent changes, we may be subject to penalty and our business may be harmed. 

General
Risk Factors 

Past
performance by our management team or their respective affiliates may not be indicative of future performance of an investment in us
or in the future performance of the business we may acquire. 

Information
regarding performance is presented for informational purposes only. Any past experience or performance of our management team and their
respective affiliates is not a guarantee of either (i) our ability to successfully identify and execute a transaction or (ii) success
with respect to any business combination that we may consummate. You should not rely on the historical record of our management team
or their respective affiliates as indicative of the future performance of an investment in us or the returns we will, or are likely to,
generate going forward. 

44 

Cyber
incidents or attacks directed at us could result in information theft, data corruption, operational disruption and/or financial loss. 

We
depend on digital technologies, including information systems, infrastructure and cloud applications and services, including those of
third parties with which we may deal. Sophisticated and deliberate attacks on, or security breaches in, our systems or infrastructure,
or the systems or infrastructure of third parties or the cloud, could lead to corruption or misappropriation of our assets, proprietary
information and sensitive or confidential data. As an early stage company without significant investments in data security protection,
we may not be sufficiently protected against such occurrences. We may not have sufficient resources to adequately protect against, or
to investigate and remediate any vulnerability to, cyber incidents. It is possible that any of these occurrences, or a combination of
them, could have adverse consequences on our business and lead to financial loss. 

We
may be a passive foreign investment company, or PFIC, which could result in adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences
to U.S. investors. 

If
we are a PFIC for any taxable year (or portion thereof) that is included in the holding period of a U.S. Holder of our Class A ordinary
shares or warrants, the U.S. Holder may be subject to adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences and may be subject to additional reporting
requirements. Our PFIC status for our current and subsequent taxable years may depend on whether we qualify for the PFIC start-up exception.
Depending on the particular circumstances the application of the start-up exception may be subject to uncertainty, and there cannot be
any assurance that we will qualify for the start-up exception. Accordingly, there can be no assurances with respect to our status as
a PFIC for our current taxable year or any subsequent taxable year. Our actual PFIC status for any taxable year, however, will not be
determinable until after the end of such taxable year. Moreover, if we determine we are a PFIC for any taxable year, upon written request,
we will endeavor to provide to a U.S. Holder such information as the Internal Revenue Service IRS may require, including
a PFIC Annual Information Statement, in order to enable the U.S. Holder to make and maintain a qualified electing fund 
election, but there can be no assurance that we will timely provide such required information, and such election would be unavailable
with respect to our warrants in all cases. We urge U.S. investors to consult their tax advisors regarding the possible application of
the PFIC rules. 

An
investment in our securities may result in uncertain or adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences. 

An
investment in our securities may result in uncertain U.S. federal income tax consequences. For instance, because there are no authorities
that directly address instruments similar to the units we issued in the Initial Public Offering, the allocation an investor makes with
respect to the purchase price of a unit between the Class A ordinary shares and the one-third of a warrant to purchase one Class A ordinary
share included in each unit could be challenged by the IRS or courts. Furthermore, the U.S. federal income tax consequences of a cashless
exercise of warrants included in the units we issued the Initial Public Offering is unclear under current law. Finally, it is unclear
whether the redemption rights with respect to our ordinary shares suspend the running of a U.S. Holder s holding period for purposes
of determining whether any gain or loss realized by such holder on the sale or exchange of Class A ordinary shares is long-term capital
gain or loss and for determining whether any dividend we pay would be considered qualified dividends for U.S. federal income
tax purposes. Prospective investors are urged to consult their tax advisors with respect to these and other tax consequences when purchasing,
holding or disposing of our securities. 

We
may reincorporate in another jurisdiction in connection with our initial business combination and such reincorporation may result in
taxes imposed on shareholders. 

We
may, in connection with our initial business combination and subject to requisite shareholder approval under the Companies Act, reincorporate
in the jurisdiction in which the target company or business is located or in another jurisdiction. The transaction may require a shareholder
or warrant holder to recognize taxable income in the jurisdiction in which the shareholder or warrant holder is a tax resident or in
which its members are resident if it is a tax transparent entity. We do not intend to make any cash distributions to shareholders or
warrant holders to pay such taxes. Shareholders or warrant holders may be subject to withholding taxes or other taxes with respect to
their ownership of us after the reincorporation. 

45 

We
are an emerging growth company and a smaller reporting company within the meaning of the Securities Act, and if we take advantage of
certain exemptions from disclosure requirements available to emerging growth companies or smaller reporting companies, 
this could make our securities less attractive to investors and may make it more difficult to compare our performance with other public
companies. 

We
are an emerging growth company within the meaning of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act, and we may take advantage
of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging
growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor internal controls attestation requirements
of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports
and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder
approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. As a result, our shareholders may not have access to certain information
they may deem important. We could be an emerging growth company for up to five years, although circumstances could cause us to lose that
status earlier, including if the market value of our Class A ordinary shares held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 700 million as
of any June 30 before that time, in which case we would no longer be an emerging growth company as of the following December 31.
We cannot predict whether investors will find our securities less attractive because we will rely on these exemptions. If some investors
find our securities less attractive as a result of our reliance on these exemptions, the trading prices of our securities may be lower
than they otherwise would be, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the trading prices of our securities may
be more volatile. 

Further,
Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial
accounting standards until private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective
or do not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting
standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements
that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such an election to opt out is irrevocable. We have elected not to opt out of such
extended transition period which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or
private companies, we, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new
or revised standard. This may make comparison of our financial statements with another public company which is neither an emerging growth
company nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of
the potential differences in accounting standards used. 

Additionally,
we are a smaller reporting company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may
take advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial
statements. We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our ordinary
shares held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 250 million as of the prior June 30, and (2) our annual revenues equaled or exceeded
 100 million during such completed fiscal year and the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 700
million as of the prior June 30. To the extent we take advantage of such reduced disclosure obligations, it may also make comparison
of our financial statements with other public companies difficult or impossible. 

We
have identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting. This material weakness could continue to adversely
affect our ability to report our results of operations and financial condition accurately and in a timely manner. 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting designed to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with GAAP. Our management is likewise required, on a quarterly basis, to evaluate the effectiveness of our internal controls and to disclose
any changes and material weaknesses identified through such evaluation in those internal controls. A material weakness is a deficiency,
or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material
misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 

46 

As
described elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K in connection with the audit of the balance sheet at July 23, 2021 and
the preparation of the interim financial statements for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2021, we identified a material
weakness in our internal control over financial reporting related to the Company s classification of a portion of its Class A Ordinary
Shares in permanent equity rather than temporary equity and the accounting for significant transactions resulting in the incorrect recording
of activity impacting the warrant liabilities and the incorrect recording of offering costs, resulting in a material audit adjustment.
As a result of this material weakness, our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective
as of December 31, 2022. 

Any
failure to maintain such internal control could adversely impact our ability to report our financial position and results from operations
on a timely and accurate basis. If our financial statements are not accurate, investors may not have a complete understanding of our
operations. Likewise, if our financial statements are not filed on a timely basis, we could be subject to sanctions or investigations
by the stock exchange on which our ordinary shares are listed, the SEC or other regulatory authorities. Ineffective internal controls
could also cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information, which could have a negative effect on the trading
price of our stock. 

We
can give no assurance that any additional material weaknesses or restatement of financial results will not arise in the future due to
a failure to implement and maintain adequate internal control over financial reporting or circumvention of these controls. In addition,
even if we are successful in strengthening our controls and procedures, in the future those controls and procedures may not be adequate
to prevent or identify irregularities or errors or to facilitate the fair presentation of our financial statements. 

Changes
in laws or regulations, or a failure to comply with any laws and regulations, may adversely affect our business, including our ability
to negotiate and complete our initial business combination, and results of operations. 

We
are subject to laws and regulations enacted by national, regional and local governments. In particular, we will be required to comply
with certain SEC and other legal requirements. Compliance with, and monitoring of, applicable laws and regulations may be difficult,
time consuming and costly. Those laws and regulations and their interpretation and application may also change from time to time and
those changes could have a material adverse effect on our business, investments and results of operations. In addition, a failure to
comply with applicable laws or regulations, as interpreted and applied, could have a material adverse effect on our business, including
our ability to negotiate and complete our initial business combination, and results of operations. 

On
March 30, 2022, the SEC issued proposed rules relating to, among other items, enhancing disclosures in business combination transactions
involving SPACs and private operating companies; amending the financial statement requirements applicable to transactions involving shell
companies; effectively limiting the use of projections in SEC filings in connection with proposed business combination transactions;
increasing the potential liability of certain participants in proposed business combination transactions; and the extent to which SPACs
could become subject to regulation under the Investment Company Act of 1940. These rules, if adopted, whether in the form proposed or
in revised form, may materially adversely affect our ability to negotiate and complete our initial business combination and may increase
the costs and time related thereto. 

ITEM 1B.
UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS. 

None. 

ITEM 2.
PROPERTIES. 

We
currently utilize office space at 280 Park Avenue, 29F East, New York, NY 10017, from our Sponsor and the members of our management team
as our executive offices. We consider our current office space adequate for our current operations. 

ITEM 3.
LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. 

As
of December 31, 2022, to the knowledge of our management, there was no material litigation, arbitration or governmental proceeding
pending against us or any members of our management team in their capacity as such, and we and the members of our management team have
not been subject to any such proceeding. 

ITEM 4.
MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES. 

Not
applicable. 

47 

PART
II 

ITEM 5.
MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. 

Market
Information 

Our
units, Class A ordinary shares and warrants are listed on NASDAQ under the symbols PFTAU, PFTA and PFTAW, 
respectively. 

Holders 

As
of December 31, 2022, there was 1 holder of record of our units and 1 holder of record of our Class A ordinary shares, and there
were 9 holders of record of our Class B ordinary shares and 2 holders of record of our warrants. The number of holders of record does
not include a substantially greater number of street name holders or beneficial holders whose units, Class A ordinary shares
and warrants are held of record by banks, brokers and other financial institutions. 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities; Use of Proceeds from Registered Offerings 

Unregistered
Sales 

The
sales of the Founder Shares and Private Placement Warrants to our Sponsor and our initial shareholders as described herein were deemed
to be exempt from registration under the Securities Act, in reliance on Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act as transactions by
an issuer not involving a public offering. 

Use
of Proceeds 

On
July 20, 2021, the Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-257185) (the Registration Statement relating
to the initial public offering (the Initial Public Offering of the Company was declared effective by the U.S. Securities
and Exchange Commission. The Company subsequently filed, on July 21, 2021, a Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333- 258062)
pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, which was effective immediately upon filing. On July 23,
2021, the Company consummated its Initial Public Offering of 24,000,000 Units, at 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of 240.0
million, with each unit consisting of one Class A ordinary share and one-third of one Warrant. The Company granted the underwriters a
45-day option to purchase up to an additional 3,600,000 Units at the Initial Public Offering price to cover over-allotments. On August 5,
2021, the underwriters partially exercised the over-allotment option to purchase an additional 1,911,379 Units generating gross proceeds
of approximately 19.1 million. Each whole Warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of 11.50
per share. Goldman Sachs Co. LLC acted as the representative for the underwriters. 

Net
proceeds of 259,113,790 from the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants, including deferred underwriting
discounts of approximately 9,068,983, were held in the Trust Account as of December 31, 2021. We paid 5,182,275 in underwriting
discounts and incurred offering costs of approximately 15,406,275 related to the Initial Public Offering. In addition, the underwriters
agreed to defer approximately 9,068,983 in underwriting discounts, which amount will be payable when and if a business combination is
consummated. On August 15, 2022, one of the underwriters, Goldman Sachs Co. LLC Goldman Sachs ), waived its
entitlement to the payment of any deferred fee to be paid under the terms of the underwriting agreement and is no longer serving in an
advisor capacity. As a result of Goldman Sachs waiving all of its 6,529,668 of deferred underwriting fees, as of December 31, 2022,
the deferred underwriting fee payable was 2,539,315. No payments were made by us to directors, officers or persons owning ten percent
or more of our ordinary shares or to their associates, or to our affiliates. There has been no material change in the planned use of
proceeds from the Initial Public Offering as described in our final prospectus dated July 20, 2021, which was filed with the SEC. 

ITEM 6.
[RESERVED] 

48 

ITEM 7.
MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. 

The
following discussion and analysis of the Company s financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction
with our audited financial statements and the notes related thereto which are included in Item 8. Financial Statements and
Supplementary Data of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth
below includes forward-looking statements. Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements
as a result of many factors, including those set forth under Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements, Item 1A.
Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Overview 

We
are a blank check company incorporated as a Cayman Islands exempted company on March 17, 2021 for the purpose of effecting a merger,
share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses. We intend
to effectuate our Business Combination using cash from the proceeds of our Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement
Warrants, our ordinary shares, debt or a combination of cash, shares and debt. 

We
expect to continue to incur significant costs in the pursuit of our acquisition plans. We cannot assure you that our plans to complete
a Business Combination will be successful. 

Results
of Operations 

We
have neither engaged in any operations nor generated any operating revenues to date. Our only activities from inception through December 31,
2022 were organizational activities, those necessary to prepare for our Initial Public Offering, described below, and our search for
a target company for a Business Combination. We do not expect to generate any operating revenues until after the completion of our Business
Combination. We generate non-operating income in the form of interest income on investments held in the Trust Account. We incur expenses
as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for due diligence
expenses in connection with searching for, and completing, a Business Combination. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, we had net income of 8,556,001, which consisted of 4,120,869 of investment income earned on
the Trust Account, 6,857,978 of other income due to change in the fair value of the warrant liabilities and 298,484 of reduction of
deferred underwriter fee payable, offset by 2,721,330 of general and administrative expenses. 

For
the period from March 17, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, we had net income of 7,930,074, which consisted of 37,157
of investment income, 1,995 of unrealized losses on investments held in the Trust Account, and 10,437,976 of changes in the fair value
of the warrant liabilities, offset by 2,543,064 of general and administrative expenses. 

Going
Concern, Liquidity and Capital Resources 

On
July 23, 2021, we consummated the Initial Public Offering of 24,000,000 Units, generating gross proceeds of 240,000,000. Simultaneously
with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, we consummated the sale of 6,333,334 Private Placement Warrants at a price of 1.50
per Private Placement Warrant in a private placement to our Sponsor, generating gross proceeds of 9,500,000. On August 3, 2021,
the underwriters notified the Company of their intention to partially exercise their over-allotment option. As such, on August 5,
2021, the Company consummated the sale of an additional 1,911,379 Units, at 10.00 per Unit, and the sale of an additional 254,850 Private
Placement Warrants, at 1.50 per Private Placement Warrant, generating total gross proceeds of 19,496,065. 

Following
the Initial Public Offering, the sale of the Private Placement Warrants, and the exercise of the over-allotment option by the underwriters,
a total of 259,113,790 10.00 per Unit) was placed in the Trust Account. We incurred 15,406,275 in Initial Public Offering related
costs, including 5,182,276 of underwriting fees, 9,068,983 of deferred underwriting fees and 1,155,016 of other costs. 

49 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, cash used in operating activities was 801,362. Net income of 8,556,001 was affected by reduction
of deferred underwriter fee payable of 298,484, investment income earned on the Trust Account of 4,120,869, and changes in the fair
value of warrants liabilities of 6,857,978. Changes in operating assets and liabilities provided 1,919,968 of cash for operating activities. 

For
the period from March 17, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, cash used in operating activities was 2,193,464. Net
income of 7,930,074 was affected by expenses paid by the Sponsor through the promissory note and advances of 206,428, interest earned
on investments held in the Trust Account of 37,157, unrealized losses on investments held in the Trust Account of 1,995, changes in
the fair value of warrants liabilities of 10,437,976 and transaction costs allocated to warrants liabilities of 701,000. Changes in
operating assets and liabilities used 557,828 of cash for operating activities. 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had investments held in the Trust Account of 263,269,821. We intend to use the funds held in the Trust
Account, including any amounts representing interest earned on the Trust Account (less taxes payable), to complete our Business Combination.
To the extent that our share capital or debt is used, in whole or in part, as consideration to complete our Business Combination, the
remaining proceeds held in the Trust Account will be used as working capital to finance the operations of the target business or businesses,
make other acquisitions and pursue our growth strategies. 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had cash of 368,687. We intend to use the funds held outside the Trust Account primarily to identify and
evaluate target businesses, perform business due diligence on prospective target businesses, travel to and from the offices, plants or
similar locations of prospective target businesses or their representatives or owners, review corporate documents and material agreements
of prospective target businesses, and structure, negotiate and complete a Business Combination. 

In
order to fund working capital deficiencies or finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor, or certain
of our officers and directors or their affiliates may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete a Business
Combination, we would repay such loaned amounts. In the event that a Business Combination does not close, we may use a portion of the
working capital held outside the Trust Account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our Trust Account would be used for
such repayment. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants upon consummation of the Business Combination at a price
of 1.50 per warrant. The warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there
were no amounts outstanding under such loans. 

In
connection with the Company s assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with Financial Accounting Standard Board s FASB ASC Subtopic 205-40, Presentation of Financial Statements - Going Concern, the Company has until July 23,
2023 to consummate a Business Combination. It is uncertain whether the Company will be able to consummate a Business Combination by this
time. If a Business Combination is not consummated by this date, there will be a mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution of
the Company. Management has determined that the liquidity conditions and mandatory liquidation, should a Business Combination not occur,
raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern through approximately one year from the date
these financial statements were issued. Management intends to consummate a Business Combination prior to July 23, 2023. These financial
statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recovery of the recorded assets or the classification of the liabilities that
might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Financing Arrangements 

We
have no obligations, assets or liabilities, which would be considered off-balance sheet arrangements as of December 31, 2022 and
2021. We do not participate in transactions that create relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, often referred
to as variable interest entities, which would have been established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements. We
have not entered into any off-balance sheet financing arrangements, established any special purpose entities, guaranteed any debt or
commitments of other entities, or purchased any non-financial assets. 

50 

Contractual
Obligations 

Commencing
on July 20, 2021, we agreed to pay our Sponsor a total of 10,000 per month for office space, utilities, secretarial and administrative
support services provided to members of our management team. Upon completion of the initial Business Combination or our liquidation,
we will cease paying these monthly fees. In addition, commencing on July 20, 2021 and until completion of our Business Combination
or liquidation, we will be required to reimburse our Sponsor or its affiliates monthly for compensation expenses of employees dedicated
to us (including the Chief Financial Officer) not to exceed 900,000 per year. We recognized approximately 120,000 for administrative
support services and approximately 878,000 for reimbursement of compensation expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022. We
recognized approximately 53,000 for administrative support services and approximately 593,000 for reimbursement of compensation expenses
from March 17, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021. 

The
holders of Founder Shares, Private Placement Warrants, and securities that may be issued upon conversion of Working Capital Loans, if
any, are entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration rights agreement. These holders will be entitled to make up to three
demands, excluding short form demands, that we register such securities. In addition, these holders will have certain piggy-back 
registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to the completion of the initial Business Combination. We
will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. 

The
underwriters are entitled to a deferred fee of three and half percent (3.50 of the gross proceeds of the Initial Public Offering, or
 9,068,983. On August 15, 2022, one of the underwriters, Goldman Sachs Co. LLC Goldman Sachs ), waived its entitlement
to the payment of any deferred fee to be paid under the terms of the underwriting agreement and is no longer serving in an advisor capacity.
As a result of Goldman Sachs waiving all of its 6,529,668 of deferred underwriting fees, the deferred underwriting fee payable was 2,539,315.
The deferred fee will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that the Company
completes a Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. 

We entered into an agreement,
dated as of August 18, 2022, with a financial advisor to assist us in introducing and facilitating a Business Combination with one or
more targets, subject to certain conditions. In the event a Business Combination is consummated with an introduced target, we shall pay
the financial advisor an M A fee equal to 1.50 of the aggregate value of the transaction, with a minimum fee of 4,000,000 and total
fee not to exceed 9,000,000. Additionally, we will reimburse the financial advisor for any out-of-pocket expenses, subject to certain
conditions. 

We entered into an agreement, dated as of October 8, 2022, with a financial
advisor to assist us in facilitating a Business Combination with a specific target, subject to certain conditions. The financial advisor
will receive a transaction fee of 8,000,000 subject to, and payable upon, the Company s successful consummation of a Business Combination
with the specific target. Additionally, we will reimburse the financial advisor for any out-of-pocket expenses, subject to certain conditions 

Critical
Accounting Policies and Estimates 

The
preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure
of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and income and expenses during the period reported. Actual
results could materially differ from those estimates. We have identified the following critical accounting policies: 

Warrant
Liabilities 

We
evaluated the Public Warrants and the Private Placement Warrants in accordance with ASC 815-40, Derivatives and Hedging 
Contracts in Entity s Own Equity, and concluded that a provision in the warrant agreement related to certain tender or exchange
offers precludes the Warrants from being accounted for as components of equity. As the Warrants meet the definition of a derivative as
contemplated in ASC 815, the Warrants are recorded as derivative liabilities on the balance sheets and measured at fair value at inception
(on the date of the Initial Public Offering) and at each reporting date in accordance with ASC 820, Fair Value Measurement ,
with changes in fair value recognized in the statements of operations in the period of change. 

Class
A Ordinary Shares Subject to Possible Redemption 

We
account for our Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption in accordance with the guidance in FASB ASC Topic 480 Distinguishing
Liabilities from Equity. The Class A ordinary shares subject to mandatory redemption (if any) are classified as liability instruments
and are measured at fair value. Conditionally redeemable shares of Class A ordinary shares (including Class A ordinary shares that feature
redemption rights that are either within the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not
solely within the Company s control) are classified as temporary equity. At all other times, Class A ordinary shares are classified
as shareholders equity. The Company s Class A ordinary shares feature certain redemption rights that are considered to be
outside of the Company s control and subject to the occurrence of uncertain future events. Accordingly, as of December 31,
2022 and 2021, Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption are presented as temporary equity, outside of the shareholders 
deficit section of the Company s balance sheets. 

51 

Net
income per ordinary share 

Net
income per share is computed by dividing net income by the weighted-average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the period.
The contractual formula utilized to calculate the redemption amount approximates fair value. The Class A ordinary shares feature
to redeem at fair value means that there is effectively only one class of shares. Changes in fair value are not considered a dividend
for the purposes of the numerator in the earnings per share calculation. Net income per ordinary share is computed by dividing the pro
rata net income between the Class A ordinary shares and the Class B ordinary shares by the weighted average number of ordinary shares
outstanding for each of the periods. The calculation of diluted income per ordinary share does not consider the effect of the warrants
issued in connection with the Initial Public Offering and the Private Placement since the exercise of the warrants is contingent upon
the occurrence of future events and the inclusion of such warrants would be anti-dilutive. 

Recent
accounting standards 

In
August 2020, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update ASU 2020-06, Debt Debt with Conversion and
Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging Contracts in Entity s Own Equity (Subtopic
815-40) ASU 2020-06 to simplify accounting for certain financial instruments. ASU 2020-06 eliminates the current models
that require separation of beneficial conversion and cash conversion features from convertible instruments and simplifies the derivative
scope exception guidance pertaining to equity classification of contracts in an entity s own equity. The new standard also introduces
additional disclosures for convertible debt and freestanding instruments that are indexed to and settled in an entity s own equity.
ASU 2020-06 amends the diluted earnings per share guidance, including the requirement to use the if-converted method for all convertible
instruments. ASU 2020-06 is effective for the Company for the fiscal year beginning after December 15, 2023, including interim periods
within those fiscal years, with early adoption permitted. The Company is currently assessing the impact, if any, that ASU 2020-06 would
have on its financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 

Management
does not believe that any recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting pronouncements, if currently adopted, would have a material
effect on the Company s financial statements. 

JOBS
Act 

The
Company is an emerging growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the Jumpstart
Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the JOBS Act ), and it may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting
requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not
being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, reduced disclosure
obligations regarding executive compensation in its periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding
a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. 

Further,
Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial
accounting standards until private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective
or do not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting
standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements
that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such election to opt out is irrevocable. The Company has elected not to opt out of
such extended transition period which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public
or private companies, the Company, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies
adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of the Company s financial statements with another public company which
is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult
or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting standards used. 

52 

ITEM 7A.
QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK. 

Not
required for smaller reporting companies. 

ITEM 8.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA. 

This
information appears following Item 15 of this Report and is included herein by reference. 

ITEM 9.
CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. 

None. 

ITEM 9A.
CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. 

Disclosure
Controls and Procedures 

Under
the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial and accounting
officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period ended
December 31, 2022, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act. 

Disclosure
controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in our Exchange Act reports is recorded,
processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is
accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer or persons
performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Based
on this evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer have concluded that during the period covered by
this report, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of December 31, 2022, because of a material weakness in
our internal control over financial reporting relating to the Company s classification of a portion of its Class A ordinary shares
in permanent equity rather than temporary equity, and the recording of activity impacting our warrant liabilities and the recording of
offering costs, as further described herein. 

Management s
Report on Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting 

As
required by SEC rules and regulations implementing Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, our management is responsible for establishing
and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of our financial statements for external reporting
purposes in accordance with GAAP. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: 

(1) pertain
 to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the
 transactions and dispositions of the assets of our company, 

(2) provide
 reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of
 financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that our receipts and expenditures are
 being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors, and 

(3) provide
 reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition,
 use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

53 

Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect errors or misstatements in our financial
statements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate
because of changes in conditions, or that the degree or compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Management assessed
the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting at December 31, 2022. In making these assessments, management
used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control 
Integrated Framework (2013). Based on our assessments and those criteria, management determined that we did not maintain effective internal
control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, due to the material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting
relating to the Company s classification of a portion of its Class A ordinary shares in permanent equity rather than temporary
equity, and the recording of activity impacting our warrant liabilities and the recording of offering costs. 

Management
has implemented remediation steps to improve our internal control over financial reporting. Specifically, we expanded and improved our
review process for complex securities and related accounting standards. We plan to further improve this process by enhancing access to
accounting literature, identification and consideration of third-party professionals with whom to consult regarding complex accounting
applications and implementing additional layers of reviews in the financial close process. 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm due to our
status as an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act. 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

In
connection with the audit of the balance sheet at July 23, 2021 and the preparation of the interim financial statements for the
fiscal period ended September 30, 2021, we identified a material weakness in our controls over financial reporting related to the
Company s classification of a portion of its Class A ordinary shares in permanent equity rather than temporary equity and the accounting
for significant transactions that resulted in the incorrect recording of activity impacting warrant liabilities and offering costs occurred
during the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2021. Specifically, the Company s management has concluded that the Company s
control around the interpretation and accounting for certain complex features of the shares of Class A ordinary shares and warrants issued
by the Company was not effectively designed or maintained. This material weakness resulted in the restatement of the Company s
balance sheet as of July 23, 2021. Additionally, this material weakness could result in a misstatement of the warrant liability,
shares of Class A ordinary shares and related accounts and disclosures that would result in a material misstatement of the financial
statements that would not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 

In
order to remediate this material weakness, we expanded and improved our review process for complex securities and related accounting
standards. We plan to further improve this process by enhancing access to accounting literature, identification and consideration of
third-party professionals with whom to consult regarding complex accounting applications and implementing additional layers of reviews
in the financial close process. Based on these measures, management believes that the control deficiencies will be remediated in a timely
manner as the revised controls will need to operate for a sufficient period of time for management to test that they are designed and
operating effectively before the material weakness will be considered remediated. Should additional changes to the remediation plan be
warranted, management will modify the planned measures accordingly. The elements of our remediation plan can only be accomplished over
time, and we can offer no assurance that these initiatives will ultimately have the intended effects. 

Other
than the steps taken to remediate the material weakness, there was no change in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred
during the period ended December 31, 2022, covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B.
OTHER INFORMATION. 

None. 

ITEM 9C.
DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS. 

Not
applicable. 

54 

PART
III 

ITEM 10.
DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE. 

Directors
and Executive Officers 

Our
directors and executive officers are as follows: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Adam Felesky 
 
 47 
 
 Chief Executive Officer
 and Director 
 
 Ajay Chowdhery 
 
 39 
 
 Chief Financial Officer,
 Chief Operating Officer and Director 
 
 Paul Desmarais III 
 
 40 
 
 Director 
 
 Steven Jay Freiberg 
 
 65 
 
 Director 
 
 Stuart Charles Harvey,
 Jr. 
 
 61 
 
 Director 
 
 G. Thompson Hutton 
 
 67 
 
 Director 
 
 Seraina Macia 
 
 54 
 
 Director 
 
 Jason Michael Pate 
 
 36 
 
 Director 

Adam
Felesky has been our Chief Executive Officer and a director since March 2021. Mr. Felesky has served as the Chief Executive
Officer of Portage Ventures since August 2016 and is based in Toronto. He has served as the Executive Chairman of KOHO Financial
Inc. since August 2017 and has served as a Director for Borrowell Inc. since April 2017; HD Insurance Ltd. (Hellas Direct)
since February 2019; Socotra, Inc. since February 2021; and Alpaca since July 2020; among numerous other FinTech companies,
and he also has served on the Advisory Board for Clark Germany GmbH since April 2018. Mr. Felesky previously served as a Director
of Wealthsimple Financial Corp. from June 2017 to November 2021. Between May 2005 and January 2015, he served as
the Founder and former CEO of Horizons Exchange Traded Funds, and a director and founding investor of BetaShares Exchange Traded Funds
in Australia. Previously, from August 2001 to May 2003, Mr. Felesky worked in J.P. Morgan s Derivatives group in New
York. Mr. Felesky began his career in investment banking at J.P. Morgan Canada from April 2000 to August 2001 and CIBC World
Markets from September 1999 to April 2000. Mr. Felesky is the recipient of a B.Eng. in Civil Engineering and a B.A. in Political
Science from McMaster University. We believe that Mr. Felesky s breadth of experience in FinTech, including as an investor, as
well as his prior service on boards, makes Mr. Felesky qualified to serve on our board of directors. 

Ajay
Chowdhery has been our Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer since March 2021, and has served on our board
of directors since July 2021. Mr. Chowdhery has extensive experience and a strong track record as an investor, advisor, and operator
in the financial services and FinTech industries. Prior to joining us, Mr. Chowdhery served as a mergers and acquisitions (M A) professional
at Visa Inc. from July 2015 to April 2021, one of the largest payments networks globally, and premier investment banks, including
Barclays from March 2011 to April 2014 and Perella Weinberg Partners from April 2014 to July 2015. During his six
years at Visa Inc., as a leader in the Corporate Development team, Mr. Chowdhery worked closely with Visa s C-suite on identifying
and executing acquisitions and investments. Mr. Chowdhery helped revive the M A and investments function, significantly accelerating
the pace of deal activity. During Mr. Chowdhery s tenure as a Corporate Development professional, Visa completed over 25 transactions
with a cumulative value of over 24 billion across the payments and broader FinTech industry. Earlier, as an investment banker with Barclays
and Perella Weinberg Partners, Mr. Chowdhery led numerous corporate engagements including M A, joint ventures, carve-outs, recapitalizations,
and strategic alternative assessments to startups, public and private companies across the globe in the financial services and FinTech
industries. Mr. Chowdhery earned a Master of Business Administration from Duke University s The Fuqua School of Business. We believe
that Mr. Chowdhery s investment and M A expertise in the financial services and FinTech industries makes him well qualified
to serve on our board of directors. 

55 

Paul
Desmarais III has been a director on our board of directors since March 2021. Mr. Desmarais has served as the Chairman and
CEO of Sagard since May 2016, the Executive Chairman and Co-Founder of Portage Ventures since August 2016, and the Chairman
and Co-Founder of Diagram Venture since February 2016. Within the investment portfolios of Portage Ventures and Sagard, he has served
as the Chairman of Wealthsimple Financial Corp. since April 2015 and Dialogue Technologies Inc. (TSX: CARE) since January 2020,
a director of Nesto Inc. since May 2021, and EverWest Holdings Inc. since November 2021. Mr. Desmarais previously served as
a director of Personal Capital from December 2016 to August 2020, KOHO Financial Inc. from May 2015 to January 2022,
and Grayhawk Investment Strategies from March 2020 to June 2022. Mr. Desmarais has also served with Power Corporation of Canada
since May 2014, and is currently Senior Vice President. He has also served on the boards of Groupe Bruxelles Lambert since April 2014
and Imerys from May 2014 until May 2022. Prior to his current role, Mr. Desmarais worked at Goldman Sachs from July 2004
to May 2009 in the Investment Banking Division, Investment Strategy Group, and Special Situations Group; Imerys from September 2010
to July 2012 in supply chain management and strategy; and Great-West Lifeco Inc. from September 2012 to May 2014 in risk
management. Mr. Desmarais is a recipient of a B.A. in economics from Harvard College and holds an MBA from INSEAD in France. We believe
that Mr. Desmarais deep finance expertise and investing knowledge make him well qualified to serve on our board of directors. 

Steven
Jay Freiberg has served on our board of directors since July 2021. Mr. Freiberg has served as the Vice Chairman of the Board
of Directors of SoFi since September 2017, Rewards Network since 2017, Regional Management since July 2014, Purchasing Power,
LLC since 2017, and Compass Digital Acquisition Corp. since September 2021. Mr. Freiberg previously served as a Director of MasterCard
from September 2006 to June 2022. Additionally, he is the Founder of Grand Vista Partners and a Senior Advisor to Boston Consulting
Group, Verisk Analytics, and TowerBrook Capital Partners. Mr. Freiberg s previous experience includes 30 years at Citigroup from
1980 to 2010 with notable roles that included Co-Chairman and CEO of Citigroup s Global Consumer Group, with responsibility for
all consumer and commercial banking globally. At that time, the Group spanned 53 countries, 230,000 employees, a 1 trillion managed
balance sheet, and 12 billion of earnings. In addition, he was a member of Citigroup s Executive, Operating and Management Committees
as well as a Board Member of Citibank NA and the Citigroup Foundation. From March 2010 to October 2012 he was the CEO of E Trade
and Board Chair from 2011 to 2012. At E Trade he successfully addressed a number of significant challenges facing the company and under
his leadership the business returned solidly to profitability, balance sheet related issues were remediated, and growth accelerated to
rival top industry competitors. We believe that Mr. Freiberg s experience as a director and chief executive officer of public and
private companies and his finance background make him well qualified to serve on our board of directors. 

Stuart
Charles Harvey, Jr. has served on our board of directors since July 2021. Mr. Harvey currently serves as Chairman and Director
of Trustwave Holdings (since September 2008) and as an independent director of Engage2Excel and Weave Communications, Inc. He also
is the former Chairman of Paysafe Group, a multinational payments company, from April 2018 to April 2021. From September 2018
to September 2019, he was Executive Chairman of Wageworks, Inc., a consumer directed benefits company that was sold to HealthEquity
Inc. for 2.1 billion. Prior to joining the Company, from November 2016 to January 2018, Mr. Harvey served as the President
and Chief Operating Officer of Piper Jaffray Companies. In this role, he led the operations of the firm s global investment banking,
equities, public finance, fixed income and asset management businesses. Mr. Harvey rejoined Piper Jaffray in November 2015 as a
partner in its merchant banking group, having previously served as a managing director at Piper Jaffray in its investment banking group
from 1993 to 2003. Mr. Harvey previously held senior leadership positions including chairman, CEO and president of Ceridian Corporation
from August 2010 to August 2015, and Chairman and CEO of Comdata, Inc., a subsidiary that was split off by Ceridian. During
his tenure at Ceridian, Mr. Harvey directed Ceridian s acquisition of Dayforce Corp. in 2012, and the sale of Comdata, Inc. to
Fleetcor Technologies, Inc. for 3.45 billion in 2014. From 2003 to 2010, Mr. Harvey was with Elavon Global Acquiring Solutions, Inc.,
a subsidiary of U.S. Bancorp, becoming president in 2005 and CEO in 2008, where he had global responsibility for the business, including
leading its international expansion efforts. We believe that Mr. Harvey s broad finance, operating and investing experience, as
well as his knowledge of M A and capital markets transactions, make him well qualified to serve on our board of directors. 

56 

G.
Thompson Hutton has served on our board of directors since July 2021. Mr. Hutton has served as the Chairman of the Board
of Directors of SoFi since September 2017 and a director of SoFi since June 2012. Mr. Hutton previously served as interim Chief
Executive Officer of SoFi from September 2017 to March 2018. Mr. Hutton has served as the Managing Partner of Thompson Hutton,
LLC Thompson Hutton ), an investment management firm since 2000. He founded and has served as Managing Partner of XL Innovate
fund, a venture capital fund, since 2015. He served as a Board member of Lemonade Inc. From 2015 until 2019. He previously served as
a Board member of public companies including Safeco Insurance, XL Group, and Montpelier Re Holdings Ltd., among numerous other private
and venture-backed companies. Mr. Hutton has previously held leadership roles in several financial services and related technology businesses.
He founded New Energy Risk in partnership with XL Group in 2011 and served as CEO until starting XL Innovate in 2015, and was CEO of
Risk Management Solutions (RMS) from 1990 to 2000. He has various non-profit roles and interests in secondary school education and energy/environmental
initiatives. We believe that Mr. Hutton s experience investing in financial services and related technology businesses and his
current and prior roles as a director and executive officer of various companies make him well qualified to serve on our board of directors. 

Seraina
Macia has served on our board of directors since July 2021. Ms. Macia has served as CEO and Co-Founder of Joyn Insurance,
a newly created technology-focused underwriter of small and middle market insurance in the US, since October 2020. She has served
as a member of the board of directors of Credit Suisse Group since April 2015, and currently sits on their audit committee. She
previously served as a Board Member of the Food Bank for New York City from June 2013 to February 2019, and has served as their
Chairwoman since February 2019. She has served as Board Chair of BanQu Inc since June 2018. Previously, from July 2017
to August 2020, Ms. Macia was CEO of Blackboard Insurance, a technology-focused insurance subsidiary of AIG, as well as Executive
Vice President of AIG. Ms. Macia rejoined AIG from Hamilton Insurance Group, where she served as CEO of Hamilton USA from October 2016
to July 2017, leading the group s US operations. Before being named CEO of Hamilton USA, Ms. Macia served as CEO and Executive
Vice President of Regional Management and Operations at AIG from January to March 2016, and prior to that, served as CEO and President
of AIG EMEA from November 2013 to December 2015, with responsibility for 47 countries across Europe, the Middle East, and Africa.
Before joining AIG, she held several senior positions including CEO of XL Insurance North America from September 2010 to November 2013;
President of Zurich North America Commercial Specialties business from July 2007 to August 2010; and Head of Investor Relations
and Rating Agency Management of Zurich Insurance Group from May 2002 to March 2006. Before joining Zurich Insurance Group,
Ms. Macia served as a founding partner and financial analyst for NZB NeueZuercher Bank in Switzerland between December 2000 and
April 2002. Between 1990 and 2000, she held various management positions in underwriting and finance at Swiss Re in Switzerland
and Australia. In 2009, Ms. Macia was nominated as Young Global Leader by the World Economic Forum and was a Business Insurance Women
to Watch honoree the same year. She holds an MBA from Monash University in Australia and is a CFA charterholder. We believe that Ms.
Macia s experience in financial services and as a director of various public and private companies make her well qualified to serve
on our board of directors. 

Jason
Pate has served on our board of directors since July 2021. Mr. Pate has served as the Head of Finance and Head of Business
Development and Corporate Development at Plaid since February 2018 with responsibility for finance, business development, product
partnerships, corporate strategy, investments and acquisitions. At Plaid, Mr. Pate has supported the company s expansion into new
products, new geographies, and new use cases across digital finance. Mr. Pate led the acquisition of Quovo and Plaid s sale to
Visa. Prior to Plaid, Mr. Pate served as VP of Corporate Strategy Development at Rubicon Global from June 2016 to February 2018
and Co-founder of Tava from August 2012 to March 2016. Mr. Pate began his career at Bain and Company, serving from October 2009
to August 2012. Mr. Pate is an active investor/advisor and has previous experience serving as a Director of the Coca-Cola Foundation
from 2009 to 2017 and the Sanford School of Public Policy from 2007 to 2009. We believe that Mr. Pate s business development and
operating experience make him well qualified to serve on our board of directors. 

57 

Number
and Terms of Office of Officers and Directors 

Our
board of directors is divided into three classes, with only one class of directors being elected in each year, and with each class (except
for those directors appointed prior to our first annual meeting of shareholders) serving a three-year term. In accordance with the Nasdaq
corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual meeting until one year after our first fiscal year end following
our listing on Nasdaq. The term of office of the first class of directors, consisting of Seraina Macia and G. Thompson Hutton, will expire
at our first annual meeting of shareholders. The term of office of the second class of directors, consisting of Jason Michael Pate, Stuart
Charles Harvey, Jr. and Ajay Chowdhery, will expire at our second annual meeting of shareholders. The term of office of the third class
of directors, consisting of Adam Felesky, Paul Desmarais III, and Steven Jay Freiberg, will expire at our third annual meeting of shareholders. 

Prior
to the completion of an initial business combination, any vacancy on the board of directors may be filled by a nominee chosen by holders
of a majority of our Founder Shares. In addition, prior to the completion of an initial business combination, holders of a majority of
our Founder Shares may remove a member of the board of directors for any reason. Incumbent directors will also have the ability to appoint
additional directors or to appoint replacement directors in the event of a vacancy. 

Pursuant
to an agreement entered into in connection with the Initial Public Offering, our Sponsor, upon and following consummation of an initial
business combination, will be entitled to nominate three individuals for election to our board of directors, as long as the Sponsor holds
any securities covered by the registration and shareholder rights agreement. 

Our
officers are appointed by the board of directors and serve at the discretion of the board of directors, rather than for specific terms
of office. Our board of directors is authorized to appoint persons to the offices set forth in our amended and restated memorandum and
articles of association as it deems appropriate. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association will provide that our
officers may consist of one or more chairman of the board, chief executive officer, president, chief financial officer, vice presidents,
secretary, treasurer and such other offices as may be determined by the board of directors. 

Director
Independence 

Nasdaq
listing standards require that a majority of our board of directors be independent. Our board of directors has determined that Steven
Jay Freiberg, Stuart Charles Harvey, Jr., G. Thompson Hutton, Seraina Macia, and Jason Michael Pate are independent directors 
as defined in the Nasdaq listing standards. Our independent directors will have regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent
directors are present. 

Board
Committees 

Audit
Committee 

We
have an audit committee comprised of Stuart Charles Harvey, Jr., Seraina Macia, and Jason Michael Pate, with Stuart Charles Harvey, Jr.
serving as the Chairperson of the audit committee. Our board of directors has determined that each of Stuart Charles Harvey, Jr., Seraina
Macia, and Jason Michael Pate are independent under the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules. Each member of the audit committee
is financially literate and our board of directors has determined that Stuart Charles Harvey, Jr. qualifies as an audit committee
financial expert as defined in applicable SEC rules. 

We
adopted an audit committee charter, which details the principal functions of the audit committee, including: 

meeting
 with our independent registered public accounting firm regarding, among other issues, audits,
 and adequacy of our accounting and control systems; 

monitoring
 the independence of the independent registered public accounting firm; 

verifying
 the rotation of the lead (or coordinating) audit partner having primary responsibility for
 the audit and the audit partner responsible for reviewing the audit as required by law; 

58 

inquiring
 and discussing with management our compliance with applicable laws and regulations; 

pre-approving
 all audit services and permitted non-audit services to be performed by our independent registered
 public accounting firm, including the fees and terms of the services to be performed; 

appointing
 or replacing the independent registered public accounting firm; 

determining
 the compensation and oversight of the work of the independent registered public accounting
 firm (including resolution of disagreements between management and the independent registered
 public accounting firm regarding financial reporting) for the purpose of preparing or issuing
 an audit report or related work; 

establishing
 procedures for the receipt, retention and treatment of complaints received by us regarding
 accounting, internal accounting controls or reports which raise material issues regarding
 our financial statements or accounting policies; 

monitoring
 compliance on a quarterly basis with the terms of the Initial Public Offering and, if any
 noncompliance is identified, immediately taking all action necessary to rectify such noncompliance
 or otherwise causing compliance with the terms of the Initial Public Offering; and 

reviewing
 and approving all payments made to our existing shareholders, executive officers or directors
 and their respective affiliates. Any payments made to members of our audit committee will
 be reviewed and approved by our board of directors, with the interested director or directors
 abstaining from such review and approval. 

Nominating
and Corporate Governance Committee 

We
have adopted a nominating and corporate governance committee of the board of directors. The members of our nominating and corporate governance
are G. Thompson Hutton, Seraina Macia, and Jason Michael Pate, with Seraina Macia serving as Chairperson of the nominating committee.
Our board of directors has determined that each member of the nominating committee is independent. 

We
adopted a nominating and corporate governance committee charter, which details the purpose and responsibilities of the nominating and
corporate governance committee, including overseeing the selection of persons to be nominated to serve on our board of directors. The
nominating committee considers persons identified by its members, management, shareholders, investment bankers and others. 

Guidelines
for Selecting Director Nominees 

The
guidelines for selecting nominees are specified in the nominating and corporate governance committee charter, generally provide that
persons to be nominated: 

should
 have demonstrated notable or significant achievements in business, education or public service; 

should
 possess the requisite intelligence, education and experience to make a significant contribution
 to the board of directors and bring a range of skills, diverse perspectives and backgrounds
 to its deliberations; and 

should
 have the highest ethical standards, a strong sense of professionalism and intense dedication
 to serving the interests of the shareholders. 

The
nominating committee will consider a number of qualifications relating to management and leadership experience, background and integrity
and professionalism in evaluating a person s candidacy for membership on the board of directors. The nominating committee may require
certain skills or attributes, such as financial or accounting experience, to meet specific board needs that arise from time to time and
will also consider the overall experience and makeup of its members to obtain a broad and diverse mix of board members. The nominating
committee does not distinguish among nominees recommended by shareholders and other persons. 

59 

Compensation
Committee 

We
have established a compensation committee of the board of directors. Stuart Charles Harvey, Jr., G. Thompson Hutton, and Jason Michael
Pate serve as members of our compensation committee, with G. Thompson Hutton serving as the Chairperson of the compensation committee.
Under the Nasdaq listing standards, we are required to have a compensation committee composed entirely of independent directors. Our
board of directors has determined that each member of the compensation committee is independent. 

We
have adopted a compensation committee charter, which details the principal functions of the compensation committee, including: 

reviewing
 and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our Chief
 Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluating their performance in light of such
 goals and objectives and determining and approving the remuneration (if any) of such officers
 based on such evaluation; 

reviewing
 and approving the compensation of all of our other Section 16 executive officers; 

reviewing
 our executive compensation policies and plans; 

implementing
 and administering our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans; 

assisting
 management in complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements; 

approving
 all special perquisites, special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit
 arrangements for our executive officers and employees; 

producing
 a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement; and 

reviewing,
 evaluating and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors. 

The
charter provides that the compensation committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant,
legal counsel or other adviser and is directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of any such adviser.
However, before engaging or receiving advice from a compensation consultant, external legal counsel or any other adviser, the compensation
committee will consider the independence of each such adviser, including the factors required by the Nasdaq and the SEC. 

Code
of Ethics and Committee Charters 

We
adopted a Code of Ethics applicable to our directors, officers and employees. A copy of the Code of Ethics and the charters of the committees
of our board of directors will be provided without charge upon request from us. If we make any amendments to our Code of Ethics other
than technical, administrative or other non-substantive amendments, or grant any waiver, including any implicit waiver, from a provision
of the Code of Ethics applicable to our principal executive officer, principal financial officer principal accounting officer or controller
or persons performing similar functions requiring disclosure under applicable SEC or Nasdaq rules, we will disclose the nature of such
amendment or waiver on our website. In addition, a copy of the code of ethics is posted on our website: www.portagespac.com. 

60 

Conflicts
of Interest 

Under
Cayman Islands law, directors and officers owe the following fiduciary duties: 

duty
 to act in good faith in what the director or officer believes to be in the best interests
 of the company as a whole; 

duty
 to exercise powers for the purposes for which those powers were conferred and not for a collateral
 purpose; 

directors
 should not improperly fetter the exercise of future discretion; 

duty
 not to put themselves in a position in which there is a conflict between their duty to the
 company and their personal interests; and 

duty
 to exercise independent judgment. 

In
addition to the above, directors also owe a duty of care which is not fiduciary in nature. This duty has been defined as a requirement
to act as a reasonably diligent person having both the general knowledge, skill and experience that may reasonably be expected of a person
carrying out the same functions as are carried out by that director in relation to the company and the general knowledge skill and experience
of that director. 

As
set out above, directors have a duty not to put themselves in a position of conflict and this includes a duty not to engage in self-dealing,
or to otherwise benefit as a result of their position. However, in some instances what would otherwise be a breach of this duty can be
forgiven and/or authorized in advance by the shareholders provided that there is full disclosure by the directors. This can be
done by way of permission granted in the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association or alternatively by shareholder
approval at shareholder meetings. 

Certain
of our officers and directors presently have, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary and contractual duties to
other entities including, without limitation, any future special purpose acquisition companies we expect they may be involved in. As
a result, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity to
which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, then, he or she may need to honor such fiduciary or contractual
obligations to present such business combination opportunity to such entity, before we can pursue such opportunity. If these other entities
decide to pursue any such opportunity, we may be precluded from pursuing the same. However, we do not expect these duties to materially
affect our ability to complete our initial business combination. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide
that to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, we renounce any interest or expectancy in or in being offered an opportunity
to participate in any business combination opportunity: (i) which may be a corporate opportunity for both us and our Sponsor or its affiliates
and any companies in which our Sponsor or its affiliates have invested about which any of our officers or directors acquires knowledge;
or (ii) the presentation of which would breach an existing legal obligation of a director or officer to another entity, and we will waive
any claim or cause of action we may have in respect thereof. In addition, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
will contain provisions to exculpate and indemnify, to the maximum extent permitted by law, such persons in respect of any liability,
obligation or duty to the company that may arise as a consequence of such persons becoming aware of any business opportunity or failing
to present such business opportunity. 

61 

Below
is a table summarizing most, but not all, of the key entities to which our executive officers and directors currently have fiduciary
duties, contractual obligations or other material management relationships: 

Individual 
 
 Entity 
 
 Entity s
 Business 
 
 Affiliation 
 
 Adam Felesky 
 
 Portag3 Ventures GP Inc. 
 
 Venture Capital 
 
 Director and Chief Executive Officer 

Portag3 Ventures II GP Inc. 
 
 Venture Capital 
 
 Director and Chief Executive Officer 

Portage Ventures III GP Inc. 
 
 Venture Capital 
 
 Director and Chief Executive Officer 

Borrowell Inc. 
 
 FinTech 
 
 Director 

KOHO Financial Inc. 
 
 FinTech 
 
 Director 

FL Fintech E. GmbH (i.e., Clark) 
 
 InsurTech 
 
 Director 

HD Insurance Limited (Hellas Direct) 
 
 InsurTech 
 
 Director 

Gradient Boosted Investments Inc. 
 
 FinTech 
 
 Director 

Grayhawk Wealth Holdings Inc. 
 
 Wealth Management 
 
 Director 

AlpacaDB, Inc. 
 
 FinTech 
 
 Director 

Socotra, Inc. 
 
 FinTech 
 
 Director 

Terado Gas Storage Corp. 
 
 Industrial 
 
 Director 

Ajay Chowdhery 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Paul Desmarais III 
 
 Power Corporation of Canada(1) 
 
 Holding Company 
 
 Senior Vice-President 

Groupe Bruxelles Lambert 
 
 Holding Company 
 
 Director 

Portag3Ventures GP Inc.(1) 
 
 Venture Capital 
 
 Director and Executive Chairman 

Portag3 Ventures II GP Inc. 
 
 Venture Capital 
 
 Director and Executive Chairman 

Portage Ventures III GP Inc. 
 
 Venture Capital 
 
 Director and Executive Chairman 

Sagard Capital Partners Management Corp. 
 
 Asset Management 
 
 Director, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

Sagard Holdings Inc. 
 
 Asset Management 
 
 Director, Chairman and CEO 

Sagard Holdings Manager GP Inc. 
 
 Asset Management 
 
 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

Sagard Credit Partners GP Inc. 
 
 Private Credit 
 
 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

Sagard Credit Partners II GP Inc. 
 
 Private Credit 
 
 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

Sagard Healthcare Royalty Partners GP LLC 
 
 Healthcare Royalties 
 
 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

Sagard Holdings Management Inc. 
 
 Asset Management 
 
 Director, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

Sagard Holdings Manager (Canada) Inc. 
 
 Asset Management 
 
 Director and Chief Executive Officer 

Diagram Ventures GP Inc. 
 
 Venture Capital 
 
 Director and Chairman 

Diagram Ventures II GP Inc. 
 
 Venture Capital 
 
 Director 

Diagram Opportunity GP Inc. 
 
 Venture Capital 
 
 Director and Chairman 

Dialogue Technologies Inc. 
 
 FinTech 
 
 Director and Chairman 

Wealthsimple Financial Corp. 
 
 FinTech 
 
 Director and Chairman 

Redesign Health 
 
 Healthcare 
 
 Director 

62 

G. Thompson Hutton 
 
 Thompson Hutton
 LLC 
 
 Venture Capital 
 
 Managing Partner 

XL Innovate LP 
 
 Venture Capital 
 
 Managing Partner and Director 

Social Finance, Inc. (SoFi) 
 
 FinTech 
 
 Chairman 

Cape Analytics 
 
 Technology 
 
 Director 

GeoQuant 
 
 Technology 
 
 Director 

Lemonade 
 
 FinTech 
 
 Director 

New Energy Risk 
 
 Consulting Services 
 
 Director 

Pillar 
 
 Construction Technology 
 
 Director 

Slice 
 
 FinTech 
 
 Director 

Windward 
 
 Technology 
 
 Director 

ZenDrive 
 
 Automotive Technology 
 
 Director 

Archipelago 
 
 FinTech 
 
 Director 

Archer 
 
 FinTech 
 
 Director 

MoCaFi 
 
 FinTech 
 
 Director 

Philbrooks Boatyard 
 
 Marine 
 
 Director 

Stuart Charles Harvey, Jr. 
 
 Trustwave Holdings 
 
 Technology 
 
 Chairman 

Weave Communications, Inc. 
 
 Technology 
 
 Director 

Engage2Excel 
 
 Business Services 
 
 Director 

Flowbird 
 
 Technology 
 
 Chairman 

Affinpay 
 
 Technology 
 
 Director 

Steven Jay Freiberg 
 
 Social Finance, Inc. (SoFi) 
 
 FinTech 
 
 Vice Chairman of the Board 

Rewards Network 
 
 FinTech 
 
 Chairman 

MasterCard 
 
 Financial Services 
 
 Director 

Regional Management Corp. 
 
 Financial Services 
 
 Director 

Purchasing Power, LLC 
 
 FinTech 
 
 Director 

Compass Digital Acquisition Corp. 
 
 SPAC 
 
 Director 

Grand Vista Partners 
 
 Family Office 
 
 Founder 

Jason Michael Pate 
 
 Plaid Technologies Inc 
 
 FinTech 
 
 Head of Finance and Head of 
 Business Development and Corporate Development 

Seraina Macia 
 
 Credit Suisse 
 
 Banking 
 
 Director 

BanQu, Inc. 
 
 Technology 
 
 Chairwoman 

Joyn Insurance 
 
 Financial Services 
 
 Co-Founder and CEO 

Food Bank for New York City 
 
 Not-for-Profit / Food Distribution 
 
 Chairwoman 

(1) Includes
certain of its portfolio companies, subsidiaries or other affiliates, as applicable. 

63 

Potential
investors should also be aware of the following other potential conflicts of interest: 

Our
 executive officers and directors are not required to, and will not, commit their full time
 to our affairs, which may result in a conflict of interest in allocating their time between
 our operations and our search for a business combination and their other businesses. We do
 not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the completion of our initial business
 combination. Each of our executive officers is engaged in several other business endeavors
 for which they may be entitled to substantial compensation, and our executive officers are
 not obligated to contribute any specific number of hours per week to our affairs. 

Our
 Sponsor subscribed for Founder Shares prior to the Initial Public Offering and purchased
 private placement warrants in a transaction that closed simultaneously with the closing of
 the Initial Public Offering. 

Our
 Sponsor, each member of our management team and our advisors have entered into an agreement
 with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect
 to any Founder Shares and public shares held by them in connection with (i) the completion
 of our initial business combination and (ii) a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to
 our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the
 substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the
 right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or
 to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination
 by July 23, 2023 or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of
 holders of our Class A ordinary shares or pre-initial business combination activity. Additionally,
 our Sponsor has agreed to waive its rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account
 with respect to its Founder Shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination
 within the prescribed time frame. If we do not complete our initial business combination
 within the prescribed time frame, the private placement warrants will expire worthless. Except
 as described herein, our Sponsor, each member of our management team and our advisors have
 agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of their Founder Shares until the earliest of
 (A) one year after the completion of our initial business combination and (B) subsequent
 to our initial business combination, (x) if the closing price of our Class A ordinary shares
 equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for share subdivisions, share capitalizations,
 reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading
 day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial business combination, or (y) the
 date on which we complete a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction
 that results in all of our public shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary
 shares for cash, securities or other property. Except as described herein, the private placement
 warrants will not be transferable until 30 days following the completion of our initial business
 combination. Because each of our executive officers and director nominees will own ordinary
 shares or warrants directly or indirectly, they may have a conflict of interest in determining
 whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate
 our initial business combination. 

Our
 officers and directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular
 business combination if the retention or resignation of any such officers and directors is
 included by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our initial
 business combination. In addition, our Sponsor, officers and directors may Sponsor, form
 or participate in other blank check companies similar to ours during the period in which
 we are seeking an initial business combination. Any such companies may present additional
 conflicts of interest in pursuing an acquisition target, particularly in the event there
 is overlap among investment mandates. 

64 

We
are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our Sponsor, officers or directors.
In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our Sponsor or any of our officers
or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another
independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions that such initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial
point of view. We are not required to obtain such an opinion in any other context. Furthermore, in no event will we pay our Sponsor or
any of our existing officers or directors, or their respective affiliates any finder s fee, consulting fee or other compensation
prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate, the completion of our initial business combination. Further, on or
prior to the closing of the initial business combination we will reimburse our Sponsor or its affiliates for formation and other pre-IPO
expenses incurred on our behalf, not to exceed 900,000. Commencing on the date our securities are first listed on the Nasdaq, on a monthly
basis, we will (a) reimburse an affiliate of our Sponsor for office space and secretarial, administrative and other services provided
to us in the amount of 10,000 per month and (b) reimburse our Sponsor or any of its affiliates for any out-of-pocket expenses (or an
allocable portion thereof), to the extent that any of them incurs expenses related to identifying, investigating, negotiating and completing
an initial business combination (including any travel expenses). 

We
cannot assure you that any of the above mentioned conflicts will be resolved in our favor. 

Under
our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, we will complete our initial business combination only upon obtaining
shareholder approval of such business combination by an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law, unless a higher approval threshold
is required under Cayman Islands law. In such case, our Sponsor, each member of our management team and our advisors have agreed to vote
their Founder Shares and public shares in favor of our initial business combination. 

Limitation
on Liability and Indemnification of Officers and Directors 

Cayman
Islands law does not limit the extent to which a company s memorandum and articles of association may provide for indemnification
of officers and directors, except to the extent any such provision may be held by the Cayman Islands courts to be contrary to public
policy, such as to provide indemnification against willful default, willful neglect, civil fraud or the consequences of committing a
crime. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association will provide for indemnification of our officers and directors
to the maximum extent permitted by law, including for any liability incurred in their capacities as such, except through their own actual
fraud, willful default or willful neglect. We will enter into agreements with our directors and officers to provide contractual indemnification
in addition to the indemnification provided for in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. We expect to purchase
a policy of directors and officers liability insurance that insures our officers and directors against the cost of defense,
settlement or payment of a judgment in some circumstances and insures us against our obligations to indemnify our officers and directors. 

Our
officers and directors have agreed to waive any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies in the Trust Account,
and have agreed to waive any right, title, interest or claim of any kind they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of,
any services provided to us and will not seek recourse against the Trust Account for any reason whatsoever (except to the extent they
are entitled to funds from the Trust Account due to their ownership of public shares). Accordingly, any indemnification provided will
only be able to be satisfied by us if (i) we have sufficient funds outside of the Trust Account or (ii) we consummate an initial business
combination. 

Our
indemnification obligations may discourage shareholders from bringing a lawsuit against our officers or directors for breach of their
fiduciary duty. These provisions also may have the effect of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against our officers and
directors, even though such an action, if successful, might otherwise benefit us and our shareholders. Furthermore, a shareholder s
investment may be adversely affected to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against our officers and directors
pursuant to these indemnification provisions. 

We
believe that these provisions, the insurance and the indemnity agreements are necessary to attract and retain talented and experienced
officers and directors. 

65 

ITEM 11.
EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION. 

Unlike
many blank check companies, until the completion of our initial business combination or our liquidation, we expect to reimburse our Sponsor
or an affiliate of our Sponsor monthly for the compensation expenses related to three individuals dedicated to provide services to us
(including Mr. Chowdhery) in an amount not to exceed 900,000 per year, in the aggregate. We expect that Mr. Chowdhery, as our Chief
Financial Officer, will perform all the duties incident to the office of chief financial officer of a corporation, including administering
our financial arrangements and accounting policies, our internal control policies and our relationship with the financial community.
We also expect that Mr. Chowdhery (along with the other individuals dedicated to us) will have a significant role in helping identify
potential target businesses and performing due diligence with respect to such businesses. In addition to the reimbursement of our Sponsor
or any of its affiliates for the above expenses, commencing on the date that our securities are first listed on Nasdaq through the earlier
of consummation of our initial business combination and our liquidation, we will (a) reimburse an affiliate of our Sponsor for office
space and secretarial, administrative and other services provided to us in the amount of 10,000 per month; and (b) reimburse our Sponsor
or any of its affiliates for any out-of-pocket expenses (or an allocable portion thereof), to the extent that any of them incurs expenses
related to identifying, investigating, negotiating and completing an initial business combination (including any travel expenses). On
or prior to the closing of the initial business combination we will also reimburse our Sponsor or its affiliates for formation and other
pre-IPO expenses incurred on our behalf, not to exceed 900,000. Our executive officers and directors, or their respective affiliates,
will also be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential
target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis
all payments that were made by us to our Sponsor, executive officers or directors, or their affiliates. Any such payments prior to an
initial business combination will be made using funds held outside the Trust Account. Other than quarterly audit committee review of
such reimbursements, we do not expect to have any additional controls in place governing our reimbursement payments to our directors
and executive officers for their out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with our activities on our behalf in connection with identifying
and consummating an initial business combination. Other than these payments and reimbursements, no compensation of any kind, including
finder s and consulting fees, will be paid by the company to our Sponsor, executive officers and directors, or their respective
affiliates, prior to completion of our initial business combination. 

After
the completion of our initial business combination, directors or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting
or management fees from the combined company. All of these fees will be fully disclosed to shareholders, to the extent then known, in
the proxy solicitation materials or tender offer materials furnished to our shareholders in connection with a proposed business combination.
We have not established any limit on the amount of such fees that may be paid by the combined company to our directors or members of
management. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of the proposed business combination, because the
directors of the post-combination business will be responsible for determining executive officer and director compensation. Any compensation
to be paid to our executive officers will be determined, or recommended to the board of directors for determination, either by a compensation
committee constituted solely by independent directors or by a majority of the independent directors on our board of directors. 

We
do not intend to take any action to ensure that members of our management team maintain their positions with us after the consummation
of our initial business combination, although it is possible that some or all of our executive officers and directors may negotiate employment
or consulting arrangements to remain with us after our initial business combination. The existence or terms of any such employment or
consulting arrangements to retain their positions with us may influence our management s motivation in identifying or selecting
a target business but we do not believe that the ability of our management to remain with us after the consummation of our initial business
combination will be a determining factor in our decision to proceed with any potential business combination. We are not party to any
agreements with our executive officers and directors that provide for benefits upon termination of employment. 

66 

ITEM 12.
SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS. 

We
have no compensation plans under which equity securities are authorized for issuance. 

The
following table sets forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of our ordinary shares as of March 7, 2023, by: 

each
 person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our issued and outstanding
 ordinary shares; 

each
 of our executive officers and directors that beneficially owns ordinary shares; and 

all
 our executive officers and directors as a group. 

The
following table is based on 32,389,224 ordinary shares of outstanding at March 7, 2023, of which 25,911,379 were Class A shares
and 6,477,845 were Class B shares. Unless otherwise indicated, it is believed that all persons named in the table below have sole voting
and investment power with respect to all ordinary shares beneficially owned by them. The table below does not include the shares of Class
A ordinary shares underlying the Private Placement Warrants held by our Sponsor because these securities are not exercisable within 60
days of this Annual Report. 

Class
 B ordinary shares 
 Class
 A ordinary shares 

Name
 of Beneficial Owners (1) 
 Number
 of Shares Beneficially Owned 
 Approximate
 Percentage of Class (2) 
 Number
 of Shares Beneficially Owned 
 Approximate
 Percentage of Class 
 Approximate
 Percentage of Voting Control 
 
 Directors
 and Executive Officers 

Ajay
 Chowdhery 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Paul
 Desmarais III 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Adam
 Felesky 

- 
 - 

Steven
 Jay Freiberg 
 25,000 
 
 - 
 - 

Stuart
 Charles Harvey, Jr. 
 25,000 
 
 - 
 - 

G.
 Thompson Hutton 
 25,000 
 
 - 
 - 

Seraina
 Macia 
 25,000 
 
 - 
 - 

Jason
 Michael Pate 
 25,000 
 
 - 
 - 

All
 officers and directors as a group (eight individuals) (3) 

- 
 - 

Five
 Percent Holders 

PFTA
 I LP (our Sponsor) (4) 
 6,322,845 (4) 
 97.6 
 - 
 - 
 19.5 
 
 Triple8,
 LLC (5) 
 - 
 - 
 1,980,000 (5) 
 7.6 
 6.1 
 
 K2
 Principal Fund, L.P. (6) 
 - 
 - 
 599,999 (6) 
 2.3 
 1.9 
 
 Polar
 Asset Management Partners Inc. (7) 
 - 
 - 
 1,999,996 (7) 
 7.7 
 6.2 
 
 Cantor
 Fitzgerald Securities (8) 

1,868,399 (8) 
 7.2 
 5.8 
 
 Aristeia Capital, L.L.C. (9) 
 - 
 - 
 2,413,078 (9) 
 9.3 
 7.5 

Less
than one percent. 

(1) Unless
otherwise noted, the business address of each of our shareholders is 280 Park Avenue, 29F East, New York, NY 10017. 

(2) Interests
shown consist solely of Founder Shares, classified as Class B ordinary shares. Such shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary
shares at the time of our initial business combination or earlier at the option of the holders thereof. 

67 

(3) 
 Figure does not include an aggregate of 30,000 shares issued to our advisors. 

(4) 
 PFTA I LP, our Sponsor, is the record holder of such shares. Our Sponsor is controlled by its general partner, PFTA I GP, Inc. PFTA GP ). PFTA GP is managed by a board of directors, comprised of three members, Adam Felesky, Sacha Haque and Stephan Klee. Each director has one vote, and the approval of a majority is required to approve any action of PFTA GP, in its individual capacity or its capacity as the general partner of our Sponsor. Under the rule of three , if voting and dispositive decisions regarding an entity s securities are made by three or more individuals, and a voting or dispositive decision requires the approval of a majority of those individuals, then none of the individuals is deemed a beneficial owner of the entity s securities. This is the situation with regard to our Sponsor. Based upon the foregoing analysis, no individual director of PFTA GP exercises voting or dispositive control over any of the securities held by PFTA GP or our Sponsor, even those in which he or she holds a direct pecuniary interest. Accordingly, none of them will be deemed to have or share beneficial ownership of such shares. 

(5) Includes
Class A ordinary shares beneficially held by Triple8, LLC, a Kansas limited liability company Triple8 ), Eldridge Industries,
LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and the indirect controlling member of Triple8 Eldridge ), and Todd L. Boehly,
the indirect controlling member of Eldridge Mr. Boehly ), based solely on the Schedule 13G filed jointly by Triple8,
Eldridge and Mr. Boehly, with the SEC on July 30, 2021. The business address of Triple8 is One Security Benefit Place, Topeka, KS
66636 and the business address of each of Eldridge and Mr. Boehly is 600 Steamboat Road, Floor 2, Greenwich, CT 06830. 

(6) Includes
Class A ordinary shares beneficially held by Shawn Kimel Investments, Inc., an Ontario corporation SKI ), The K2 Principal
Fund, L.P., an Ontario limited partnership (the Fund ), K2 Genpar 2017 Inc., an Ontario corporation and the General Partner
to the Fund Genpar 2017 ), and K2 Associates Investment Management Inc., an Ontario corporation K2 
Associates ), based solely on the Schedule 13G/A filed jointly by SKI, the Fund, Genpar 2017, and K2 Associates, with
the SEC on December 2, 2021. The business address of each of SKI, the Fund, Genpar 2017, and K2 Associates is 2 Bloor St West,
Suite 801, Toronto, Ontario, M4W 3E2. 

(7) Includes
Class A ordinary shares beneficially held by Polar Asset Management Partners Inc., a company incorporated under the laws of Ontario,
Canada Polar ), which serves as the investment advisor to Polar Multi-Strategy Master Fund, a Cayman Islands exempted company PMSMF with respect to the Class A ordinary shares directly held by PMSMF, based solely on the Schedule 13G filed
by Polar, with the SEC on February 10, 2022. The business address of Polar is 16 York Street, Suite 2900, Toronto, ON, Canada M5J
0E6. 

(8) 
 Includes Class A ordinary shares beneficially held by Cantor Fitzgerald Securities, a general partnership formed in New York CFS ), Cantor Fitzgerald, L.P. is a Delaware limited partnership Cantor ), CF Group Management, Inc., a New York corporation CFGM ), and Howard W. Lutnick Mr. Lutnick ), based solely on the Schedule 13G/A filed by CFS with the SEC on February 14, 2023. CFGM is the managing general partner of Cantor and directly or indirectly controls the managing general partner of CFS. Mr. Lutnick is Chairman and Chief Executive of CFGM and trustee of CFGM s sole stockholder. Cantor, indirectly, holds a majority of the ownership interests of CFS. As such, each of Cantor, CFGM and Mr. Lutnick may be deemed to have beneficial ownership of the securities directly held by CFS. Each such entity or person disclaims any beneficial ownership of the reported shares other than to the extent of any pecuniary interest they may have therein, directly or indirectly. The business address of CFS, Cantor, CFGM and Mr. Lutnick is 110 East 59th Street, New York, New York 10022. 

(9) 
 Includes Class A ordinary shares beneficially held by Aristeia Capital, L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company Aristeia ), based solely on the Schedule 13G filed by Aristeia with the SEC on February 14, 2023. The business address of Aristeia is One Greenwich Plaza, 3rd Floor, Greenwich, CT 06830. 

68 

ITEM 13.
CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE. 

Founder
Shares 

On
March 22, 2021, our Sponsor paid an aggregate of 25,000 for certain expenses on our behalf in exchange for our issuance of 7,187,500
Founder Shares. On June 15, 2021, our Sponsor surrendered 1,437,500 Founder Shares to us for cancellation for no consideration.
On July 20, 2021, the Sponsor received an additional 1,150,000 Class B ordinary shares resulting in an aggregate of 6,900,000 Founder
Shares issued and outstanding. Up to 900,000 Founder Shares were subject to forfeiture by the Sponsor depending on the extent to which
the underwriters over-allotment option was exercised. On August 5, 2021, the underwriters partially exercised the over-allotment
option to purchase an additional 1,911,379 Units; thus, 422,155 Class B ordinary shares were forfeited. As of December 31, 2022,
the Company had 6,477,845 of Class B ordinary shares issued and outstanding. 

The
Initial Shareholders agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of their Founder Shares until the earliest of (a) one year after the
completion of our initial business combination and (b) subsequent to our initial business combination, (x) if the closing price of our
Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for share subdivisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations,
recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial
business combination or (y) the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction that results
in all of our public shareholders having the right to exchange their Class A ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. 

Private
Placement Warrants 

Simultaneously
with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Sponsor purchased an aggregate of 6,333,334 Private Placement Warrants at a price
of 1.50 per warrant (for consideration of 9,500,000 in the aggregate). On August 5, 2021, simultaneously with the issuance and
sale of the over-allotment units, the Company consummated the sale of an additional 254,850 Private Warrants at 1.50 per Private Placement
Warrant, generating additional gross proceeds of 382,275. 

Each
Private Placement Warrant is identical to the warrants offered in the Initial Public Offering, except there will be no redemption rights
or liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to Private Placement Warrants, which will expire worthless if we do
not consummate a Business Combination within the Combination Period. 

Related
Party Loans 

On
March 22, 2021, our Sponsor agreed to loan us an aggregate of up to 300,000 to cover expenses related to the Initial Public Offering
pursuant to a promissory note (the Note ). The Note is non-interest bearing, unsecured and due upon the earlier of (i) September 30,
2021 or (ii) the consummation of the Initial Public Offering. We borrowed approximately 202,000 under the Note. On August 31, 2021,
we repaid the Note in full. 

In
addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with a business combination, our Sponsor, an affiliate of the Sponsor,
or the Company s officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required (the Working Capital
Loans ). Such Working Capital Loans would be evidenced by promissory notes. The notes would either be repaid upon consummation
of a business combination, without interest, or, at the lender s discretion, up to 1,500,000 of notes may be converted upon consummation
of a business combination into warrants at a price of 1.50 per warrant. The warrants will be identical to the Private Placement Warrants.
In the event that a business combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of proceeds held outside the Trust Account to
repay the Working Capital Loans but no proceeds held in the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. 

69 

Registration
Rights Agreement 

In
connection with the consummation of the Initial Public Offering, we entered into a registration and shareholder rights agreement pursuant
to which our Sponsor will be entitled to certain registration rights with respect to the private placement warrants, the warrants issuable
upon conversion of working capital loans (if any) and the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the foregoing and upon conversion
of the Founder Shares, and, upon consummation of our initial business combination, to nominate three individuals for election to our
board of directors, as long as the sponsor holds any securities covered by the registration and shareholder rights agreement. 

Administrative
Services and Reimbursement Agreement 

Pursuant
to an administrative services and reimbursement agreement, on or prior to the closing of the initial business combination, we will reimburse
the Sponsor or its affiliates for formation and other pre-IPO expenses incurred on our behalf not to exceed 900,000. Further, commencing
on the date that our securities are first listed on Nasdaq and until completion of the Company s initial business combination or
liquidation, the Company will (a) reimburse the Sponsor or its affiliates up to an amount of 10,000 per month for office space and secretarial,
administrative and other services and (b) reimburse the Sponsor or its affiliates for any out-of-pocket expenses (or an allocable portion
thereof), to the extent that any of them incurs expenses related to identifying, investigating, negotiating and completing an initial
business combination (including any travel expenses). 

In
addition, commencing on the date that our securities are first listed on Nasdaq and until completion of the Company s initial business
combination or liquidation, the Company will be required to reimburse the Sponsor or its affiliates monthly for compensation expenses
of employees dedicated to the Company (including the Chief Financial Officer) not to exceed 900,000 per year. Under the agreement, the
Company is also required to indemnify the Sponsor and its affiliates for any claims made by the Company or a third party and resulting
liabilities in respect of any investment opportunities sourced by them and any liability arising with respect to their activities in
connection with the Company s affairs. Such indemnity provides that the indemnified parties cannot access the funds held in the
Trust Account. 

Policy
for Approval of Related Party Transactions 

The
audit committee of our board of directors has adopted a charter, providing for the review, approval and/or ratification of related
party transactions, which are those transactions required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K as promulgated
by the SEC, by the audit committee. At its meetings, the audit committee shall be provided with the details of each new, existing, or
proposed related party transaction, including the terms of the transaction, any contractual restrictions that the company has already
committed to, the business purpose of the transaction, and the benefits of the transaction to the company and to the relevant related
party. Any member of the committee who has an interest in the related party transaction under review by the committee shall abstain from
voting on the approval of the related party transaction, but may, if so requested by the chairman of the committee, participate in some
or all of the committee s discussions of the related party transaction. Upon completion of its review of the related party transaction,
the committee may determine to permit or to prohibit the related party transaction. 

70 

ITEM 14.
PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES. 

The
following is a summary of fees paid or to be paid to Marcum LLP, or Marcum, for services rendered. 

Audit
Fees . Audit fees consist of fees billed for professional services rendered for the audit of our year-end financial statements, review
of our quarterly financial statements and services that are normally provided by Marcum in connection with regulatory filings. The aggregate
fees billed by Marcum for professional services rendered for the audit of our annual financial statements, review of the financial information
included in our Forms 10-Q for the respective periods and other required filings with the SEC for the year ended December 31, 2022
and for the period from March 17, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, including services rendered in connection with
our initial public offering, totaled approximately 77,250 and 148,000 respectively. The above amounts include interim procedures and
audit fees, as well as attendance at audit committee meetings. 

Audit-Related
Fees. Audit-related services consist of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to performance
of the audit or review of our financial statements and are not reported under Audit Fees. These services include attest
services that are not required by statute or regulation and consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards. We
did not pay Marcum for consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards for the year ended December 31, 2022
and for the period from March 17, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021. 

Tax
Fees . We did not pay Marcum for tax planning and tax advice for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from March 17,
2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021. 

All
Other Fees . We did not pay Marcum for other services for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from March 17,
2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021. 

Pre-Approval
Policy 

Our
audit committee was formed upon the consummation of our Initial Public Offering. As a result, the audit committee did not pre-approve
all of the foregoing services, although any services rendered prior to the formation of our audit committee were approved by our board
of directors. Since the formation of our audit committee, and on a going-forward basis, the audit committee has and will pre-approve
all auditing services and permitted non-audit services to be performed for us by our auditors, including the fees and terms thereof (subject
to the de minimis exceptions for non-audit services described in the Exchange Act which are approved by the audit committee prior to
the completion of the audit). 

71 

PART
IV 

ITEM 15.
EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES. 

(a) The
following documents are filed as part of this report: 

(1) 
 Financial Statements 

Page 
 
 Report
 of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 F-2 
 
 Balance
 Sheets 
 
 F-3 
 
 Statements
 of Operations 
 
 F-4 
 
 Statements
 of Changes in Shareholders Deficit 
 
 F-5 
 
 Statements
 of Cash Flows 
 
 F-6 
 
 Notes
 to Financial Statements 
 
 F-7 

(2) 
 Financial Statement Schedule 

None. 

(3) 
 Exhibits 

We
hereby file as part of this Report the exhibits listed in the attached Exhibit Index. Exhibits which are incorporated herein by reference
can be inspected and copied at the public reference facilities maintained by the SEC, 100 F Street, N.E., Room 1580, Washington, D.C.
20549. Copies of such material can also be obtained from the Public Reference Section of the SEC, 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C.
20549, at prescribed rates or on the SEC website at www.sec.gov. 

72 

Exhibit
 
Number 
 
 Description 
 
 3.1 
 
 Amended
 and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, dated July 20, 2021, of the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40639, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
 on July 23, 2021). 
 
 4.1 
 
 Specimen
 Unit Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-257185),
 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 21, 2021). 
 
 4.2 
 
 Specimen
 Class A Ordinary Share Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form
 S-1 (File No. 333-257185), filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 21, 2021). 
 
 4.3 
 
 Specimen
 Warrant Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No.
 333-257185), filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 21, 2021). 
 
 4.4 
 
 Warrant
 Agreement, dated July 20, 2021, by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent
 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40639, filed with
 the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 23, 2021). 
 
 4.5 
 
 Description of Registrant s Securities. 

10.1 
 
 Letter
 Agreement, dated July 20, 2021, among the Company, the Sponsor and the Company s officers and directors (incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40639, filed with the Securities
 and Exchange Commission on July 23, 2021). 
 
 10.2 
 
 Promissory
 Note, dated as of March 22, 2021, between the Company and the Sponsor (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company s
 Registration Statement on Form S-1, as amended (File No. 333-257185), filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 21,
 2021). 
 
 10.3 
 
 Registration
 and Shareholder Rights Agreement, dated July 20, 2021, among the Company, the Sponsor and certain other equityholders named
 therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40639, filed
 with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 23, 2021). 
 
 10.4 
 
 Private
 Placement Warrants Purchase Agreement, dated July 20, 2021, between the Company and the Sponsor (incorporated by reference to
 Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40639, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
 on July 23, 2021). 
 
 10.5 
 
 Administrative
 Services Agreement, dated July 20, 2021, between the Company and the Sponsor (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the
 Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40639, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 23,
 2021). 
 
 10.6 
 
 Securities
 Subscription Agreement, dated March 22, 2021, between the Company and the Sponsor (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7
 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-257185), filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
 on June 21, 2021). 
 
 10.7 
 
 Form
 of Indemnification Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1,
 as amended (File No. 333-257185), filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 21, 2021). 
 
 10.8 
 
 Investment
 Management Trust Account Agreement, dated July 20, 2021, between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company,
 as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40639,
 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 23, 2021). 
 
 10.9 
 
 Underwriting
 Agreement, dated as of July 20, 2021, by and between the Company, Goldman Sachs Co. LLC and BTIG, LLC, as representatives
 of the several underwriters named therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K
 (File No. 001-40639, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 23, 2021). 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a). 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a). 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer required by Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. 1350. 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer required by Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. 1350. 

73 

101.INS 
 
 iXBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 iXBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Schema 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 iXBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Calculation Linkbase 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 iXBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Definition Linkbase 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 iXBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Label Linkbase 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 iXBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Presentation Linkbase 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive
 Data File (embedded within the iXBRL document and contained in Exhibit 101) 

Filed
herewith 

Furnished
herewith 

74 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report
to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

March
13, 2023 

PORTAGE FINTECH ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

By: 
 /s/
 Adam Felesky 

Name: 
 Adam Felesky 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

By: 
 /s/
 Ajay Chowdhery 

Name: 
 Ajay Chowdhery 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer, Chief Operating Officer and
 Director 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons in the capacities
and on the dates indicated below. 

Name 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Adam Felesky 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 
 March 13 2023 
 
 Adam Felesky 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Ajay Chowdhery 
 
 Chief Financial Officer, Chief Operating Officer and Director 
 
 March 13, 2023 
 
 Ajay Chowdhery 
 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

/s/ Paul Desmarais III 
 
 Director 
 
 March 13, 2023 
 
 Paul Desmarais III 

/s/ Steven Jay Freiberg 
 
 Director 
 
 March 13, 2023 
 
 Steven Jay Freiberg 

/s/ Stuart Charles Harvey, Jr. 
 
 Director 
 
 March 13, 2023 
 
 Stuart Charles Harvey, Jr. 

/s/ G. Thompson Hutton 
 
 Director 
 
 March 13, 2023 
 
 G. Thompson Hutton 

/s/ Seraina Macia 
 
 Director 
 
 March 13, 2023 
 
 Seraina Macia 

/s/ Jason Michael Pate 
 
 Director 
 
 March 13, 2023 
 
 Jason Michael Pate 

75 

PORTAGE
FINTECH ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

 INDEX
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page
 No. 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB No. 688) 
 
 F-2 
 
 Financial Statements: 

Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 
 F-3 
 
 Statements of Operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 and the period from March 17, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 
 
 F-4 
 
 Statements of Changes in Shareholders Deficit for the year ended December 31, 2022 and the period from March 17, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 
 
 F-5 
 
 Statements of Cash Flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and the period from March 17, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 
 
 F-6 
 
 Notes to Financial Statements 
 
 F-7 

F- 1 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Shareholders and Board of Directors of 

 Portage
Fintech Acquisition Corporation 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Portage Fintech Acquisition Corporation (the Company as of December 31,
2022 and 2021, the related statements of operations, changes in shareholders deficit and cash flows for the year ended December 31,
2022 and for the period from March 17, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred
to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the
financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the
year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from March 17, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, in conformity
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Explanatory Paragraph Going Concern 

The accompanying financial statements have been
prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As more fully described in Note 1, the Company has until July 23,
2023 to complete a Business Combination or the Company will cease all operations except for the purpose of liquidating. Additionally,
the Company has a significant working capital deficiency, has incurred significant losses and may need to raise additional funds to meet
its obligations and sustain its operations. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going
concern. Management's plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments
that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) (the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S.
federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit,
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or
fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides
a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/

Marcum
LLP 

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2021. 

March 13, 2023 

 PCAOB
ID # 

F- 2 

PORTAGE
FINTECH ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

 BALANCE
SHEETS 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

Current assets 

Cash 

Prepaid expenses 

Total Current Assets 

Non-current prepaid expenses 
 - 

Investments held in Trust Account 

Total Assets 

LIABILITIES, CLASS A ORDINARY SHARES SUBJECT TO POSSIBLE REDEMPTION AND SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Current liabilities 

Accrued expenses 

Total Current Liabilities 

Warrant liabilities 

Deferred underwriting fee payable 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies 

Class A ordinary shares; shares at redemption value 

Shareholders Deficit 

Preference shares, par value; shares authorized; issued or outstanding 
 - 
 - 
 
 Class A ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized; shares issued or outstanding (excluding 25,911,379 shares subject to possible redemption) 
 - 
 - 
 
 Class B ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding 

Additional paid-in capital 
 
 - 
 
 Accumulated deficit 

Total Shareholders Deficit 

Total Liabilities, Class A Ordinary Shares Subject to Possible Redemption and Shareholders Deficit 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. 

F- 3 

PORTAGE
FINTECH ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

 STATEMENTS
OF OPERATIONS 

For
the 
 Year Ended 
 December 31, 
 2022 
 For the 
 Period from 
 March 17, 2021 
(Inception) through 
December 31, 
 2021 
 
 Operating expenses: 

General and administrative expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other income: 

Change in fair value of warrant liabilities 

Reduction of deferred underwriter fees 
 
 - 
 
 Unrealized loss on investments held in Trust Account 
 - 

Investment income earned on Trust Account 

Total other income, net 

Net income 

Weighted average Class A ordinary shares outstanding, basic and diluted 

Basic and diluted net income per ordinary share, Class A 

Weighted average Class B ordinary shares outstanding, basic and diluted 

Basic and diluted net income per ordinary share, Class B 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. 

F- 4 

PORTAGE
FINTECH ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

 STATEMENTS
OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Class
A Ordinary
Shares 
 Class
B Ordinary
Shares 
 Additional Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Total Shareholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance March 17, 2021 (inception) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Issuance of Class B ordinary shares to Sponsor 
 - 
 - 

- 

Excess of cash received over fair value of Private Placement Warrants 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Forfeiture of Founder Shares 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Remeasurement of Class A ordinary shares to redemption value 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Net income 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance December 31, 2021 
 - 
 - 

- 

Reduction of deferred underwriter fees 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Remeasurement of Class A ordinary shares to redemption value 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Net income 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance December 31, 2022 
 - 
 - 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. 

F- 5 

PORTAGE
FINTECH ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

 STATEMENTS
OF CASH FLOWS 

For the 
 Year Ended 
 December 31, 
 2022 
 For the 
 Period from 
 March 17, 2021 
 (Inception) through December 31, 
 2021 
 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 

Net income 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash used in operating activities: 

Investment income earned on Trust Account 

Reduction of deferred underwriter fee payable 
 
 - 
 
 Unrealized gain on investments held in Trust Account 
 - 

Change in fair value of warrant liabilities 

Expenses paid by Sponsor through promissory note and advances 
 - 

Transaction costs allocated to warrant liabilities 
 - 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 
 - 
 - 
 
 Prepaid expenses 

Accrued expenses 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities: 

Investment of cash in Trust Account 
 - 

Net cash used in investing activities 
 - 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 

Proceeds from sale of Units, net of underwriting discounts paid 
 - 

Proceeds from sale of Private Placement Warrants 
 - 

Repayment of advances from related party 
 - 

Repayment of promissory note Sponsor 
 - 

Offering costs paid 
 - 

Net cash provided by financing activities 
 - 

Net Change in Cash 

Cash Beginning 
 
 - 
 
 Cash Ending 

Non-Cash Investing and Financing Activities: 

Offering costs paid by Sponsor in exchange for issuance of Class B ordinary shares 
 - 

Offering costs included in promissory note Sponsor 
 - 

Offering costs included in due to Sponsor 
 - 

Deferred underwriting commissions 
 - 

Remeasurement of Class A ordinary shares to redemption value 
 
 - 
 
 Reduction
 of deferred underwriter fees 
 
 - 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. 

F- 6 

PORTAGE
FINTECH ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

 NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 

units (the Units and, with
respect to the Class A ordinary shares included in the Units being offered, the Public Shares ), at per Unit, generating
gross proceeds of million. 

The
Company incurred offering costs in the Initial Public Offering totaling , consisting of of underwriting fees, 
of deferred underwriting fees, and of other offering costs (see Note 2). 

Simultaneously
with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Company consummated the private placement Private Placement of 
warrants (each, a Private Placement Warrant and collectively, the Private Placement Warrants ), at a price
of per Private Placement Warrant with the Sponsor, generating gross proceeds of (see Note 4 and Note 8). 

Upon
the closing of the Initial Public Offering and the Private Placement, an amount of million per Unit) from the net proceeds
of the Initial Public Offering and certain of the proceeds of the Private Placement were placed in a trust account Trust Account with Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company acting as trustee and invested in United States government securities 
within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act having a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the
Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations, as determined by the Company, until the earlier
of: (i) the completion of a Business Combination and (ii) the distribution of the Trust Account as described below. 

On
August 3, 2021, the underwriters notified the Company of their intention to partially exercise the over-allotment option on August 5,
2021 (the Over-Allotment ). As such, on August 5, 2021, the Company consummated the sale of an additional 
Units (the Over-Allotment Units ), at per Unit, and the sale of an additional Private Placement Warrants,
at per Private Placement Warrant, generating total gross proceeds of and , respectively. The underwriters forfeited
the balance of the over-allotment option. A total of of the net proceeds was deposited into the Trust Account, bringing the
aggregate proceeds held in the Trust Account to (see Note 2). The Company incurred additional offering costs of 
in connection with the Over-Allotment (of which was for deferred underwriting fees). 

The
Company s management has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering
and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants, although substantially all of the net proceeds, which are placed in the Trust Account,
are intended to be applied generally toward consummating a Business Combination. The Company s initial Business Combination must
be with one or more target businesses that together have a fair market value equal to at least of the balance held in the Trust Account
(less any deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on interest earned on the Trust Account) at the time the Company signs
a definitive agreement in connection with the initial Business Combination. However, the Company will only complete a Business Combination
if the post-Business Combination company owns or acquires or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise
acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment
Company Act. 

The
Company will provide its holders of the outstanding Public Shares (the Public Shareholders with the opportunity to redeem
all or a portion of their Public Shares upon the completion of a Business Combination either (i) in connection with a shareholder meeting
called to approve the Business Combination pursuant to the proxy solicitation rules of the SEC or (ii) by means of a tender offer. In
connection with a proposed Business Combination, the Company will be required to seek shareholder approval of a Business Combination
at a meeting called for such purpose at which shareholders may seek to redeem their shares, regardless of whether they vote for or against
a Business Combination. The Company will proceed with a Business Combination only if the Company has net tangible assets of at least
 either immediately prior to or upon such consummation of a Business Combination and a majority of the outstanding shares voted
are voted in favor of the Business Combination. 

Notwithstanding
the foregoing, the Company s amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (the Articles provide that,
a Public Shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert
or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange
Act )), will be restricted from seeking redemption rights with respect to 15 or more of the Public Shares without the Company s
prior written consent. 

The
Public Shareholders will be entitled to redeem their shares for a pro rata portion of the amount then in the Trust Account (initially
 10.00 per share, plus any pro rata interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company
to pay its tax obligations). The per-share amount to be distributed to shareholders who redeem their shares will not be reduced by the
deferred underwriting commissions the Company will pay to the underwriters. There will be no redemption rights upon the completion of
a Business Combination with respect to the Company s warrants. These Public Shares are recorded at a redemption value and classified
as temporary equity upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering, in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 480 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity. 

If
the Company is not required to conduct redemptions pursuant to the proxy solicitation rules as described above, the Company will, pursuant
to its Articles, offer such redemption pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC, and file tender offer documents containing substantially
the same information as would be included in a proxy statement with the SEC prior to completing a Business Combination. 

The
Company s Sponsor, officers, directors and advisors have agreed (a) to vote their Founder Shares (as defined in Note 5) and any
Public Shares purchased during or after the Initial Public Offering in favor of a Business Combination, (b) not to redeem any shares
(including the Founder Shares) into the right to receive cash from the Trust Account in connection with a shareholder vote to approve
a Business Combination or a vote to amend the provisions of the Articles relating to shareholders rights of pre-Business Combination
activity and (c) that the Founder Shares shall not participate in any liquidating distributions upon winding up if a Business Combination
is not consummated. However, the Sponsor and the Company s officers, directors and advisors will be entitled to liquidating distributions
from the Trust Account with respect to any Public Shares purchased during or after the Initial Public Offering if the Company fails to
complete its Business Combination. 

If
the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination within 24 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering, or July 23,
2023 (the Combination Period ), the Company will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as
promptly as reasonably possible but no more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable
in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust
Account and not previously released to the Company to pay taxes (less up to of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided
by the number of then outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish Public Shareholders rights as shareholders
(including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably
possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the remaining shareholders and the Company s board of directors,
proceed to commence a voluntary liquidation and thereby a formal dissolution of the Company, subject in each case to its obligations
under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of applicable law. The underwriters have agreed to waive their
rights to the deferred underwriting commission held in the Trust Account in the event the Company does not complete a Business Combination
within the Combination Period and, in such event, such amounts will be included with the funds held in the Trust Account that will be
available to fund the redemption of the Public Shares. In the event of such distribution, it is possible that the per share value of
the assets remaining available for distribution will be less than the Initial Public Offering price per Unit 10.00. 

The
Sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to the Company if and to the extent any claims by a third party for services rendered or products
sold to the Company, or a prospective target business with which the Company has discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce
the amount of funds in the Trust Account to below the lesser of (i) 10.00 per Public Share and (ii) the actual amount per Public Share
held in the Trust Account as of the date of liquidation of the Trust Account, if less than 10.00 per share due to reductions in the
value of the trust assets, less taxes payable, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third party or prospective
target business who executed a waiver of any and all rights to monies held in the Trust Account (whether or not such waiver is enforceable)
nor will it apply to any claims under the Company s indemnity of the underwriters of the Initial Public Offering against certain
liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). However, the Company
has not asked the Sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor has the Company independently verified whether the Sponsor
has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and believe that the Sponsor s only assets are securities of the Company.
Therefore, the Company cannot assure its shareholders that the Sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. None of the Company s
officers or directors will indemnify the Company for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective
target businesses. The Company will seek to reduce the possibility that the Sponsor will have to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims
of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses or other entities with which the Company
does business, execute agreements with the Company waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the
Trust Account. 

Going
Concern, Liquidity and Management s Plans 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company had approximately in its operating bank account and working capital deficit of approximately
 . 

The
Company has principally financed its operations from inception using proceeds from the sale of its equity securities to its shareholders
prior to the Initial Public Offering and such amount of proceeds from the Private Placement that were placed in an account outside of
the Trust Account for working capital purposes. Until the consummation of a Business Combination, the Company will be using the funds
not held in the Trust Account for identifying and evaluating prospective acquisition candidates, performing due diligence on prospective
target businesses, paying for travel expenditures, selecting the target business to acquire, and structuring, negotiating and consummating
the Business Combination. 

The
Company may need to raise additional capital through loans or additional investments from its Sponsor, shareholders, officers, directors,
or third parties. The Company s officers, directors and Sponsor may, but are not obligated to (other than as described above),
loan the Company funds, from time to time or at any time, in whatever amount they deem reasonable in their sole discretion, to meet the
Company s working capital needs. Accordingly, the Company may not be able to obtain additional financing. If the Company is unable
to raise additional capital, it may be required to take additional measures to conserve liquidity, which could include, but not necessarily
be limited to, curtailing operations, suspending the pursuit of a potential transaction, and reducing overhead expenses. The Company
cannot provide any assurance that new financing will be available to it on commercially acceptable terms, if at all. 

In
connection with the Company s assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with Financial Accounting Standard Board s FASB ASC Subtopic 205-40, Presentation of Financial Statements - Going Concern, the Company has until July 23,
2023 to consummate a Business Combination. It is uncertain whether the Company will be able to consummate a Business Combination by this
time. If a Business Combination is not consummated by this date, there will be a mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution of
the Company. Management has determined that the liquidity conditions and mandatory liquidation, should a Business Combination not occur,
raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern through approximately one year from the date
these financial statements were issued. Management intends to consummate a Business Combination prior to July 23, 2023. These financial
statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recovery of the recorded assets or the classification of the liabilities that
might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 

Risks
and Uncertainties 

Management
continues to evaluate the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the industry and has concluded that while it is reasonably possible that
the virus could have a negative effect on the Company s financial position, results of its operations and/or search for a target
company, the specific impact is not readily determinable as of the date of these financial statements. These financial statements do
not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Various
social and political circumstances in the U.S. and around the world (including wars and other forms of conflict, including rising trade
tensions between the United States and China, and other uncertainties regarding actual and potential shifts in the U.S. and foreign,
trade, economic and other policies with other countries, terrorist acts, security operations and catastrophic events such as fires, floods,
earthquakes, tornadoes, hurricanes and global health epidemics), may also contribute to increased market volatility and economic uncertainties
or deterioration in the U.S. and worldwide. Specifically, the rising conflict between Russia and Ukraine, and resulting market volatility
could adversely affect the Company s ability to complete a Business Combination. In response to the conflict between Russia and
Ukraine, the U.S. and other countries have imposed sanctions or other restrictive actions against Russia. Any of the above factors, including
sanctions, export controls, tariffs, trade wars and other governmental actions, could have a material adverse effect on the Company s
ability to complete a Business Combination and the value of the Company s securities. 

and of cash
as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

and 
 held in marketable securities, respectively.
The Company has not withdrawn any amount from the Trust Account. 

is not included in the redemption value of the Class A ordinary shares subject
to redemption since it is only taken into account in the event of the Company s liquidation. Immediately upon the closing of the
Initial Public Offering, the Company recognized the remeasurement adjustment from carrying value to redemption value. Increases or decreases
in the carrying amount of redeemable ordinary shares are affected by charges against additional paid-in capital (to the extent available)
and accumulated deficit. 

At
December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Class A ordinary shares subject to redemption reflected in the balance sheets are reconciled in
the following table: 

Less: 

Proceeds
 allocated to Public Warrants 

Class
 A Ordinary Shares issuance costs 

Add: 

Remeasurement
 of carrying value to redemption value 

Class
 A Ordinary Shares subject to possible redemption at December 31, 2021 

Add: 

Remeasurement
 of carrying value to redemption value 

Class
 A Ordinary Shares subject to possible redemption at December 31, 2022 

unrecognized tax benefits and amounts accrued for interest and penalties
as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Company is currently not aware of any issues under review that could result in significant
payments, accruals or material deviation from its position. 

There
is currently no taxation imposed on income by the Government of the Cayman Islands. In accordance with Cayman income tax regulations,
income taxes are not levied on the Company. Consequently, income taxes are not reflected in the Company s financial statements.
The Company s management does not expect that the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits will materially change over the next
twelve months. In accordance with federal income tax regulations, income taxes are not
levied on the Company, but rather on the individual owners. United States U.S. taxation would occur on the individual
owners if certain tax elections are made by U.S. owners and the Company were treated as a passive foreign investment company. Additionally,
U.S. taxation could occur to the Company itself if the Company is engaged in a U.S. trade or business. The Company is not expected to
be treated as engaged in a U.S. trade or business at this time. 

of the Company s Class A ordinary shares since the exercise of the
warrants is contingent upon the occurrence of future events and the inclusion of such warrants would be anti-dilutive. 

The
following table reflects the calculation of basic and diluted net income per ordinary share: 

Denominator: 

Basic
 and diluted weighted average shares outstanding 

Basic
 and diluted net income per ordinary share 

. The Company has not experienced losses
on this account and management believes the Company is not exposed to significant risks on such account. 

were charged to shareholders 
deficit upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering and were expensed as of the date of the Initial Public Offering. 

Units at per Unit, generating gross proceeds of , and incurring offering
costs totaling , consisting of of underwriting fees, of deferred underwriting fees and of
other offering costs. On August 5, 2021, the Company completed the sale of additional Over-Allotment Units to the underwriters,
generating gross proceeds of , and incurring offering costs totaling , consisting of of underwriting fees
and of deferred underwriting fees (see Note 6). 

Each
Unit consists of one of the Company s Class A ordinary shares, par value per share, and one-third of one redeemable warrant Public Warrant ). Each whole Public Warrant entitles the holder to purchase one Class A ordinary shares at an exercise
price of per whole share (see Note 8). 

Private Placement Warrants at a price
of per warrant (for consideration of in the aggregate). On August 5, 2021, simultaneously with the issuance and
sale of the Over-Allotment Units, the Company consummated the sale of an additional Private Placement Warrants at per Private
Placement Warrant, generating additional gross proceeds of . 

Each
Private Placement Warrant is identical to the warrants offered in the Initial Public Offering, except there will be no redemption rights
or liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to Private Placement Warrants, which will expire worthless if we do
not consummate a Business Combination within the Combination Period. 

, or approximately per share, to cover certain offering costs in consideration for
 Class B ordinary shares, par value (the Founder Shares ). On April 30, 2021, the Sponsor transferred
an aggregate of Founder Shares to five independent directors (each received Founder Shares). On April 30, 2021, the
Sponsor transferred an aggregate of Founder Shares to three advisors (each received 10,000 Founder Shares). On June 15, 2021,
the Sponsor surrendered an aggregate of Class B ordinary shares for no consideration, which were cancelled, resulting in an
aggregate of Class B ordinary shares issued and outstanding. On July 20, 2021, the Sponsor received an additional 
Class B ordinary shares resulting in an aggregate of Class B ordinary shares issued and outstanding. Up to 900,000 Founder
Shares were subject to forfeiture by the Sponsor depending on the extent to which the underwriters over-allotment option was exercised.
On August 5, 2021, the underwriters partially exercised the over-allotment option to purchase an additional Units; thus,
 Class B ordinary shares were forfeited. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had of Class B ordinary
shares issued and outstanding. 

The
Sponsor has agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of its Founder Shares until the earlier to occur of: (A) one year after the completion
of a Business Combination or (B) following the completion of an initial Business Combination, the date on which the Company completes
a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange or similar transaction that results in the Company s shareholders having the right
to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the last sale price of the
Company s Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for share splits, share dividends, reorganizations,
recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after the Business
Combination, the Founder Shares will be released from the lock-up. 

The
sale or transfers of the Founders Shares to independent directors and advisors, as described above, is within the scope of FASB ASC Topic
718, Compensation-Stock Compensation ASC 718 ). Under ASC 718, stock-based compensation associated with equity-classified
awards is measured at fair value upon the grant date. The Founders Shares were effectively sold or transferred subject to a performance
condition (i.e., the occurrence of a Business Combination). Compensation expense related to the Founders Shares is recognized only when
the performance condition is probable of occurrence under the applicable accounting literature in this circumstance. A Business Combination
is not probable until it is completed. Stock-based compensation would be recognized at the date a Business Combination is considered
probable in an amount equal to the number of Founders Shares times the grant date fair value per share (unless subsequently modified)
less the amount initially received for the purchase of the Founders Shares. The fair value at the grant date is deemed to be deminis.
As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company determined that a Business Combination is not considered probable until the Business
Combination is completed, and therefore, no stock-based compensation expense has been recognized. 

Promissory
Note Related Party 

On
March 22, 2021, the Sponsor agreed to loan the Company an aggregate of up to to cover expenses related to the Initial Public
Offering pursuant to a promissory note (the Note ). The Note is non-interest bearing and is payable on the earlier of (i)
September 30, 2021 or (ii) the consummation of the Initial Public Offering. The Company borrowed approximately under the
Note. The Company fully repaid this balance on August 31, 2021. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were amounts outstanding
on the Note. 

Related
Party Loans 

In
order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Company s Sponsor, an affiliate of the Sponsor,
or the Company s officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required (the Working
Capital Loans ). Such Working Capital Loans would be evidenced by promissory notes. 

Administrative
Services and Reimbursement Agreement 

Pursuant
to an administrative services and reimbursement agreement, on or prior to the closing of the Business Combination, the Company will reimburse
the Sponsor or its affiliates for formation and other pre-Initial Public Offering expenses incurred on the Company s behalf not
to exceed 900,000. Further, commencing on July 21, 2021 and until completion of the Company s initial Business Combination
or liquidation, the Company will (a) reimburse the Sponsor or its affiliates up to an amount of per month for office space and
secretarial, administrative and other services and (b) reimburse the Sponsor or its affiliates for any out-of-pocket expenses (or an
allocable portion thereof), to the extent that any of them incurs expenses related to identifying, investigating, negotiating and completing
an initial Business Combination (including any travel expenses). In addition, commencing on July 21, 2021 and until completion of
the Company s initial Business Combination or liquidation, the Company will be required to reimburse the Sponsor or its affiliates
monthly for compensation expenses of employees dedicated to the Company (including the Chief Financial Officer) not to exceed 900,000
per year. Under the agreement, the Company is also required to indemnify the Sponsor and its affiliates for any claims made by the Company
or a third party and resulting liabilities in respect of any investment opportunities sourced by them and any liability arising with
respect to their activities in connection with the Company s affairs. Such indemnity provides that the indemnified parties cannot
access the funds held in the Trust Account. The Company recognized approximately in connection with such services for the year
ended December 31, 2022, which is included in general and administrative expenses in the accompanying statements of operations.
The Company recognized approximately in connection with such services for the period from March 17, 2021 (inception) through
December 31, 2021 in general and administrative expenses in the accompanying statement of operations. The Company owes the Sponsor
approximately and for the period ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, for reimbursement of out-of-pocket
expenses which is included in accrued expenses on the balance sheets. 

The
Sponsor has paid expenses on behalf of the Company prior to the Company s Initial Public Offering in an amount of approximately
 , for which approximately was related to offering costs. The Company repaid the amount to the Sponsor on August 31,
2021. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were amounts outstanding due to the Sponsor for offering costs. 

additional Units to cover over-allotments at the Initial
Public Offering price, less the underwriting discounts and commissions. On August 5, 2021, the underwriters partially exercised
the over-allotment option to purchase an additional Units and forfeited the option to exercise the remaining Units. 

The
underwriters were paid a cash underwriting discount of of the gross proceeds of the Initial Public Offering, or . In
addition, the underwriters are entitled to a deferred fee of three and half percent of the gross proceeds of the Initial Public
Offering, or . 

On
August 15, 2022, one of the underwriters waived its entitlement to the payment of any deferred fee to be paid under the terms of
the underwriting agreement and is no longer serving in an advisor capacity. As a result, the Company recognized of income and
 was recorded to additional paid-in capital in relation to the reduction of the deferred underwriter fee in the accompanying
financial statements. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the deferred underwriting fee payable was and , respectively.
The deferred fee will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that the Company
completes a Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. 

Contingent Fee Arrangements 

The Company entered into an agreement, dated as of
August 18, 2022, with a financial advisor to assist the Company in introducing and facilitating a Business Combination with one or more
targets, subject to certain conditions. In the event a Business Combination is consummated with an introduced target, the 

The Company entered into an agreement, dated as of October 8, 2022, with
a financial advisor to assist the Company in facilitating a Business Combination with a specific target, subject to certain conditions.
The financial advisor will receive a transaction fee of subject to, and payable upon, the Company s successful consummation
of a Business Combination with the specific target. Additionally, the Company will reimburse the financial advisor for any out-of-pocket
expenses, subject to certain conditions. 

preference shares of par value per share. At December 31,
2022 and 2021, there were preference shares issued or outstanding. 

Class
A Ordinary Shares The Company is authorized to issue up to Class A ordinary shares, par value per
share. Holders of the Company s Class A ordinary shares are entitled to one vote for each share. At December 31, 2022 and
2021, there were no Class A ordinary shares issued or outstanding (excluding shares subject to possible redemption). 

Class
B Ordinary Shares The Company is authorized to issue up to Class B ordinary shares, par value per
share. Holders of the Company s Class B ordinary shares are entitled to one vote for each share. On March 22, 2021, the Sponsor
paid in consideration of Class B ordinary shares. On June 15, 2021, the Sponsor surrendered an aggregate of 
Class B ordinary shares for no consideration, which were cancelled, resulting in an aggregate of Class B ordinary shares issued
and outstanding. On July 20, 2021, the Sponsor received an additional Class B ordinary shares resulting in an aggregate
of Class B ordinary shares issued and outstanding. Up to 900,000 Founder Shares were subject to forfeiture by the Sponsor depending
on the extent to which the underwriters over-allotment option was exercised. On August 5, 2021, the underwriters partially
exercised the over-allotment option to purchase an additional Units. As a result, Class B ordinary shares were forfeited.
As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had of Class B ordinary shares issued and outstanding. 

The
Class B ordinary shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares at the time of the Business Combination on a one-for-one
basis, subject to adjustment for share splits, share dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like. In the case that additional
Class A ordinary shares, or equity linked securities, are issued or deemed issued in excess of the amounts offered in the Initial Public
Offering and related to the closing of a Business Combination, the ratio at which Class B ordinary shares shall convert into Class A
ordinary shares will be adjusted (unless the holders of a majority of the outstanding Class B ordinary shares agree to waive such adjustment
with respect to any such issuance or deemed issuance) so that the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of all Class
B ordinary shares will equal, in the aggregate, on an as converted basis, 20 of the sum of the total number of all ordinary shares outstanding
upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering plus all Class A ordinary shares and equity linked securities issued or deemed issued
in connection with a Business Combination (excluding any shares or equity linked securities issued, or to be issued, to any seller in
a Business Combination, and any private placement-equivalent warrants issued to the Sponsor or its affiliates upon conversion of loans
made to the Company). Holders of Founder Shares may also elect to convert their Class B ordinary shares into an equal number of Class
A ordinary shares, subject to adjustment as provided above, at any time. 

The
Company may issue additional ordinary shares or preference shares to complete its Business Combination or under an employee incentive
plan after completion of its Business Combination. 

warrants issued in connection with the Initial Public Offering Public Warrants and 
Private Placement Warrants) in accordance with the guidance contained in ASC 815-40. Such guidance provides that because the warrants
do not meet the criteria for equity treatment thereunder, each warrant must be recorded as a liability. Accordingly, the Company has
classified each warrant as a liability at its fair value. This liability is subject to re-measurement at each balance sheet date. With
each such re-measurement, the warrant liability will be adjusted to fair value, with the change in fair value recognized in the Company s
statements of operations. 

Public
Warrants may only be exercised for a whole number of shares. No fractional shares will be issued upon exercise of the Public Warrants.
The Public Warrants will become exercisable 30 days after the consummation of a Business Combination. The Public Warrants will expire
five years from the consummation of a Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation 

The
Company will not be obligated to deliver any Class A ordinary shares pursuant to the exercise of a Public Warrant and will have no obligation
to settle such Public Warrant exercise unless a registration statement under the Securities Act covering the issuance of the Class A
ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants is then effective and a prospectus relating thereto is current, subject
to the Company satisfying its obligations with respect to registration. No Public Warrant will be exercisable for cash or on a cashless
basis, and the Company will not be obligated to issue any shares to holders seeking to exercise their Public Warrants, unless the issuance
of the shares upon such exercise is registered or qualified under the securities laws of the state of the exercising holder, or an exemption
from registration is available. 

The
Company has agreed that as soon as practicable, but in no event later than 20 business days, after the closing of a Business Combination,
it will use its commercially reasonable efforts to file with the SEC a post-effective amendment to the registration statement for the
Initial Public Offering or a new registration statement covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants.
The Company will use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause the same to become effective within 60 business days after the closing
of a Business Combination, and to maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement and a current prospectus relating to those
Class A ordinary shares until the warrants expire or are redeemed, as specified in the warrant agreement. If a post-effective amendment
or a new registration statement covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants is not effective by the 60th
business day after the closing of a Business Combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration
statement and during any period when the Company will have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants
on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act or another exemption. 

Redemption
of warrants when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds . Once the warrants become exercisable, the Company
may redeem the Warrants for redemption: 

in
 whole and not in part; 

at
 a price of per Public Warrant; 

upon
 not less than 30 days prior written notice of redemption to each warrant holder; and 

if,
 and only if, the reported last sale price of the Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds
 18.00 per share (as adjusted for share splits, share dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations
 and the like) for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending three business
 days before the Company sends the notice of redemption to the warrant holders. 

The
Company will not redeem the warrants as described above unless an effective registration statement under the Securities Act covering
the issuance of the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants is then effective and a current prospectus relating
to those Class A ordinary shares is available throughout the 30-day redemption period. If and when the warrants become redeemable by
the Company, the Company may exercise its redemption right even if the Company is unable to register or qualify the underlying securities
for sale under all applicable state securities laws. 

Redemption
of warrants when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds 10.00. Once the Warrants become exercisable, the Company
may redeem the Warrants for redemption: 

in
 whole and not in part; 

at
 a price of 0.10 per warrant upon a minimum of 30 days prior written notice of redemption
 provided that holders will be able to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis prior to
 redemption and receive that number of shares determined by reference to an agreed table based
 on the redemption date and the fair market value of Class A ordinary shares; 

if,
 and only if, the closing price of Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 10.00 per share
 (as adjusted share splits, share dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like)
 for any 20 trading days within the 30-trading day period ending three trading days before
 the Company sends a notice of redemption to the warrant holders; and 

if
 the closing price of Class A ordinary shares for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading
 day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which we send the notice
 of redemption to the warrant holders is less than 18.00 per share (as adjusted share splits,
 share dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like), the Private Placement
 Warrants must also be concurrently called for redemption on the same terms as the outstanding
 Public Warrants, as described above. 

If
and when the Public Warrants become redeemable by the Company, the Company may not exercise its redemption right if the issuance of Class
A ordinary shares upon exercise of the warrants is not exempt from registration or qualification under applicable state blue sky laws
or the Company is unable to effect such registration or qualification. 

The
exercise price and number of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants may be adjusted in certain circumstances
including in the event of a share dividend, or recapitalization, reorganization, merger or consolidation. Additionally, in no event will
the Company be required to net cash settle the Public Warrants. If the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination within the
Combination Period and the Company liquidates the funds held in the Trust Account, holders of warrants will not receive any of such funds
with respect to their warrants, nor will they receive any distribution from the Company s assets held outside of the Trust Account
with the respect to such warrants. Accordingly, the warrants may expire worthless. If the Company calls the Public Warrants for redemption,
management will have the option to require all holders that wish to exercise the Public Warrants to do so on a cashless basis, 
as described in the warrant agreement. The exercise price and number of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the Public
Warrants may be adjusted in certain circumstances including in the event of a share dividend, extraordinary dividend or recapitalization,
reorganization, merger or consolidation. If the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period and
the Company liquidates the funds held in the Trust Account, holders of warrants will not receive any of such funds with respect to their
warrants, nor will they receive any distribution from the Company s assets held outside of the Trust Account with respect to such
warrants. Accordingly, the warrants may expire worthless. 

In
addition, if (x) the Company issues additional Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection
with the closing of its initial Business Combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than 9.20 per Class A ordinary
share (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by the Company s board of directors and, in
the case of any such issuance to the Sponsor or its affiliates, without taking into account any Founder Shares held by the Sponsor or
such affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance) (the Newly Issued Price ), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from
such issuances represent more than 60 of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of the Company s
initial Business Combination on the date of the consummation of such initial Business Combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the volume
weighted average trading price of the Company s Class A ordinary shares during the 20 trading day period starting on the trading
day prior to the day on which the Company consummates its initial Business Combination (such price, the Market Value is
below 9.20 per share, the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 115 of the higher of
the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price and the 18.00 per share redemption trigger price described above will be adjusted (to the
nearest cent) to be equal to 180 of the greater of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price. 

The
Private Placement Warrants are identical to the Public Warrants included in the Units sold in the Initial Public Offering, except that
the Private Placement Warrants and the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon the exercise of the Private Placement Warrants will not
be transferable, assignable or salable until 30 days after the completion of a Business Combination, subject to certain limited exceptions.
Additionally, the Private Placement Warrants will be exercisable on a cashless basis and will be non-redeemable so long as they are held
by the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees. If the Private Placement Warrants are held by someone other than the initial
purchasers or their permitted transferees, the Private Placement Warrants will be redeemable by the Company and exercisable by such holders
on the same basis as the Public Warrants. 

Liabilities: 

Private
 Placement Warrants (2) 
 2 

Public
 Warrants (2) 
 2 

(1) 

(2) 

Warrants 

The
Warrants are accounted for as liabilities in accordance with ASC 815-40 and are presented within warrant liabilities on the balance sheets.
The warrant liabilities are measured at fair value at inception and on a recurring basis, with changes in fair value presented within
change in fair value of warrant liabilities in the statements of operations. 

Subsequent
Measurement 

The
Private Placement Warrants and the Public Warrants were initially valued using a Monte Carlo simulation model, which is considered to
be a Level 3 fair value measurement. Inherent in an options pricing model are assumptions related to expected stock-price volatility,
expected life, risk-free interest rate and dividend yield. The Company estimates the volatility of its ordinary shares based on historical
volatility that matches the expected remaining life of the warrants. The risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury zero-coupon
yield curve on the grant date for a maturity similar to the expected remaining life of the warrants. The expected life of the warrants
is assumed to be equivalent to their remaining contractual term. The dividend rate is based on the historical rate, which the Company
anticipates to remain at zero. The Monte Carlo simulation model was used for estimating the fair value of Public Warrants for periods
where no observable traded price was available, using the same expected volatility as was used in measuring the fair value of the Private
Placement Warrants. The subsequent measurements of the Public Warrants after the detachment of the Public Warrants from the Units is
classified as Level 2 due to the use of an observable market quote in an active market for a similar asset in an active market. For periods
subsequent to the detachment of the warrants from the Units, the close price of the Public Warrant price was used as the fair value as
of each relevant date. The subsequent measurements of the Private Placement Warrants after the detachment of the Public Warrants from
the Units are classified as Level 2 due to the use of an observable market quote for a similar asset in an active market. 

The
key inputs into the Monte Carlo simulation model for the Private Placement Warrants and the Public Warrants were as follows: 

Expected
 term (years) 

Expected
 volatility 

Exercise
 price 

The
following table presents the changes in the fair value of Level 3 warrant liabilities: 

Change
 in fair value as of December 31, 2021 

Transfer
 to Level 1 
 - 

Transfer
 to Level 2 
 
 - 

Fair
 value as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Transfers
to/from Levels 1, 2 and 3 are recognized at the end of the reporting period in which a change in valuation technique or methodology occurs.
The estimated fair value of the Public Warrants transferred from a Level 3 measurement to a Level 2 fair value measurement during the
year ended December 31, 2021 was . The estimated fair value of the Private Placement Warrants transferred from a Level
3 measurement to a Level 2 fair value measurement during the year ended December 31, 2021 was . 

F- 22 

<EX-4.5>
 2
 portagefintech_ex4-5.htm
 EXHIBIT 4.5

Exhibit 4.5 

DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES 

Registered Pursuant to Section 12, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, As Amended 

The following description sets forth certain material terms and provisions of the securities of Portage Fintech Acquisition Corporation we , us , or our that are registered under Section 12 of the Securities Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). The following description of our securities is not complete and may not contain all the information you should consider before investing in our securities. This description is summarized from, and qualified in its entirety by reference to, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, which is incorporated herein by reference as an exhibit to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of which this exhibit is a part. We encourage you to read the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and the applicable provisions of the Companies Act (2021 Revision) of the Cayman Islands (the Companies Act ), for additional information. 

General 

We are a Cayman Islands exempted company and our affairs are governed by our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, the Companies Act and the common law of the Cayman Islands. Pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, we are authorized to issue 330,000,000 ordinary shares, including 300,000,000 Class A ordinary shares and 30,000,000 Class B ordinary shares, as well as 1,000,000 preference shares, par value 0.0001 per share each. The following description summarizes the material terms of our shares as set out more particularly in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. Because it is only a summary, it may not contain all the information that is important to you. 

Units 

Each unit consists of one Class A ordinary share and one-third of one redeemable warrant. Each whole warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per share. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, a warrant holder may exercise its warrants only for a whole number of the company s Class A ordinary shares. This means only a whole warrant may be exercised at any given time by a warrant holder. 

The Class A ordinary shares and warrants comprising the units began separate trading on or about September 10, 2021. 

Additionally, the units will automatically separate into their component parts and will not be traded after completion of our initial business combination. 

Ordinary Shares 

Prior to the date of closing our initial public offering, there were 6,477,845 Class B ordinary shares issued and outstanding, all of which were held of record by our initial shareholders. On June 15, 2021, our sponsor surrendered an aggregate of 1,437,500 shares to us for no consideration, resulting in 5,750,000 Class B ordinary shares issued and outstanding. On July 20, 2021, our sponsor received an additional 1,150,000 Class B ordinary shares resulting in an aggregate of 6,900,000 Class B ordinary shares issued and outstanding. Up to 900,000 Class B ordinary shares were subject to forfeiture by our sponsor depending on the extent to which the underwriters over-allotment option was exercised. On August 5, 2021, the underwriters partially exercised the over-allotment option to purchase an additional 1,911,379 units; thus, 422,155 Class B ordinary shares were forfeited. Upon the closing of our initial public offering, 32,389,224 of our ordinary shares were outstanding including: 

25,911,379 Class A ordinary shares underlying the units issued as part of our initial public offering; and 

6,477,845 Class B ordinary shares held by our initial shareholders. 

Other than in respect of the appointment and removal of directors prior to our initial business combination, ordinary shareholders of record are entitled to one vote for each share held on all matters to be voted on by shareholders. Except as described below and as required by law, holders of Class A ordinary shares and holders of Class B ordinary shares will vote together as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote of our shareholders. Unless specified in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, or as required by applicable provisions of the Companies Act or applicable stock exchange rules, the affirmative vote of a majority of our ordinary shares that are voted is required to approve any such matter voted on by our shareholders. Approval of certain actions will require a special resolution under Cayman Islands law and pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association; such actions include amending our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and approving a statutory merger or consolidation with another company. Our board of directors is divided into three classes, each of which will generally serve for a term of three years with only one class of directors being elected in each year. There is no cumulative voting with respect to the election of directors, with the result that the holders of more than 50 of the shares voted for the election of directors can elect all of the directors. Our shareholders are entitled to receive ratable dividends when, as and if declared by the board of directors out of funds legally available therefor. Prior to our initial business combination, only holders of our founder shares have the right to vote on the election of directors. Holders of our public shares are not entitled to vote on the election of directors during such time. In addition, prior to the completion of an initial business combination, holders of a majority of our founder shares may remove a member of the board of directors for any reason. Incumbent directors will also have the ability to appoint additional directors or to appoint replacement directors in the event of a vacancy. The provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association governing the appointment or removal of directors prior to our initial business combination may only be amended by a special resolution which shall include the affirmative vote of a simple majority of our Class B ordinary shares. 

Because our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association authorize the issuance of up to 300,000,000 Class A ordinary shares, if we were to enter into a business combination, we may (depending on the terms of such a business combination) be required to increase the number of Class A ordinary shares which we will be authorized to issue at the same time as our shareholders vote on the business combination. 

In accordance with the Nasdaq corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual meeting until one year after our first fiscal year end following our listing on the Nasdaq. There is no requirement under the Companies Act for us to hold annual or shareholder meetings to elect directors. We may not hold an annual meeting of shareholders to elect new directors prior to the consummation of our initial business combination. Prior to the completion of an initial business combination, any vacancy on the board of directors may be filled by a nominee chosen by holders of a majority of our founder shares. In addition, prior to the completion of an initial business combination, holders of a majority of our founder shares may remove a member of the board of directors for any reason. 

We will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their public shares upon the completion of our initial business combination at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account calculated as of two business days prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, if any, divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein. The amount in the trust account is initially anticipated to be 10.00 per public share. The per share amount we will distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions we will pay to the underwriters. The redemption rights will include the requirement that a beneficial owner must identify itself in order to valid redeem its shares. Our sponsor, each member of our management team and our advisors have entered into an agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and public shares held by them in connection with (i) the completion of our initial business combination and (ii) a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of our initial public offering or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares or pre-initial business combination activity. 

2 

Under our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, we will complete our initial business combination only upon obtaining shareholder approval of such business combination, and therefore we expect to conduct redemptions of our public shares pursuant to the proxy solicitation rules. In this case, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that a public shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in our initial public offering Excess Shares ), without our prior consent. However, we would not be restricting our shareholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination. Our shareholders inability to redeem the Excess Shares will reduce their influence over our ability to complete our initial business combination, and such shareholders could suffer a material loss in their investment if they sell such Excess Shares on the open market. Additionally, such shareholders will not receive redemption distributions with respect to the Excess Shares if we complete our initial business combination. As a result, such shareholders will continue to hold that number of shares exceeding 15 and, in order to dispose such shares would be required to sell their shares in open market transactions, potentially at a loss. 

Approval of our initial business combination will require the approval of an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law, unless a higher approval threshold is required under Cayman Islands law. The participation of our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates in privately-negotiated transactions, if any, could result in the approval of our initial business combination even if a majority of our public shareholders vote, or indicate their intention to vote, against such initial business combination. In addition, our sponsor, each member of our management team and our advisors have agreed to vote their founder shares and public shares in favor of our initial business combination. As a result, in addition to our initial shareholders founder shares, we would need 9,716,767, or 37.5 (assuming all issued and outstanding shares are voted), or 1,619,461, or 6.25 (assuming only the minimum number of shares representing a quorum are voted) of the 25,911,379 public shares sold in our initial public offering to be voted in favor of an initial business combination in order to have our initial business combination approved. Each public shareholder may elect to redeem their public shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction or vote at all. For purposes of obtaining shareholder approval of our initial business combination, non-votes will have no effect on the approval once a quorum is obtained. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association require that at least five days notice will be given of any shareholder meeting. 

If we are unable to conduct redemptions pursuant to the proxy solicitation rules as described above, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association require us to conduct redemptions of our public shares pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC, and file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association require these tender offer documents to contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under the SEC s proxy rules. 

Pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, if we have not consummated an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of our initial public offering, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, if any (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses) divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any); and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. Our sponsor, each member of our management team and our advisors have entered into an agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any founder shares they hold if we fail to consummate an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of our initial public offering (although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any public shares they hold if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame). Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that, if we wind up for any other reason prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, we will follow the foregoing procedures with respect to the liquidation of the trust account as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, subject to applicable Cayman Islands law. 

3 

In the event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the company after a business combination, our shareholders are entitled to share ratably in all assets remaining available for distribution to them after payment of liabilities and after provision is made for each class of shares, if any, having preference over the ordinary shares. Our shareholders have no preemptive or other subscription rights. There are no sinking fund provisions applicable to the ordinary shares, except that we will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares for cash at a per share price equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, if any, divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares, upon the completion of our initial business combination, subject to the limitations described herein. 

Founder Shares 

The founder shares are designated as Class B ordinary shares and, except as described below, are identical to the Class A ordinary shares included in the units that were sold in our initial public offering, and holders of founder shares have the same shareholder rights as public shareholders, except that: (a) prior to our initial business combination, only holders of the founder shares have the right to vote on the election and removal of directors and holders of a majority of our founder shares may remove a member of the board of directors for any reason; (b) the founder shares are subject to certain transfer restrictions, as described in more detail below; (c) our sponsor, each member of our management team and our advisors have entered into an agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to (i) waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares; (ii) waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares and public shares in connection with a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of our initial public offering or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares or pre-initial business combination activity; and (iii) waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any founder shares they hold if we fail to consummate an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of our initial public offering (although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any public shares they hold if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame); (d) the founder shares will automatically convert into our Class A ordinary shares at the time of our initial business combination or earlier at the option of the holders thereof as described herein; and (e) the founder shares are entitled to registration rights. Under our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, we will complete our initial business combination only upon obtaining shareholder approval by an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law, unless a higher approval threshold is required under Cayman Islands law. In such case, our sponsor, each member of our management team and our advisors have agreed to vote their founder shares and public shares in favor of our initial business combination. 

The founder shares are designated as Class B ordinary shares and will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares (which such Class A ordinary shares delivered upon conversion will not have redemption rights or be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account if we do not consummate an initial business combination) at the time of our initial business combination or earlier at the option of the holders thereof at a ratio such that the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of all founder shares will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted basis, 20 of the sum of (i) the total number of ordinary shares issued and outstanding upon completion of our initial public offering, plus (ii) the total number of Class A ordinary shares issued or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked securities or rights issued or deemed issued, by the company in connection with or in relation to the consummation of the initial business combination, excluding any Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities exercisable for or convertible into Class A ordinary shares issued, deemed issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the initial business combination and any private placement warrants issued to our sponsor, its affiliates or any member of our management team upon conversion of working capital loans. In no event will the Class B ordinary shares convert into Class A ordinary shares at a rate of less than one-to-one. 

4 

Except as described herein, our sponsor, each member of our management team and our advisors have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of their founder shares until earliest of (A) one year after the completion of our initial business combination and (B) subsequent to our initial business combination, (x) if the closing price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for share splits, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial business combination, or (y) the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of our public shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. We refer to such transfer restrictions as the lock-up. Any permitted transferees would be subject to the same restrictions and other agreements of our sponsor and our directors and executive officers with respect to any founder shares. 

Prior to our initial business combination, only holders of our founder shares have the right to vote on the election of directors. Holders of our public shares are not entitled to vote on the election of directors during such time. In addition, prior to the completion of an initial business combination, holders of a majority of our founder shares may remove a member of the board of directors for any reason. These provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association may only be amended by a special resolution which shall include the affirmative vote of a simple majority of our Class B ordinary shares. In addition, in a vote to transfer the company by way of continuation out of the Cayman Islands to another jurisdiction (including, but not limited to, the approval of the organizational documents of the company in such other jurisdiction), which requires a special resolution, holders of our founder shares will have ten votes for every founder share and holders of our Class A ordinary shares will have one vote for every Class A ordinary share and, as a result, our sponsor will be able to approve any such proposal without the vote of any other shareholder. With respect to any other matter submitted to a vote of our shareholders, including any vote in connection with our initial business combination, except as required by law, holders of our founder shares and holders of our public shares will vote together as a single class, with each share entitling the holder to one vote. 

Register of Members 

Under Cayman Islands law, we must keep a register of members and there will be entered therein: 

the names and addresses of the members, a statement of the shares held by each member, and of the amount paid or agreed to be considered as paid, on the shares of each member and the voting rights of shares (and whether such voting rights are conditional); 

the date on which the name of any person was entered on the register as a member; and 

the date on which any person ceased to be a member. 

Under Cayman Islands law, the register of members of our company is prima facie evidence of the matters set out therein (i.e., the register of members will raise a presumption of fact on the matters referred to above unless rebutted) and a member registered in the register of members will be deemed as a matter of Cayman Islands law to have legal title to the shares as set against its name in the register of members. Upon the closing of our initial public offering, the register of members was immediately updated to reflect the issue of shares by us. The shareholders recorded in the register of members will be deemed to have legal title to the shares set against their name. However, there are certain limited circumstances where an application may be made to a Cayman Islands court for a determination on whether the register of members reflects the correct legal position. Further, the Cayman Islands court has the power to order that the register of members maintained by a company should be rectified where it considers that the register of members does not reflect the correct legal position. If an application for an order for rectification of the register of members were made in respect of our ordinary shares, then the validity of such shares may be subject to re-examination by a Cayman Islands court. 

5 

Preference Shares 

Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association authorize 1,000,000 preference shares and provide that preference shares may be issued from time to time in one or more series. Our board of directors is authorized to fix the voting rights, if any, designations, powers, preferences, the relative, participating, optional or other special rights and any qualifications, limitations and restrictions thereof, applicable to the shares of each series. Our board of directors is able to, without shareholder approval, issue preference shares with voting and other rights that could adversely affect the voting power and other rights of the holders of the ordinary shares and could have anti-takeover effects. The ability of our board of directors to issue preference shares without shareholder approval could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change of control of us or the removal of existing management. We have no preference shares issued and outstanding at the date hereof. Although we do not currently intend to issue any preference shares, we cannot assure you that we will not do so in the future. 

Warrants 

Public Shareholders Warrants 

Each whole warrant entitles the registered holder to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustments as discussed below, at any time commencing 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination, except as discussed in the immediately succeeding paragraph. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, a warrant holder may exercise its warrants only for a whole number of Class A ordinary shares. This means only a whole warrant may be exercised at a given time by a warrant holder. No fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the units and only whole warrants will trade. The warrants will expire five years after the completion of our initial business combination, at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 

We are not obligated to deliver any Class A ordinary shares pursuant to the exercise of a warrant and have no obligation to settle such warrant exercise unless a registration statement under the Securities Act with respect to the Class A ordinary shares underlying the warrants is then effective and a prospectus relating thereto is current, subject to our satisfying our obligations described below with respect to registration, or a valid exemption from registration is available. No warrant is exercisable and we are not obligated to issue a Class A ordinary share upon exercise of a warrant unless the Class A ordinary share issuable upon such warrant exercise has been registered, qualified or deemed to be exempt under the securities laws of the state of residence of the registered holder of the warrants. In the event that the conditions in the two immediately preceding sentences are not satisfied with respect to a warrant, the holder of such warrant will not be entitled to exercise such warrant and such warrant may have no value and expire worthless. In no event will we be required to net cash settle any warrant. In the event that a registration statement is not effective for the exercised warrants, the purchaser of a unit containing such warrant will have paid the full purchase price for the unit solely for the Class A ordinary share underlying such unit. 

We have agreed that as soon as practicable, but in no event later than twenty business days after the closing of our initial business combination, we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to file with the SEC a post-effective amendment to the registration statement for our initial public offering or a new registration statement for the registration, under the Securities Act, of the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants, and we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to cause the same to become effective within 60 business days after the closing of our initial business combination, and to maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement and a current prospectus relating to those Class A ordinary shares until the warrants expire or are redeemed, as specified in the warrant agreement; provided that if our Class A ordinary shares are at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that they satisfy the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, we may, at our option, require holders of public warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event we so elect, we will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement, but we will use our commercially reasonably efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. If a post-effective amendment or a new registration statement covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants is not effective by the 60th day after the closing of the initial business combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when we will have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act or another exemption, but we will use our commercially reasonably efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. In such event, each holder would pay the exercise price by surrendering the warrants for that number of Class A ordinary shares equal to the lesser of (A) the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of Class A ordinary shares underlying the warrants, multiplied by the excess of the fair market value (defined below) less the exercise price of the warrants by (y) the fair market value and (B) 0.361. The fair market value as used in this paragraph shall mean the volume weighted average price of the Class A ordinary shares for the 10 trading days ending on the trading day prior to the date on which the notice of exercise is received by the warrant agent. 

6 

Redemption 

A holder of a warrant may notify us in writing in the event it elects to be subject to a requirement that such holder will not have the right to exercise such warrant, to the extent that after giving effect to such exercise, such person (together with such person s affiliates), to the warrant agent s actual knowledge, would beneficially own in excess of 9.8 (or such other amount as a holder may specify) of the Class A ordinary shares issued and outstanding immediately after giving effect to such exercise. 

Redemption of warrants when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds 18.00 . Once the warrants become exercisable, we may redeem the outstanding warrants (except as described herein with respect to the private placement warrants): 

in whole and not in part; 

at a price of 0.01 per warrant; 

upon a minimum of 30 days prior written notice of redemption to each warrant holder; and 

if, and only if, the closing price of the Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant as described under the heading Warrants Public Shareholders Warrants Anti-Dilution Adjustments for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending three trading days before we send the notice of redemption to the warrant holders. 

We will not redeem the warrants as described above unless a registration statement under the Securities Act covering the issuance of the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants is then effective and a current prospectus relating to those Class A ordinary shares is available throughout the 30-day redemption period. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. 

We have established the last of the redemption criterion discussed above to prevent a redemption call unless there is at the time of the call a significant premium to the warrant exercise price. If the foregoing conditions are satisfied and we issue a notice of redemption of the warrants, each warrant holder will be entitled to exercise his, her or its warrant prior to the scheduled redemption date. However, the price of the Class A ordinary shares may fall below the 18.00 redemption trigger price (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant as described under the heading Warrants Public Shareholders Warrants Anti-dilution Adjustments as well as the 11.50 (for whole shares) warrant exercise price after the redemption notice is issued. 

Redemption of warrants when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds 10.00 . Once the warrants become exercisable, we may redeem the outstanding warrants: 

in whole and not in part; 

at 0.10 per warrant upon a minimum of 30 days prior written notice of redemption provided that holders will be able to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis prior to redemption and receive that number of shares determined by reference to the table below, based on the redemption date and the fair market value of our Class A ordinary shares (as defined below) except as otherwise described below; 

7 

if, and only if, the closing price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 10.00 per public share (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant as described under the heading Warrants Public Shareholders Warrants Anti-Dilution Adjustments for any 20 trading days within the 30-trading day period ending three trading days before we send the notice of redemption to the warrant holders; and 

if the closing price of the Class A ordinary shares for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which we send the notice of redemption to the warrant holders is less than 18.00 per share (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant as described under the heading Warrants Public Shareholders Warrants Anti-dilution Adjustments ), the private placement warrants must also be concurrently called for redemption on the same terms as the outstanding public warrants, as described above. 

Beginning on the date the notice of redemption is given until the warrants are redeemed or exercised, holders may elect to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis. The numbers in the table below represent the number of Class A ordinary shares that a warrant holder will receive upon such cashless exercise in connection with a redemption by us pursuant to this redemption feature, based on the fair market value of our Class A ordinary shares on the corresponding redemption date (assuming holders elect to exercise their warrants and such warrants are not redeemed for 0.10 per warrant), determined for these purposes based on volume weighted average price of our Class A ordinary shares during the 10 trading days immediately following the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants, and the number of months that the corresponding redemption date precedes the expiration date of the warrants, each as set forth in the table below. We will provide our warrant holders with the final fair market value no later than one business day after the 10-trading day period described above ends. 

Pursuant to the warrant agreement, references above to Class A ordinary shares shall include a security other than Class A ordinary shares into which the Class A ordinary shares have been converted or exchanged for in the event we are not the surviving company in our initial business combination. The numbers in the table below will not be adjusted when determining the number of Class A ordinary shares to be issued upon exercise of the warrants if we are not the surviving entity following our initial business combination. 

The share prices set forth in the column headings of the table below will be adjusted as of any date on which the number of shares issuable upon exercise of a warrant or the exercise price of a warrant is adjusted as set forth under the heading Anti-dilution Adjustments below. If the number of shares issuable upon exercise of a warrant is adjusted, the adjusted share prices in the column headings will equal the share prices immediately prior to such adjustment, multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of shares deliverable upon exercise of a warrant immediately prior to such adjustment and the denominator of which is the number of shares deliverable upon exercise of a warrant as so adjusted. The number of shares in the table below shall be adjusted in the same manner and at the same time as the number of shares issuable upon exercise of a warrant. If the exercise price of a warrant is adjusted, (a) in the case of an adjustment pursuant to the fifth paragraph under the heading Anti-dilution Adjustments below, the adjusted share prices in the column headings will equal the unadjusted share price multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price as set forth under the heading Anti-dilution Adjustments and the denominator of which is 10.00 and (b) in the case of an adjustment pursuant to the second paragraph under the heading Anti-dilution Adjustments below, the adjusted share prices in the column headings will equal the unadjusted share price less the decrease in the exercise price of a warrant pursuant to such exercise price adjustment. 

8 

Redemption Date 
(period to expiration of warrants) 
 
 Fair Market Value of Class A Ordinary Shares 

10.00 

11.00 

12.00 

13.00 

14.00 

15.00 

16.00 

17.00 

18.00 

60 months 

0.261 

0.281 

0.297 

0.311 

0.324 

0.337 

0.348 

0.358 

0.361 

57 months 

0.257 

0.277 

0.294 

0.310 

0.324 

0.337 

0.348 

0.358 

0.361 

54 months 

0.252 

0.272 

0.291 

0.307 

0.322 

0.335 

0.347 

0.357 

0.361 

51 months 

0.246 

0.268 

0.287 

0.304 

0.320 

0.333 

0.346 

0.357 

0.361 

48 months 

0.241 

0.263 

0.283 

0.301 

0.317 

0.332 

0.344 

0.356 

0.361 

45 months 

0.235 

0.258 

0.279 

0.298 

0.315 

0.330 

0.343 

0.356 

0.361 

42 months 

0.228 

0.252 

0.274 

0.294 

0.312 

0.328 

0.342 

0.355 

0.361 

39 months 

0.221 

0.246 

0.269 

0.290 

0.309 

0.325 

0.340 

0.354 

0.361 

36 months 

0.213 

0.239 

0.263 

0.285 

0.305 

0.323 

0.339 

0.353 

0.361 

33 months 

0.205 

0.232 

0.257 

0.280 

0.301 

0.320 

0.337 

0.352 

0.361 

30 months 

0.196 

0.224 

0.250 

0.274 

0.297 

0.316 

0.335 

0.351 

0.361 

27 months 

0.185 

0.214 

0.242 

0.268 

0.291 

0.313 

0.332 

0.350 

0.361 

24 months 

0.173 

0.204 

0.233 

0.260 

0.285 

0.308 

0.329 

0.348 

0.361 

21 months 

0.161 

0.193 

0.223 

0.252 

0.279 

0.304 

0.326 

0.347 

0.361 

18 months 

0.146 

0.179 

0.211 

0.242 

0.271 

0.298 

0.322 

0.345 

0.361 

15 months 

0.130 

0.164 

0.197 

0.230 

0.262 

0.291 

0.317 

0.342 

0.361 

12 months 

0.111 

0.146 

0.181 

0.216 

0.250 

0.282 

0.312 

0.339 

0.361 

9 months 

0.090 

0.125 

0.162 

0.199 

0.237 

0.272 

0.305 

0.336 

0.361 

6 months 

0.065 

0.099 

0.137 

0.178 

0.219 

0.259 

0.296 

0.331 

0.361 

3 months 

0.034 

0.065 

0.104 

0.150 

0.197 

0.243 

0.286 

0.326 

0.361 

0 months 

- 

- 

0.042 

0.115 

0.179 

0.233 

0.281 

0.323 

0.361 

The exact fair market value and redemption date may not be set forth in the table above, in which case, if the fair market value is between two values in the table or the redemption date is between two redemption dates in the table, the number of Class A ordinary shares to be issued for each warrant exercised will be determined by a straight-line interpolation between the number of shares set forth for the higher and lower fair market values and the earlier and later redemption dates, as applicable, based on a 365 or 366-day year, as applicable. For example, if the volume weighted average price of our Class A ordinary shares during the 10 trading days immediately following the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of the warrants is 11.00 per share, and at such time there are 57 months until the expiration of the warrants, holders may choose to, in connection with this redemption feature, exercise their warrants for 0.277 Class A ordinary shares for each whole warrant. For an example where the exact fair market value and redemption date are not as set forth in the table above, if the volume weighted average price of our Class A ordinary shares during the 10 trading days immediately following the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of the warrants is 13.50 per share, and at such time there are 38 months until the expiration of the warrants, holders may choose to, in connection with this redemption feature, exercise their warrants for 0.298 Class A ordinary shares for each whole warrant. In no event will the warrants be exercisable on a cashless basis in connection with this redemption feature for more than 0.361 Class A ordinary shares per warrant (subject to adjustment). Finally, as reflected in the table above, if the warrants are out of the money and about to expire, they cannot be exercised on a cashless basis in connection with a redemption by us pursuant to this redemption feature, since they will not be exercisable for any Class A ordinary shares. 

9 

This redemption feature differs from the typical warrant redemption features used in many other blank check offerings, which typically only provide for a redemption of warrants for cash (other than the private placement warrants) when the trading price for the Class A ordinary shares exceeds 18.00 per share for a specified period of time. This redemption feature is structured to allow for all of the outstanding warrants to be redeemed when the Class A ordinary shares are trading at or above 10.00 per public share, which may be at a time when the trading price of our Class A ordinary shares is below the exercise price of the warrants. We have established this redemption feature to provide us with the flexibility to redeem the warrants without the warrants having to reach the 18.00 per share threshold set forth above under Redemption of warrants when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds 18.00. Holders choosing to exercise their warrants in connection with a redemption pursuant to this feature will, in effect, receive a number of shares for their warrants based on an option pricing model with a fixed volatility input as of the of our initial public offering. This redemption right provides us with an additional mechanism by which to redeem all of the outstanding warrants, and therefore have certainty as to our capital structure as the warrants would no longer be outstanding and would have been exercised or redeemed. We will be required to pay the applicable redemption price to warrant holders if we choose to exercise this redemption right and it will allow us to quickly proceed with a redemption of the warrants if we determine it is in our best interest to do so. As such, we would redeem the warrants in this manner when we believe it is in our best interest to update our capital structure to remove the warrants and pay the redemption price to the warrant holders. 

As stated above, we can redeem the warrants when the Class A ordinary shares are trading at a price starting at 10.00, which is below the exercise price of 11.50, because it will provide certainty with respect to our capital structure and cash position while providing warrant holders with the opportunity to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis for the applicable number of shares. If we choose to redeem the warrants when the Class A ordinary shares are trading at a price below the exercise price of the warrants, this could result in the warrant holders receiving fewer Class A ordinary shares than they would have received if they had chosen to wait to exercise their warrants for Class A ordinary shares if and when such Class A ordinary shares were trading at a price higher than the exercise price of 11.50. 

No fractional Class A ordinary shares will be issued upon exercise. If, upon exercise, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in a share, we will round down to the nearest whole number of the number of Class A ordinary shares to be issued to the holder. If, at the time of redemption, the warrants are exercisable for a security other than the Class A ordinary shares pursuant to the warrant agreement (for instance, if we are not the surviving company in our initial business combination), the warrants may be exercised for such security. At such time as the warrants become exercisable for a security other than the Class A ordinary shares, the company (or surviving company) will use its commercially reasonable efforts to register under the Securities Act the security issuable upon the exercise of the warrants. 

Anti-dilution Adjustments 

If the number of outstanding Class A ordinary shares is increased by a capitalization or share dividend payable in Class A ordinary shares, or by a split-up of ordinary shares or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such capitalization or share dividend, split-up or similar event, the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable on exercise of each warrant will be increased in proportion to such increase in the outstanding ordinary shares. A rights offering made to all or substantially all holders of ordinary shares entitling holders to purchase Class A ordinary shares at a price less than the historical fair market value (as defined below) will be deemed a share dividend of a number of Class A ordinary shares equal to the product of (i) the number of Class A ordinary shares actually sold in such rights offering (or issuable under any other equity securities sold in such rights offering that are convertible into or exercisable for Class A ordinary shares) and (ii) one minus the quotient of (x) the price per Class A ordinary share paid in such rights offering and (y) the historical fair market value. For these purposes, (i) if the rights offering is for securities convertible into or exercisable for Class A ordinary shares, in determining the price payable for Class A ordinary shares, there will be taken into account any consideration received for such rights, as well as any additional amount payable upon exercise or conversion and (ii) historical fair market value means the volume weighted average price of Class A ordinary shares as reported during the 10 trading day period ending on the trading day prior to the first date on which the Class A ordinary shares trade on the applicable exchange or in the applicable market, regular way, without the right to receive such rights. 

10 

In addition, if we, at any time while the warrants are outstanding and unexpired, pay a dividend or make a distribution in cash, securities or other assets to all or substantially all of the holders of the Class A ordinary shares on account of such Class A ordinary shares (or other securities into which the warrants are convertible), other than (a) as described above, (b) any cash dividends or cash distributions which, when combined on a per share basis with all other cash dividends and cash distributions paid on the Class A ordinary shares during the 365-day period ending on the date of declaration of such dividend or distribution does not exceed 0.50 (as adjusted to appropriately reflect any other adjustments and excluding cash dividends or cash distributions that resulted in an adjustment to the exercise price or to the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable on exercise of each warrant) but only with respect to the amount of the aggregate cash dividends or cash distributions equal to or less than 0.50 per share, (c) to satisfy the redemption rights of the holders of Class A ordinary shares in connection with a proposed initial business combination, (d) to satisfy the redemption rights of the holders of Class A ordinary shares in connection with a shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of our initial public offering or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares or pre-initial business combination activity, or (e) in connection with the redemption of our public shares upon our failure to complete our initial business combination, then the warrant exercise price will be decreased, effective immediately after the effective date of such event, by the amount of cash and/or the fair market value of any securities or other assets paid on each Class A ordinary share in respect of such event. 

If the number of outstanding Class A ordinary shares is decreased by a consolidation, combination, reverse share split or reclassification of Class A ordinary shares or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such consolidation, combination, reverse share split, reclassification or similar event, the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable on exercise of each warrant will be decreased in proportion to such decrease in outstanding Class A ordinary shares. 

Whenever the number of Class A ordinary shares purchasable upon the exercise of the warrants is adjusted, as described above, the warrant exercise price will be adjusted by multiplying the warrant exercise price immediately prior to such adjustment by a fraction (x) the numerator of which will be the number of Class A ordinary shares purchasable upon the exercise of the warrants immediately prior to such adjustment and (y) the denominator of which will be the number of Class A ordinary shares so purchasable immediately thereafter. 

In addition, if (x) we issue additional Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of our initial business combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than 9.20 per ordinary share (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by our board of directors and, in the case of any such issuance to our sponsor or its affiliates, without taking into account any founder shares held by our sponsor or such affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance) (the Newly Issued Price ), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60 of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of our initial business combination on the date of the consummation of our initial business combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the volume weighted average trading price of our Class A ordinary shares during the 20 trading day period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which we consummate our initial business combination (such price, the Market Value is below 9.20 per share, the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 115 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, the 18.00 per share redemption trigger price described above under Redemption of warrants when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds 18.00 and Redemption of warrants when the price per Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 10.00 will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 180 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the 10.00 per share redemption trigger price described above under Redemption of warrants when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds 10.00 will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price. 

11 

In case of any reclassification or reorganization of the outstanding Class A ordinary shares (other than those described above or that solely affects the par value of such Class A ordinary shares), or in the case of any merger or consolidation of us with or into another corporation (other than a consolidation or merger in which we are the continuing corporation and that does not result in any reclassification or reorganization of our outstanding Class A ordinary shares), or in the case of any sale or conveyance to another corporation or entity of the assets or other property of us as an entirety or substantially as an entirety in connection with which we are dissolved, the holders of the warrants will thereafter have the right to purchase and receive, upon the basis and upon the terms and conditions specified in the warrants and in lieu of the Class A ordinary shares immediately theretofore purchasable and receivable upon the exercise of the rights represented thereby, the kind and amount of Class A ordinary shares or other securities or property (including cash) receivable upon such reclassification, reorganization, merger or consolidation, or upon a dissolution following any such sale or transfer, that the holder of the warrants would have received if such holder had exercised their warrants immediately prior to such event. However, if such holders were entitled to exercise a right of election as to the kind or amount of securities, cash or other assets receivable upon such consolidation or merger, then the kind and amount of securities, cash or other assets for which each warrant will become exercisable will be deemed to be the weighted average of the kind and amount received per share by such holders in such consolidation or merger that affirmatively make such election, and if a tender, exchange or redemption offer has been made to and accepted by such holders (other than a tender, exchange or redemption offer made by the company in connection with redemption rights held by shareholders of the company as provided for in the company s amended and restated memorandum and articles of association or as a result of the redemption of Class A ordinary shares by the company if a proposed initial business combination is presented to the shareholders of the company for approval) under circumstances in which, upon completion of such tender or exchange offer, the maker thereof, together with members of any group (within the meaning of Rule 13d-5(b)(1) under the Exchange Act) of which such maker is a part, and together with any affiliate or associate of such maker (within the meaning of Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act) and any members of any such group of which any such affiliate or associate is a part, own beneficially (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act) more than 50 of the issued and outstanding Class A ordinary shares, the holder of a warrant will be entitled to receive the highest amount of cash, securities or other property to which such holder would actually have been entitled as a shareholder if such warrant holder had exercised the warrant prior to the expiration of such tender or exchange offer, accepted such offer and all of the Class A ordinary shares held by such holder had been purchased pursuant to such tender or exchange offer, subject to adjustment (from and after the consummation of such tender or exchange offer) as nearly equivalent as possible to the adjustments provided for in the warrant agreement. If less than 70 of the consideration receivable by the holders of Class A ordinary shares in such a transaction is payable in the form of Class A ordinary shares in the successor entity that is listed for trading on a national securities exchange or is quoted in an established over-the-counter market, or is to be so listed for trading or quoted immediately following such event, and if the registered holder of the warrant properly exercises the warrant within thirty days following public disclosure of such transaction, the warrant exercise price will be reduced as specified in the warrant agreement based on the Black-Scholes value (as defined in the warrant agreement) of the warrant. The purpose of such exercise price reduction is to provide additional value to holders of the warrants when an extraordinary transaction occurs during the exercise period of the warrants pursuant to which the holders of the warrants otherwise do not receive the full potential value of the warrants. The purpose of such exercise price reduction is to provide additional value to holders of the warrants when an extraordinary transaction occurs during the exercise period of the warrants pursuant to which the holders of the warrants otherwise do not receive the full potential value of the warrants. 

The warrants are issued in registered form under a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent, and us. The warrant agreement provides that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder for the purpose of (i) curing any ambiguity or correct any mistake or defective provision; (ii) amending the provisions relating to cash dividends on ordinary shares as contemplated by and in accordance with the warrant agreement or (iii) adding or changing any provisions with respect to matters or questions arising under the warrant agreement as the parties to the warrant agreement may deem necessary or desirable and that the parties deem to not adversely affect the rights of the registered holders of the warrants, provided that the approval by the holders of at least 65 of the then-outstanding public warrants is required to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders. You should review a copy of the warrant agreement, which is filed as an exhibit to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of which this exhibit is a part, for a complete description of the terms and conditions applicable to the warrants. 

12 

The warrant holders do not have the rights or privileges of holders of ordinary shares and any voting rights until they exercise their warrants and receive Class A ordinary shares. After the issuance of Class A ordinary shares upon exercise of the warrants, each holder will be entitled to one vote for each share held of record on all matters to be voted on by shareholders. 

We have agreed that, subject to applicable law, any action, proceeding or claim against us arising out of or relating in any way to the warrant agreement will be brought and enforced in the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, and we irrevocably submit to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction will be the exclusive forum for any such action, proceeding or claim. This provision applies to claims under the Securities Act but does not apply to claims under the Exchange Act or any claim for which the federal district courts of the United States of America are the sole and exclusive forum. 

Private Placement Warrants 

Except as described below, the private placement warrants have terms and provisions that are identical to those of the warrants that were sold as part of the units in our initial public offering. The private placement warrants (including the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the private placement warrants) are not transferable, assignable or salable until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination (except pursuant to limited exceptions, to our officers and directors and other persons or entities affiliated with the initial purchasers of the private placement warrants) and they are not redeemable by us (except as otherwise set forth herein) so long as they are held by our sponsor or its permitted transferees. Our sponsor, or its permitted transferees, has the option to exercise the private placement warrants on a cashless basis. If the private placement warrants are held by holders other than our sponsor or its permitted transferees, the private placement warrants will be redeemable by us in all redemption scenarios and exercisable by the holders on the same basis as the warrants included in the units that were sold in our initial public offering. Any amendment to the terms of the private placement warrants or any provision of the warrant agreement with respect to the private placement warrants will require a vote of holders of at least 65 of the number of the then outstanding private placement warrants. 

Except as described above under Public Shareholders Warrants Redemption of warrants when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds 10.00, if holders of the private placement warrants elect to exercise them on a cashless basis, they would pay the exercise price by surrendering his, her or its warrants for that number of Class A ordinary shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of Class A ordinary shares underlying the warrants, multiplied by the excess of the Sponsor fair market value (defined below) over the exercise price of the warrants by (y) the Sponsor fair market value. For these purposes, the Sponsor fair market value shall mean the average reported closing price of the Class A ordinary shares for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of warrant exercise is sent to the warrant agent. The reason that we have agreed that these warrants will be exercisable on a cashless basis so long as they are held by our sponsor and its permitted transferees is because it is not known at this time whether they will be affiliated with us following a business combination. If they remain affiliated with us, their ability to sell our securities in the open market will be significantly limited. We have policies in place that restrict insiders from selling our securities except during specific periods of time. Even during such periods of time when insiders will be permitted to sell our securities, an insider cannot trade in our securities if he or she is in possession of material non-public information. Accordingly, unlike public shareholders who could exercise their warrants and sell the Class A ordinary shares received upon such exercise freely in the open market in order to recoup the cost of such exercise, the insiders could be significantly restricted from selling such securities. As a result, we believe that allowing the holders to exercise such warrants on a cashless basis is appropriate. 

In order to fund working capital deficiencies or finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants of the post business combination entity at a price of 1.50 per warrant at the option of the lender. Such warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants. 

13 

Dividends 

We have not paid any cash dividends on our ordinary shares to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of our initial business combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition subsequent to completion of our initial business combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent to our initial business combination will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. If we incur any indebtedness in connection with a business combination, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. 

Our Transfer Agent and Warrant Agent 

The transfer agent for our ordinary shares and warrant agent for our warrants is Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company. We have agreed to indemnify Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, in its roles as transfer agent and warrant agent, its agents and each of its shareholders, directors, officers and employees against all claims and losses that may arise out of acts performed or omitted for its activities in that capacity, except for any claims and losses due to any gross negligence or intentional misconduct of the indemnified person or entity. 

Certain Differences in Corporate Law 

Cayman Islands companies are governed by the Companies Act. The Companies Act is modeled on English Law but does not follow recent English Law statutory enactments, and differs from laws applicable to United States corporations and their shareholders. Set forth below is a summary of the material differences between the provisions of the Companies Act applicable to us and the laws applicable to companies incorporated in the United States and their shareholders. 

Mergers and Similar Arrangements 

In certain circumstances, the Companies Act allows for mergers or consolidations between two Cayman Islands companies, or between a Cayman Islands exempted company and a company incorporated in another jurisdiction provided that is facilitated by the laws of that other jurisdiction). 

Where the merger or consolidation is between two Cayman Islands companies, the directors of each company must approve a written plan of merger or consolidation containing certain prescribed information. That plan or merger or consolidation must then be authorized by (a) a special resolution of the shareholders of each company; and (b) such other authorization, if any, as may be specified in such constituent company s articles of association. No shareholder resolution is required for a merger between a parent company (i.e., a company that holds issued shares that together represent at least 90 of the votes at a general meeting of the subsidiary company) and its subsidiary company, if a copy of the plan of merger is given to every member of each subsidiary company to be merged unless that member agrees otherwise. The consent of each holder of a fixed or floating security interest of a constituent company must be obtained, unless the court waives such requirement. The consent of each holder of a fixed or floating security interest of a constituent company must be obtained, unless the court waives such requirement. The directors of each company are required to provide a declaration of the assets and liabilities of the company made up to the latest practicable date before the making of the declaration, and are further required to make a declaration to the effect that: (i) the company is able to pay its debts as they fall due and that the merger or consolidation is bona fide and not intended to defraud unsecured creditors of the company; (ii) no petition or other similar proceeding has been filed and remains outstanding and that no order has been made or resolution adopted to wind up the company in any jurisdiction; (iii) no receiver, trustee, administrator or other similar person has been appointed in any jurisdiction and is acting in respect of the company, its affairs or its property or any part thereof; (iv) no scheme, order, compromise or other similar arrangement has been entered into or made in any jurisdiction whereby the rights of creditors of the company are and continue to be suspended or restricted; (v) in the case of constituent company that is not a surviving company, the constituent company has retired from any fiduciary office held or will do so immediately prior to the merger or consolidation; and (vi) where relevant, the company has complied with any applicable requirements under Cayman Islands regulatory laws. If the Cayman Islands Registrar of Companies is satisfied that the requirements of the Companies Act (which includes certain other formalities) have been complied with, the Registrar of Companies will register the plan of merger or consolidation. 

14 

Where the merger or consolidation involves a foreign company, the procedure is similar, save that where the surviving or consolidated company is the Cayman Islands exempted company, the Cayman Islands Registrar of Companies is required to be satisfied in respect of any constituent overseas company: (i) that the merger or consolidation is permitted or not prohibited by the constitutional documents of the foreign company and by the laws of the jurisdiction in which the foreign company is incorporated, and that those laws and any requirements of those constitutional documents have been or will be complied with; (ii) that no petition or other similar proceeding has been filed and remains outstanding or order made or resolution adopted to wind up or liquidate the foreign company in any jurisdictions; (iii) that no receiver, trustee, administrator or other similar person has been appointed in any jurisdiction and is acting in respect of the foreign company, its affairs or its property or any part thereof; (iv) that no scheme, order, compromise or other similar arrangement has been entered into or made in any jurisdiction whereby the rights of creditors of the foreign company are and continue to be suspended or restricted; (v) that the foreign company is able to pay its debts as they fall due and that the merger or consolidation is bona fide and not intended to defraud unsecured creditors of the foreign company; (vi) that in respect of the transfer of any security interest granted by the foreign company to the surviving or consolidated company (a) consent or approval to the transfer has been obtained, released or waived; (b) the transfer is permitted by and has been approved in accordance with the constitutional documents of the foreign company; and (c) the laws of the jurisdiction of the foreign company with respect to the transfer have been or will be complied with; (vii) that the foreign company will, upon the merger or consolidation becoming effective, cease to be incorporated, registered or exist under the laws of the relevant foreign jurisdiction; and (viii) that there is no other reason why it would be against the public interest to permit the merger or consolidation. The requirements set out in sections (i) to (vii) above shall be met by a director of the Cayman Islands exempted company making a declaration to the effect that, having made due enquiry, they are of the opinion that such requirements have been met, such declaration to include a statement of the assets and liabilities of the foreign company made up to the latest practicable date before making the declaration. 

Where the above procedures are adopted, the Companies Act provides for a right of dissenting shareholders to be paid a payment of the fair value of his shares upon their dissenting to the merger or consolidation if they follow a prescribed procedure. In essence, that procedure is as follows: (a) the shareholder must give his written objection to the merger or consolidation to the constituent company before the vote on the merger or consolidation, including a statement that the shareholder proposes to demand payment for his shares if the merger or consolidation is authorized by the vote; (b) within 20 days following the date on which the merger or consolidation is approved by the shareholders, the constituent company must give written notice to each shareholder who made a written objection; (c) a shareholder must within 20 days following receipt of such notice from the constituent company, give the constituent company a written notice of their intention to dissent including, among other details, a demand for payment of the fair value of their shares; (d) within seven days following the date of the expiration of the period set out in paragraph (b) above or seven days following the date on which the plan of merger or consolidation is filed, whichever is later, the constituent company, the surviving company or the consolidated company must make a written offer to each dissenting shareholder to purchase their shares at a price that the company determines is the fair value and if the company and the shareholder agree the price within 30 days following the date on which the offer was made, the company must pay the shareholder such amount; and (e) if the company and the shareholder fail to agree a price within such 30 day period, within 20 days following the date on which such 30 day period expires, the company must (and any dissenting shareholder may) file a petition with the Cayman Islands Grand Court to determine the fair value and such petition must be accompanied by a list of the names and addresses of the dissenting shareholders with whom agreements as to the fair value of their shares have not been reached by the company. At the hearing of that petition, the court has the power to determine the fair value of the shares together with a fair rate of interest, if any, to be paid by the company upon the amount determined to be the fair value. Any dissenting shareholder whose name appears on the list filed by the company may participate fully in all proceedings until the determination of fair value is reached. These rights of a dissenting shareholder are not available in certain circumstances, for example, to dissenters holding shares of any class in respect of which an open market exists on a recognized stock exchange or recognized interdealer quotation system at the relevant date or where the consideration for such shares to be contributed are shares of any company listed on a national securities exchange or shares of the surviving or consolidated company. 

15 

Moreover, Cayman Islands law has separate statutory provisions that facilitate the reconstruction or amalgamation of companies in certain circumstances, schemes of arrangement will generally be more suited for complex mergers or other transactions involving widely held companies, commonly referred to in the Cayman Islands as a scheme of arrangement which may be tantamount to a merger. In the event that a merger was sought pursuant to a scheme of arrangement (the procedures for which are more rigorous and take longer to complete than the procedures typically required to consummate a merger in the United States), the arrangement in question must be approved by a majority in number of each class of shareholders and creditors with whom the arrangement is to be made and who must in addition represent three-fourths in value of each such class of shareholders or creditors, as the case may be, that are present and voting either in person or by proxy at a meeting, or meeting summoned for that purpose. The convening of the meetings and subsequently the terms of the arrangement must be sanctioned by the Grand Court of the Cayman Islands. While a dissenting shareholder would have the right to express to the court the view that the transaction should not be approved, the court can be expected to approve the arrangement if it satisfies itself that: 

the company is proposing to act illegally or beyond the scope of its corporate authority and the statutory provisions as to a dual majority vote have been complied with; 

the shareholders have been fairly represented at the meeting in question; 

the arrangement is such as a businessman would reasonably approve; and 

the arrangement is not one that would more properly be sanctioned under some other provision of the Companies Act or that would amount to a fraud on the minority. 

If a scheme of arrangement or takeover offer (as described below) is approved, any dissenting shareholder would have no rights comparable to appraisal rights (providing rights to receive payment in cash for the judicially determined value of the shares), which would otherwise ordinarily be available to dissenting shareholders of United States corporations. 

Squeeze-out Provisions 

When a takeover offer is made and accepted by holders of 90 of the shares to whom the offer relates within four months, the offeror may, within a two-month period, require the holders of the remaining shares to transfer such shares on the terms of the offer. An objection can be made to the Grand Court of the Cayman Islands, but this is unlikely to succeed unless there is evidence of fraud, bad faith, collusion or inequitable treatment of the shareholders. 

Further, transactions similar to a merger, reconstruction and/or an amalgamation may in some circumstances be achieved through means other than these statutory provisions, such as a share capital exchange, asset acquisition or control, or through contractual arrangements of an operating business. 

Shareholders Suits 

Our Cayman Islands counsel is not aware of any reported class action having been brought in a Cayman Islands court. Derivative actions have been brought in the Cayman Islands courts, and the Cayman Islands courts have confirmed the availability for such actions. In most cases, we will be the proper plaintiff in any claim based on a breach of duty owed to us, and a claim against (for example) our officers or directors usually may not be brought by a shareholder. However, based both on Cayman Islands authorities and on English authorities, which would in all likelihood be of persuasive authority and be applied by a court in the Cayman Islands, exceptions to the foregoing principle apply in circumstances in which: 

a company is acting, or proposing to act, illegally or beyond the scope of its authority; 

the act complained of, although not beyond the scope of the authority, could be effected if duly authorized by more than the number of votes which have actually been obtained; or 

those who control the company are perpetrating a fraud on the minority. 

16 

A shareholder may have a direct right of action against us where the individual rights of that shareholder have been infringed or are about to be infringed. 

Enforcement of Civil Liabilities 

The Cayman Islands has a different body of securities laws as compared to the United States and provides less protection to investors. Additionally, Cayman Islands companies may not have standing to sue before the Federal courts of the United States. 

We have been advised by our Cayman Islands legal counsel that the courts of the Cayman Islands are unlikely (i) to recognize or enforce against us judgments of courts of the United States predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States or any state; and (ii) in original actions brought in the Cayman Islands, to impose liabilities against us predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States or any state, so far as the liabilities imposed by those provisions are penal in nature. In those circumstances, although there is no statutory enforcement in the Cayman Islands of judgments obtained in the United States, the courts of the Cayman Islands will recognize and enforce a foreign money judgment of a foreign court of competent jurisdiction without retrial on the merits based on the principle that a judgment of a competent foreign court imposes upon the judgment debtor an obligation to pay the sum for which judgment has been given provided certain conditions are met. For a foreign judgment to be enforced in the Cayman Islands, such judgment must be final and conclusive and for a liquidated sum, and must not be in respect of taxes or a fine or penalty, inconsistent with a Cayman Islands judgment in respect of the same matter, impeachable on the grounds of fraud or obtained in a manner, and or be of a kind the enforcement of which is, contrary to natural justice or the public policy of the Cayman Islands (awards of punitive or multiple damages may well be held to be contrary to public policy). A Cayman Islands Court may stay enforcement proceedings if concurrent proceedings are being brought elsewhere. 

Special Considerations for Exempted Companies 

We are an exempted company with limited liability (meaning our public shareholders have no liability, as members of the company, for liabilities of the company over and above the amount paid for their shares) under the Companies Act. The Companies Act distinguishes between ordinary resident companies and exempted companies. Any company that is registered in the Cayman Islands but conducts business mainly outside of the Cayman Islands may apply to be registered as an exempted company. The requirements for an exempted company are essentially the same as for an ordinary company except for certain exemptions and privileges including those listed below: 

annual reporting requirements are minimal and consist mainly of a statement that the company has conducted its operations mainly outside of the Cayman Islands and has complied with the provisions of the Companies Act; 

an exempted company s register of members is not open to inspection and can be kept outside of the Cayman Islands; 

an exempted company does not have to hold an annual shareholder meeting and can be kept outside of the Cayman Islands; 

an exempted company may issue negotiable or bearer shares or shares with no par value; 

an exempted company may obtain an undertaking against the imposition of any future taxation (such undertakings are usually given for 30 years in the first instance); 

an exempted company may register by way of continuation in another jurisdiction and be deregistered in the Cayman Islands; 

an exempted company may register as a limited duration company; and 

an exempted company may register as a segregated portfolio company. 

17 

Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association 

Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association contain provisions designed to provide certain rights and protections that apply to us until the completion of our initial business combination. These provisions cannot be amended without a special resolution under Cayman Islands law as a matter of Cayman Islands law. Other than as described herein, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that special resolutions must be approved either by the affirmative vote at least a two-thirds majority of the votes cast by the holders of the issued shares present in person or represented by proxy at a general meeting of the company and entitled to vote on such matters (i.e., the lowest threshold permissible under Cayman Islands law), or by a unanimous written resolution of all of our shareholders. 

Our initial shareholders and their permitted transferees, if any, who, as of the date of this report, collectively beneficially own 20 of our ordinary shares, will participate in any vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and will have the discretion to vote in any manner they choose. Specifically, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide, among other things, that: 

If we have not consummated an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of our initial public offering, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but no more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes that were paid by us or are payable by us, if any (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses) divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any); and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law; 

Prior to or in connection with our initial business combination, we may not issue additional securities that would entitle the holders thereof to (i) receive funds from the trust account or (ii) vote as a class with our public shares (a) on our initial business combination or on any other proposal presented to shareholders prior to or in connection with the completion of an initial business combination or (b) to approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to (x) extend the time we have to consummate a business combination beyond 24 months from the closing of our initial public offering or (y) amend the foregoing provisions; 

Although we do not intend to enter into a business combination with a target business that is affiliated with our sponsor, our directors or our officers, we are not prohibited from doing so. In the event we enter into such a transaction, we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions that such a business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view; 

Because our shareholders will have the ability to vote on our initial business combination at a shareholder meeting, we expect to conduct redemptions of our public shares in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to Regulation 14A under the Exchange Act. However, under our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, we may also offer to redeem our public shares pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E under the Exchange Act, and will file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination which contain substantially the same financial and other information about our initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A under the Exchange Act; 

18 

So long as our securities are then listed on The NASDAQ Stock Market LLC Nasdaq ), our initial business combination must occur with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the assets held in the trust account (excluding the amount of deferred underwriting discounts held in trust and taxes payable on the income earned on the trust account) at the time of the agreement to enter into the initial business combination; 

If our shareholders approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of our initial public offering or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares or pre-initial business combination activity, we will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their ordinary shares upon such approval at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, if any, divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein; and 

We will not effectuate our initial business combination solely with another blank check company or a similar company with nominal operations. 

In addition, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that under no circumstances will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001. 

The Companies Act permits a company incorporated in the Cayman Islands to amend its memorandum and articles of association with the approval of a special resolution. A company s articles of association may specify that the approval of a higher majority is required but, provided the approval of the required majority is obtained, any Cayman Islands exempted company may amend its memorandum and articles of association regardless of whether its memorandum and articles of association provide otherwise. Accordingly, although we could amend any of the provisions relating to our proposed offering, structure and business plan which are contained in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, we view all of these provisions as binding obligations to our shareholders and neither we, nor our officers or directors, will take any action to amend or waive any of these provisions unless we provide dissenting public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares. 

Anti-Money Laundering, Counter-Terrorist Financing, Prevention of Proliferation Financing and Financial Sanctions Compliance Cayman Islands 

If any person resident in the Cayman Islands knows or suspects, or has reasonable grounds for knowing or suspecting, that another person is engaged in criminal conduct, is involved with terrorism or terrorist property or proliferation financing or is the business combination partner of a financial sanction and the information for that knowledge or suspicion came to their attention in the course of business in the regulated sector or other trade, profession, business or employment, the person will be required to report such knowledge or suspicion to (i) the Financial Reporting Authority of the Cayman Islands, pursuant to the Proceeds of Crime Act (as amended) of the Cayman Islands if the disclosure relates to criminal conduct, money laundering or proliferation financing or is the business combination partner of a financial sanction; or (ii) a police officer of the rank of constable or higher, or the Financial Reporting Authority, pursuant to the Terrorism Act (as amended) of the Cayman Islands, if the disclosure relates to involvement with terrorism or terrorist financing and property. Such a report will not be treated as a breach of confidence or of any restriction upon the disclosure of information imposed by any enactment or otherwise. We reserve the right to refuse to make any payment to a shareholder if our directors or officers suspect or are advised that the payment to such shareholder might result in a breach of applicable anti-money laundering, counter-terrorist financing, prevention of proliferation financing and financial sanctions or other laws or regulations by any person in any relevant jurisdiction, or if such refusal is considered necessary or appropriate to ensure our compliance with any such laws or regulations in any applicable jurisdiction. 

19 

Certain Anti-takeover Provisions of our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association 

Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that our board of directors is classified into three classes of directors. Prior to the completion of our initial business combination, only holders of our founder shares will have the right to vote on the appointment of directors. Holders of our public shares will into be entitled to vote on the appointment of directors during such time. In addition, prior to the completion of an initial business combination, holders of our founder shares may remove a member of the board of the directors for any reason. As a result, in most circumstances, a person can gain control of our board only by successfully engaging in a proxy contest at two or more annual shareholder meetings. 

Our authorized but unissued Class A ordinary shares and preference shares will be available for future issuances without shareholder approval and could be utilized for a variety of corporate purposes, including future offerings to raise additional capital, acquisitions and employee benefit plans. The existence of authorized but unissued and unreserved Class A ordinary shares and preference shares could render more difficult or discourage an attempt to obtain control of us by means of a proxy contest, tender offer, merger or otherwise. 

Choice of Forum 

Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum (a) the federal courts of the United States will have exclusive jurisdiction to hear, settle and/or determine any dispute, controversy or claim arising under the provisions of the Securities Act or the Exchange Act U.S. Actions and (b) except for such U.S. Actions, the courts of the Cayman Islands shall have jurisdiction over any claim or dispute arising out of or in connection with the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association or otherwise related in any way to each shareholder s shareholding in the company, including but not limited to (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of the company; (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any director, officer or other employee of the company to the company or the company s shareholders; (iii) any action asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision of the Companies Act of the Cayman Islands or the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association; or (iv) any action asserting a claim against the company concerning its internal affairs. 

This choice of forum provision may increase a shareholder s cost and limit the shareholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for U.S. Actions or disputes with us or our directors, officers or other employees, which may discourage lawsuits against us and our directors, officers and other employees. There is uncertainty as to whether a court would enforce such provisions, and the enforceability of similar choice of forum provisions in other companies charter documents has been challenged in legal proceedings. 

Securities Eligible for Future Sale 

We have 32,389,224 ordinary shares issued and outstanding on an as-converted basis. Of these shares, 25,911,379 Class A ordinary shares are freely tradable without restriction or further registration under the Securities Act, except for any Class A ordinary shares purchased by one of our affiliates within the meaning of Rule 144 under the Securities Act. All of the outstanding 6,477,845 founder shares and all of the outstanding 6,588,184 private placement warrants are restricted securities under Rule 144, in that they were issued in private transactions not involving a public offering. 

Rule 144 

Pursuant to Rule 144, a person who has beneficially owned restricted shares or warrants for at least six months would be entitled to sell their securities provided that (i) such person is not deemed to have been one of our affiliates at the time of, or at any time during the three months preceding, a sale and (ii) we are subject to the Exchange Act periodic reporting requirements for at least three months before the sale and have filed all required reports under Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the twelve months (or such shorter period as we were required to file reports) preceding the sale. 

20 

Persons who have beneficially owned restricted shares or warrants for at least six months but who are our affiliates at the time of, or at any time during the three months preceding, a sale, would be subject to additional restrictions, by which such person would be entitled to sell within any three-month period only a number of securities that does not exceed the greater of: 

1 of the total number of ordinary shares then-outstanding, which will equal 323,892 shares; or 

the average weekly reported trading volume of the Class A ordinary shares during the four calendar weeks preceding the filing of a notice on Form 144 with respect to the sale. 

Sales by our affiliates under Rule 144 are also limited by manner of sale provisions and notice requirements and to the availability of current public information about us. 

Restrictions on the Use of Rule 144 by Shell Companies or Former Shell Companies Rule 144 is not available for the resale of securities initially issued by shell companies (other than business combination related shell companies) or issuers that have been at any time previously a shell company. However, Rule 144 also includes an important exception to this prohibition if the following conditions are met: 

the issuer of the securities that was formerly a shell company has ceased to be a shell company; 

the issuer of the securities is subject to the reporting requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act; 

the issuer of the securities has filed all Exchange Act reports and material required to be filed, as applicable, during the preceding twelve months (or such shorter period that the issuer was required to file such reports and materials), other than Form 8-K reports; and at least one year has elapsed from the time that the issuer filed current Form 10 type information with the SEC reflecting its status as an entity that is not a shell company. 

As a result, holders of our founder shares and private placement warrants, as applicable, will be able to sell such securities pursuant to Rule 144 without registration one year after we have completed our initial business combination. 

Registration and Shareholder Rights 

The holders of the founder shares, private placement warrants and any warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans (and any Class A ordinary shares issuable upon the exercise of the private placement warrants and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans) are entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration and shareholder rights agreement. The holders of these securities are entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form demands, that we register such securities. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to our completion of our initial business combination. However, the registration and shareholder rights agreement provides that we will not permit any registration statement filed under the Securities Act to become effective until termination of the applicable lockup period, which occurs (i) in the case of the founder shares, as described in the following paragraph, and (ii) in the case of the private placement warrants and the respective Class A ordinary shares underlying such warrants, 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. 

21 

Except as described herein, our sponsor, each member of our management team and our advisors have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell their founder shares until the earliest of (A) one year after the completion of our initial business combination and (B) subsequent to our initial business combination, (x) if the closing price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for share splits, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial business combination, or (y) the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of our public shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. Any permitted transferees will be subject to the same restrictions and other agreements of our sponsor with respect to any founder shares. We refer to such transfer restrictions as the lock-up. 

In addition, pursuant to the registration and shareholder rights agreement, our sponsor, upon and following consummation of an initial business combination, will be entitled to nominate three individuals for election to our board of directors, as long as the sponsor holds any securities covered by the registration and shareholder rights agreement. 

Listing of Securities 

Our units, Class A ordinary shares and warrants are listed on Nasdaq under the symbols PFTAU, PFTA and PFTAW, respectively. The units will automatically separate into their component parts and will not be traded following the completion of our initial business combination. 

22 

</EX-4.5>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 portagefintech_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

EXHIBIT
31.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) 
UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Adam Felesky, certify that: 

1. I
 have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022
 of Portage Fintech Acquisition Corporation; 

2. Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
 omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
 under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
 by this report; 

3. Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this
 report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
 and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
 to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
 registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within
 those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused
such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles; 

c. Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
 in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
 that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
 fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is
 reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
 reporting; and 

5. The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
 evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
 and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
 the equivalent functions): 

a. All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
 over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
 ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
 role in the registrant s internal controls over financial reporting. 

Date:
March 13, 2023 

By: 
 /s/
 Adam Felesky 

Adam
 Felesky 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

(Principal
 Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 portagefintech_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

EXHIBIT
31.2 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) 
UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Ajay Chowdhery, certify that: 

1. I
 have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022
 of Portage Fintech Acquisition Corporation; 

2. Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
 omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
 under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
 by this report; 

3. Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this
 report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
 and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible
for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and
internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
 to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
 registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within
 those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused
such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles; 

c. Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
 in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
 that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
 fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is
 reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
 reporting; and 

5. The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
 evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
 and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
 the equivalent functions): 

a. All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
 over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
 ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
 role in the registrant s internal controls over financial reporting. 

Date:
March 13, 2023 

By: 
 /s/
 Ajay Chowdhery 

Ajay
 Chowdhery 

Chief
 Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer 

(Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 portagefintech_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

EXHIBIT
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 
18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report of Portage Fintech Acquisition Corporation (the Company on Form 10-K for
the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ),
I, Adam Felesky, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge: 

(1) the
 Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities
 Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) the
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial
 condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date:
March 13, 2023 

/s/
 Adam Felesky 

Name: 
 Adam
 Felesky 

Title: 
 Chief
 Executive Officer 

(Principal
 Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 portagefintech_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

EXHIBIT
32.2 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 
18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report of Portage Fintech Acquisition Corporation (the Company on Form 10-K for
the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ),
I, Ajay Chowdhery, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge: 

(1) the
 Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities
 Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) the
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial
 condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date:
March 13, 2023 

/s/
 Ajay Chowdhery 

Name: 
 Ajay
 Chowdhery 

Title: 
 Chief
 Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer 

(Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 pftau-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 pftau-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 pftau-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 pftau-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

