<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230222_10-K_edgar_data_731288_0001564590-23-002204.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>14956835</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>133342</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1211519</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>6240124</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1741952</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>5312133</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001564590-23-002204.hdr.sgml : 20230222
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230222160958
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001564590-23-002204
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		78
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230222
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230222

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			PACCAR FINANCIAL CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000731288
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SHORT-TERM BUSINESS CREDIT INSTITUTIONS [6153]
		IRS NUMBER:				916029712
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			WA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-11677
		FILM NUMBER:		23653192

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		777 106TH AVE N E
		CITY:			BELLEVUE
		STATE:			WA
		ZIP:			98004
		BUSINESS PHONE:		425 468 7525

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		777 106TH AVE NE
		CITY:			BELLEVUE
		STATE:			WA
		ZIP:			98004

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001564590-23-002204.txt : 20230222

10-K
 1
 ck731288-10k_20221231.htm
 10-K

ck731288-10k_20221231.htm

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

 For the fiscal year ended 
 or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

 For transition period from __________ to __________ 
 Commission File No. 
 
 . 
 (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State of incorporation) 

(I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, , 

(Address of principal executive offices) 

(Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including area code is ) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

PCAR26 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. : No: 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes: : 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. : No: 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). : No: 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer , accelerated filer , smaller reporting company , and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive o cers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes: No: 
 The aggregate market value of the voting stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of June 30, 2022: 
 The number of shares outstanding of the registrant s classes of common stock as of January 31, 2023: 
 Common Stock, 100 par value shares 

INDEX 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 
 Business 
 
 3 

Item 1A. 
 
 Risk Factors 
 
 9 

Item 1B. 
 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 12 

Item 2. 
 
 Properties 
 
 12 

Item 3. 
 
 Legal Proceedings 
 
 12 

Item 4. 
 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 12 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 13 

Item 6. 
 
 [Reserved] 
 
 13 

Item 7. 
 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 14 

Item 7A. 
 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 
 22 

Item 8. 
 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 22 

Item 9. 
 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 45 

Item 9A. 
 
 Controls and Procedures 
 
 45 

Item 9B. 
 
 Other Information 
 
 45 

Item 9C. 
 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspection 
 
 45 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 46 

Item 11. 
 
 Executive Compensation 
 
 46 

Item 12. 
 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 46 

Item 13. 
 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 46 

Item 14. 
 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 
 46 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 46 

2 

PACCAR Financial Corp. 
 (Millions of Dollars) 

PART I 

ITEM 1. 
 
 BUSINESS 

 GENERAL 
 PACCAR Financial Corp. 
 PACCAR Financial Corp. (the Company ), a Washington corporation, was incorporated in 1961 as a wholly owned subsidiary of PACCAR Inc PACCAR to finance the sale of PACCAR products. 
 The Company principally provides financing and leasing of PACCAR manufactured trucks and other transportation equipment sold through the Kenworth and Peterbilt independent dealer networks in the United States. The Company also finances dealer inventories of new and used transportation equipment. PACCAR Leasing Company, a division of the Company operating as PacLease , franchises Kenworth and Peterbilt dealerships to engage in full-service and finance leasing. In selected markets, PacLease directly engages in full-service leasing with its customers through Company-owned stores and through Kenworth and Peterbilt dealerships. 
 PACCAR 
 PACCAR is a multinational company operating in three principal industry segments: (1) the Truck segment includes the design, manufacture and distribution of high-quality, light-, medium- and heavy-duty commercial trucks (2) the Parts segment includes the distribution of aftermarket parts for trucks and related commercial vehicles and (3) the Financial Services segment includes finance and leasing products and services provided to customers and dealers. Heavy-duty trucks have a gross vehicle weight (GVW) of over 33,000 lbs (Class 8) in North America and over 16 metric tonnes in Europe and South America. Medium-duty trucks have a GVW ranging from 19,500 to 33,000 lbs (Class 6 to 7) in North America, and in Europe, light- and medium-duty trucks range between 6 and 16 metric tonnes. PACCAR s finance and leasing activities are principally related to PACCAR products and associated equipment. PACCAR s Other business includes the manufacturing and marketing of industrial winches. 
 PACCAR s trucks are marketed under the Kenworth, Peterbilt and DAF nameplates. These trucks, which are built in three plants in the United States, three in Europe and one each in Australia, Brasil, Canada and Mexico, are used worldwide for over-the-road and off-highway hauling of commercial and consumer goods. PACCAR also designs and manufactures diesel engines, primarily for use in PACCAR s trucks, at its facilities in Columbus, Mississippi Eindhoven, the Netherlands and Ponta Grossa, Brasil. PACCAR competes in the North American Class 8 market, primarily with Kenworth and Peterbilt conventional models. These trucks are assembled at facilities in Chillicothe, Ohio Denton, Texas Renton, Washington and Mexicali, Mexico. PACCAR also competes in the North American Class 6 to 7 markets primarily with Kenworth and Peterbilt conventional models. These trucks are assembled at facilities in Ste. Therese, Canada Denton, Texas and Mexicali, Mexico. PACCAR competes in the European light/medium market with DAF cab-over-engine (COE) trucks assembled in the United Kingdom (U.K.) by Leyland, one of PACCAR s wholly owned subsidiaries, and participates in the European heavy market with DAF COE trucks assembled in the Netherlands and the U.K. PACCAR competes in the Brazilian heavy truck market with DAF COE models assembled at Ponta Grossa in the state of Paran , Brasil. PACCAR competes in the Australian medium and heavy truck markets with Kenworth conventional and COE models and certain DAF COE models assembled at its facility at Bayswater in the state of Victoria, Australia, and DAF COE models primarily assembled in the U.K. Commercial truck manufacturing comprises the largest segment of PACCAR s business and accounted for 75 of total 2022 net sales and revenues. 
 Substantially all trucks are sold to independent dealers. The Kenworth and Peterbilt nameplates are marketed and distributed by separate divisions in the U.S. and a foreign subsidiary in Canada. The Kenworth nameplate is also marketed and distributed by foreign subsidiaries in Mexico and Australia. The DAF nameplate is marketed and distributed worldwide by a foreign subsidiary headquartered in the Netherlands and is also marketed and distributed by foreign subsidiaries in Brasil and Australia. The decision to operate as a subsidiary or as a division is incidental to PACCAR s Truck segment operations and reflects legal, tax and regulatory requirements in the various countries where PACCAR operates. 
 There are four principal competitors in the U.S. and Canada commercial truck market. PACCAR s share of the U.S. and Canadian Class 8 market was 29.8 of retail sales in 2022, and PACCAR s medium-duty market share was 10.9 . In Europe, there are six principal competitors in the commercial truck market, including parent companies to the four competitors of PACCAR in the U.S. In 2022, DAF had a 17.3 share of the European heavy-duty market and a 9.7 share of the light/medium duty market. These markets 
 3 

PACCAR Financial Corp. 
 (Millions of Dollars) 
 
 are highly competitive in price, quality and service. PACCAR is not dependent on any single customer for its sales. There are no significant seasonal variations in sales. 
 Aftermarket truck parts are sold and delivered to PACCAR s independent dealers through PACCAR s 18 strategically located parts distribution centers (PDCs) in the U.S., Canada, Europe, Australia, Mexico and Central and South America. Parts are primarily purchased from various suppliers and also manufactured by PACCAR. Aftermarket parts inventory levels are determined largely by anticipated customer demand and the need for timely delivery. The Parts segment accounted for 20 of total 2022 net sales and revenues. 
 In addition to the Company, which provides financing, leasing and full-service truck leasing in the United States, PACCAR offers similar financing programs for PACCAR products in Canada, Mexico, Australia, Europe and South America through other wholly owned finance subsidiaries. PACCAR also conducts full-service leasing operations through wholly owned subsidiaries in Canada, Mexico, Germany and Australia. 
 PACCAR s common stock is traded on the NASDAQ Stock Market under the symbol PCAR. PACCAR and the Company are subject to the informational requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and, in accordance therewith, file reports and other information with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission ). All reports, proxy statements and other information filed by PACCAR and the Company with the Commission may be inspected and copied at the public reference facility maintained by the Commission at 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549 or through the Commission s internet site at www.sec.gov. 
 BUSINESS OF THE COMPANY 
 The Company operates primarily in the industry segment of finance and leasing services provided to customers and dealers in the United States for new Kenworth and Peterbilt trucks, used trucks, truck trailers and allied equipment. The Company s PacLease division franchises Kenworth and Peterbilt dealerships to engage in full-service and finance leasing. In selected markets, PacLease directly engages in full-service leasing with its customers through Company-owned stores and on a limited basis through Kenworth and Peterbilt dealerships. 
 The Company conducts business with most Kenworth and Peterbilt dealers in the United States. The volume of the Company s business is significantly affected by PACCAR s sales of trucks to its dealers and competition from other financing sources. 
 The Company is primarily responsible for managing the sales of used trucks in the United States. The Company sells used trucks returned from matured operating leases in the ordinary course of business and trucks acquired from repossessions. The Company also obtains used trucks from Kenworth and Peterbilt in trades related to new truck sales. Certain gains and losses from the sale of used trucks are shared with Kenworth and Peterbilt. The Company records revenue on the sale of used trucks received in trade. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company employed 349 full-time employees, none of whom are represented by a collective bargaining agent. 
 Human Capital Management 
 
 The Company is committed to a strong, diverse and inclusive culture and the company s excellent financial results reflect its human centered philosophy. The Company s employees have access to robust benefit packages, comprehensive training programs, tuition assistance and a work environment that promotes safety and diversity. 
 
 The Company s benefit packages support employee physical, emotional and financial well-being. Employee satisfaction and engagement are measured through periodic surveys. Employee training and development programs are extensive and comprehensive, including professional and technical skills training, compliance training, leadership development and management training. The Company has diversity councils that set goals to enhance business success through diverse and inclusive workplaces. 
 
 Safety is a key priority at the Company s facilities. The Company s managers continuously address safety enhancements provide regular and ongoing safety training and use displays located in facilities to provide all employees with safety-related information. 
 4 

PACCAR Financial Corp. 
 (Millions of Dollars) 
 
 Environmental and Sustainability Leadership 
 The Company s environmental management system and policy are aligned with PACCAR s overall commitment to the environment as an integral part of the continuous improvement process. Refer to Part I, Item 1 in PACCAR s 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K for further discussion on PACCAR s environmental and sustainability leadership. 
 THE COMPANY S PRODUCTS 
 The Company offers the following products to retail customers: 
 Retail Contracts and Loans 
 The Company purchases retail installment contracts from dealers and receives assignments of the contracts and a first lien security interest in the vehicles financed Retail Contracts ). Certain Retail Contracts with third party leasing companies may also include an assignment to the Company of the related lease and rental payments due. Retail Contracts purchased by the Company have fixed or floating interest rates. 
 The Company also makes loans to the end users of the vehicles financed that are secured by a first lien security interest in the vehicles. These loans have fixed or floating interest rates. 
 Financing Leases 
 The Company offers financing lease contracts where it is treated as the owner of the equipment for tax purposes and generally retains the tax depreciation Financing Leases ). The lessee is responsible for the payment of property and sales taxes, licenses, maintenance and other operating costs. 
 The lessee is obligated to maintain the equipment and to insure the equipment against physical damage and liability losses. 
 Most of the Company s Financing Leases contain a Terminal Rental Adjustment Clause, which requires the lessee to guarantee to the Company a stated residual value upon disposition of the equipment at the end of the financing lease term. 
 Operating Leases 
 The Company offers operating lease contracts Operating Leases where the Company owns the equipment. The lessee is responsible for the payment of property and sales taxes, licenses, maintenance and other operating costs. The lessee is obligated to maintain the equipment and to insure the equipment against physical damage and liability losses. 
 At the end of the operating lease term, the lessee has the option to return the equipment to the Company or purchase the equipment at its fair market value. 
 The Company offers the following products to Kenworth and Peterbilt dealers and PacLease franchisees: 
 Master Notes 
 Master note contracts Master Notes are offered to select dealers for new and used trucks. For some Master Notes, retail installment contracts originated by the dealer for new or used trucks which meet the Company s requirements as to form, terms and creditworthiness for Retail Contracts are pledged to the Company as collateral for direct, full recourse loans by the Company to the dealer. For other Master Notes, specified trucks in the dealer s lease and rental inventory, together with the associated lease and rental contracts between the dealer and its customers, are pledged as collateral. The dealer may pay the loans early or make additional draws up to a specified percentage of the value of the contracts and/or vehicles pledged to the Company. Master Notes have fixed or floating interest rates. 
 5 

PACCAR Financial Corp. 
 (Millions of Dollars) 
 
 Wholesale Contracts 
 The Company provides wholesale financing for new and used truck inventories for dealers Wholesale Contracts ). Wholesale Contracts are secured by the inventories financed. The amount of credit extended by the Company for each truck is generally limited to the invoice price of new equipment and to the wholesale value of used equipment. Wholesale Contracts have floating interest rates. 
 Dealer Loans 
 The Company makes secured loans to selected Kenworth and Peterbilt dealers Dealer Loans ). The purpose of these loans includes the financing of real estate, fixed assets, working capital and dealership acquisitions. Dealer Loans have fixed or floating interest rates. 
 Full-Service Leasing 
 The Company also conducts full-service leasing operations under the PacLease trade name. Selected dealers are franchised to provide full-service leasing, which includes the equipment, maintenance, parts, taxes and licenses in one combined contract with the customer. The Company provides the franchisees with equipment financing and managerial support. The Company also operates full-service lease outlets in selected markets. 
 Insurance 
 The Company offers insurance coverage through an unrelated regulated insurance carrier for a fee on new trucks and used trucks inventory to dealers that have Wholesale Contracts with the Company. 
 CUSTOMER CONCENTRATION, PAST DUE ACCOUNTS AND LOSS EXPERIENCE 
 Customer Concentration 
 The Company s customers are principally concentrated in the transportation industry in the United States. The Company s portfolio assets are diversified over a large number of customers and dealers with no single customer or dealer balance representing over 10 of the total portfolio assets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. There is no single customer or dealer representing over 10 of Interest and other revenues for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 Past Due Receivables and Allowance for Credit Losses 
 An account is considered past due by the Company if any portion of an installment is due and unpaid for more than 30 days. In periods of adverse economic conditions, past due levels, repossessions and credit losses generally increase. 
 The provision for losses on finance and other receivables is charged to income as necessary to reflect management s estimate of expected credit losses, net of recoveries, inherent in the portfolio. Receivables are charged off against the allowance for credit losses when, in the judgment of management, they are considered uncollectible (generally upon repossession of the collateral). 
 For further discussion of the allowance for credit losses, see Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 COMPETITION AND ECONOMIC FACTORS 
 The commercial truck and trailer finance and leasing business is highly competitive among banks, commercial finance companies, captive finance companies and leasing companies. Some of these institutions have substantially greater financial resources than the Company and may borrow funds at lower rates. 
 The dealers are the primary source of contracts acquired by the Company. Dealers are not required to obtain financing from the Company and they have a variety of other sources that may be used for wholesale and customer financing of trucks. Retail purchasers also have a variety of sources available to finance truck purchases. 
 6 

PACCAR Financial Corp. 
 (Millions of Dollars) 
 
 The ability of the Company to compete in its market is principally based on the rates, terms and conditions that the Company offers dealers and retail purchasers, as well as the specialized services it provides. Rates, terms and conditions are based on the Company s desire to provide flexible financing and services to satisfy dealer and customer needs, the ability of the Company to borrow funds at competitive rates and the Company s need to earn an adequate return on its invested capital. The Company s business is also affected by changes in market interest rates and used truck values, which in turn are related to general economic conditions, demand for credit, inflation and governmental policies. Seasonality is not a significant factor in the Company s business. 
 The volume of receivables available to be acquired by the Company from dealers is largely dependent upon the number of Kenworth and Peterbilt trucks sold in the United States. Sales of medium- and heavy-duty trucks depend on the capital equipment requirements of the transportation industry, which are influenced by growth and cyclical variations in the economy. Medium- and heavy-duty truck sales are also sensitive to economic factors such as fuel costs, interest rates, insurance premiums, federal excise and highway use taxes, taxation on the acquisition and use of capital goods, as well as government regulations. 
 REGULATION AND SIMILAR MATTERS 
 In certain states, the Company is subject to retail installment sales or installment loan statutes and related regulations, the terms of which vary from state to state. These laws may require the Company to be licensed as a sales finance company and may regulate disclosure of finance charges and other terms of retail installment contracts. The Company is subject to substantive state franchise regulations and federal and state uniform franchise disclosure laws in connection with the offering of PacLease full-service truck leasing and rental franchises to Kenworth and Peterbilt truck dealers. The Company owns and operates several truck leasing and rental business locations, which are subject to applicable state licensing laws. The Company is also subject to certain provisions of federal law relating to non-discrimination in the granting of credit. 
 SOURCES OF FUNDS 
 The Company s primary sources of funds are medium-term note borrowings and commercial paper proceeds in the public capital markets, collections on loans and leases, retained earnings and to a lesser extent borrowings from PACCAR, bank loans and capital contributions. The Company s investment in additional receivables is dependent upon its ability to raise funds at competitive rates in the public and private debt markets. The receivables and leases that are financed are either fixed rate or floating rate with terms that generally range from 36 to 60 months. 
 To reduce the risk of changes in interest rates that could affect interest margins, the Company obtains funding with interest rate characteristics similar to the corresponding assets. Fixed rate assets are primarily funded with fixed and floating rate medium-term notes and commercial paper. Floating rate assets are funded primarily with commercial paper with maturities of three months or less and floating rate medium-term notes. Interest-rate swaps may be combined with commercial paper or medium-term notes to achieve the Company s matched funding objectives. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the total notional amount of interest-rate swap contracts outstanding was 604.0. These swap contracts are accounted for as cash flow or fair value hedges. 
 The notional amounts are used to measure the volume of these contracts and do not represent exposure to credit loss. The permitted types of interest-rate swap contracts, counterparties transaction limits and related approval authorizations have been established by the Company s senior management and Board of Directors. The interest-rate contracts outstanding are regularly reported to, and reviewed by, the Company s senior management. 
 The Company periodically registers debt securities under the Securities Act of 1933 for offering to the public. In November 2021, the Company filed a shelf registration statement to issue medium-term notes. In January 2023, the Company issued 300.0 of medium-term notes under this registration. The shelf registration statement expires in November 2024 and does not limit the principal amount of debt securities that may be issued during the period. The total principal amount of medium-term notes outstanding for the Company as of December 31, 2022 was 5,850.0. See Note G Borrowings in the Notes to the Financial Statements for further information on the Company s medium-term notes. 
 The Company participated with PACCAR and certain other PACCAR affiliates in committed bank facilities of 3,000.0 at December 31, 2022. Of this amount, 1,000.0 expires in June 2023, 1,000.0 expires in June 2025 and 1,000.0 expires in June 2027. 
 7 

PACCAR Financial Corp. 
 (Millions of Dollars) 
 
 PACCAR and the Company intend to replace these credit facilities on or before expiration with facilities of similar amounts and duration. 
 Of the 3,000.0 credit facilities, 2,268.0 is available for use by the Company and/or PACCAR and other non-U.S. PACCAR financial subsidiaries. The remaining 732.0 is allocated to PACCAR and other non-U.S. PACCAR financial subsidiaries. These credit facilities are used to provide backup liquidity for the Company s commercial paper and maturing medium-term notes. The Company is liable only for its own borrowings under these credit facilities. There were no borrowings under these credit facilities in 2022. 
 RELATIONSHIP WITH PACCAR AND AFFILIATES 
 General 
 The operations of the Company are dependent on its relationship with PACCAR. Sales of PACCAR products are the Company s principal source of its financing business. The Company receives administrative support from and pays dividends to its parent company and periodically borrows funds from or lends money to PACCAR and/or its affiliates. The Company s principal office is located in the corporate headquarters building of PACCAR (owned by PACCAR). 
 The Company also leases office space from five facilities leased by PACCAR. Since the directors of the Company are all executives of PACCAR and PACCAR is the sole owner of the Company s outstanding voting common stock, PACCAR can determine the course of the Company s business. 
 Periodically, the Company makes loans to, borrows from and has intercompany transactions with PACCAR. The Company had 1,261.0 and 1,151.0 outstanding in loans due from PACCAR as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. In addition, the Company periodically loans funds to certain foreign finance and leasing affiliates of PACCAR. The Company had 627.0 and 275.0 outstanding in loans due from foreign finance affiliates of PACCAR as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. These affiliates have Support Agreements with PACCAR, similar to the Company s Support Agreement with PACCAR described below. The foreign affiliates operate in the U.K., the Netherlands, Mexico, Canada, Australia and Brasil. Loans to these foreign affiliates during 2022 and 2021 were denominated in United States dollars. The foreign affiliates primarily provide financing and leasing of PACCAR manufactured trucks and related equipment sold through the DAF, Kenworth and Peterbilt independent dealer networks in Europe, Mexico, Canada, Australia and Brasil. The Company will not make loans to the foreign affiliates in excess of the equivalent of 750.0 United States dollars, unless the amount in excess of such limit is guaranteed by PACCAR. The Company periodically reviews the funding alternatives for these affiliates, and these limits may be revised in the future. 
 PACCAR charges the Company for certain administrative services it provides. These costs were charged to the Company based upon the Company s use of the services and PACCAR s cost. See Note D Transactions with PACCAR and Affiliates in the Notes to the Financial Statements. 
 Support Agreement 
 The Company and PACCAR are parties to a Support Agreement that obligates PACCAR to provide, when required, financial assistance to the Company to ensure that the Company maintains a ratio of earnings to fixed charges (as defined in the Support Agreement) of at least 1.25 to 1 for any fiscal year. The required ratio for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was met without assistance. The Support Agreement also requires PACCAR to own, directly or indirectly, all outstanding voting stock of the Company. See Note D Transactions with PACCAR and Affiliates in the Notes to the Financial Statements. 
 8 

PACCAR Financial Corp. 
 (Millions of Dollars) 
 
 The Company and PACCAR may amend or terminate any or all of the provisions of the Support Agreement upon 30 days notice, with copies of the notice being sent to all nationally recognized statistical rating organizations NRSROs which have issued ratings with respect to debt of the Company Rated Debt ). Such amendment or termination will be effective only if (i) two NRSROs confirm in writing that their ratings with respect to any Rated Debt would remain the same after such amendment or termination, or (ii) the notice of amendment or termination provides that the Support Agreement will continue in effect with respect to Rated Debt outstanding on the effective date of such amendment or termination unless such debt has been paid or defeased pursuant to the indenture or other agreement applicable to such debt, or (iii) the holders of at least two-thirds of the aggregate principal amount of all outstanding Rated Debt with an original maturity in excess of 270 days consent in writing to such amendment or termination, provided that the holders of Rated Debt having an original maturity of 270 days or less shall continue to have the benefits of the Support Agreement until the maturity of such debt. 
 The Support Agreement expressly states that PACCAR s commitments to the Company thereunder do not constitute a PACCAR guarantee of payment of any indebtedness or liability of the Company to others and do not create rights against PACCAR in favor of persons other than the Company. There are no guarantees, direct or indirect, by PACCAR of payment of any indebtedness of the Company. 
 OTHER DISCLOSURES 
 The Company s filings on Forms 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K and any amendments to those reports can be obtained through a link on the Company s website, www.paccarfinancial.com, or PACCAR s website, www.paccar.com, free of charge as soon as reasonably practicable after the report is electronically filed with, or furnished to, the Commission. The information on the websites is not incorporated by reference into this report. 

ITEM 1A. 
 
 RISK FACTORS 

 The Company is exposed to certain risks and uncertainties that could have a material adverse impact to the Company s financial condition and operating results, including: 
 Business and Industry Risks 
 Sales of PACCAR Products 
 The Company s business is substantially dependent upon the sale of PACCAR products and its ability to offer competitive financing in the United States. Changes in the volume of sales of PACCAR products due to a variety of reasons could impact the level of business of the Company. Refer to the Relationship with PACCAR and Affiliates section in Item 1. Business and Note D Transactions with PACCAR and Affiliates in the Notes to the Financial Statements for further discussion regarding the Company s relationship with PACCAR. 
 Production Costs, Capacity and Inflation 
 PACCAR s products are exposed to variability in material and commodity costs. Commodity or component price increases, cost pressures due to inflation, significant shortages of component products and labor availability may adversely impact PACCAR s production capacity, resulting in lower truck financing volume for the Company. Many of PACCAR s suppliers also supply automotive manufacturers, and factors that adversely affect the automotive industry can also have adverse effects on these suppliers, PACCAR and the Company. Supplier delivery performance can be adversely affected if increased demand for these suppliers products exceeds their production capacity. PACCAR has been affected by an industry-wide undersupply of component parts and anticipates the shortages may continue to affect deliveries into 2023. 
 Unexpected events, including natural disasters, extreme weather events, or pandemics, may increase PACCAR s cost of doing business or disrupt PACCAR s or its suppliers operations. The likelihood or severity of these unexpected events may increase due to the effects of climate change. 
 9 

PACCAR Financial Corp. 
 (Millions of Dollars) 
 
 Transition Risks Related to Climate Change 
 PACCAR has ongoing product development programs intended to address changing customer demand in the context of climate change and achieve its targeted reductions in emissions. These involve the continuing development of compliant clean diesel powertrains and the design, manufacture, and sale of alternative powertrain commercial vehicles (e.g., battery-electric, hybrid, hydrogen fuel cell, and hydrogen combustion). The pace of transition from diesel combustion to alternative powertrain commercial vehicles is highly uncertain and will be influenced by various factors. Refer to Part I, Item 1A in PACCAR s 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K for further discussion. 
 PACCAR believes its current strategies, programs and resources are sufficient to address changes in customer demand in the context of climate change and to meet its emissions reduction targets. If PACCAR is not successful in addressing the risks noted above, there may be a material adverse impact on its business, operations and financial condition of PACCAR or the Company. 
 Liquidity Risks, Credit Ratings and Costs of Funds 
 Disruptions or volatility in U.S. financial markets could limit the Company s sources of liquidity, or the liquidity of customers and dealers. A lowering of the Company s credit ratings could increase the cost of borrowing and adversely affect access to capital markets. The Company obtains funds for its operations from commercial paper and medium-term note debt. If the markets for commercial paper and medium-term notes do not provide the necessary liquidity in the future, the Company may experience increased costs or may have to limit its financing of retail and wholesale assets. 
 Competitive Risk 
 The Company competes with banks, other commercial finance companies and financial services firms which may have lower costs of borrowing, higher leverage or market share goals that result in a willingness to offer lower interest rates, which may lead to decreased margins, lower market share or both for the Company. 
 Credit Risk 
 The Company is exposed to the risk of loss arising from the failure of a customer, dealer or counterparty to meet the terms of the loans, leases and derivative contracts with the Company. Although most of the financial assets of the Company are secured by underlying equipment collateral, in the event a customer cannot meet its obligations to the Company, there is a risk the value of the underlying collateral will not be sufficient to recover the amounts owed to the Company, resulting in credit losses. 
 Interest-Rate Risk 
 The Company is subject to interest-rate risks, because increases in interest rates could reduce demand for its products, increase borrowing costs and potentially reduce interest margins. The Company uses derivative contracts to match the interest rate characteristics of its debt to the interest rate characteristics of its finance receivables in order to mitigate the risk of changing interest rates. 
 Substantially all of the Company s finance contracts which used to reference LIBOR (London Inter-Bank Offered Rate), including dealer wholesale financing contracts, retail loan and lease contracts, medium term notes, hedging instruments and line of credit arrangements, have been transitioned to alternative benchmark rates. 
 Changes to other benchmark interest rates will have an uncertain impact on finance receivables and other financial obligations, the Company s future cost of funds and/or access to capital markets. The Company will attempt to minimize the impact of differences between the current and replacement benchmark rates through pricing adjustments on the financing provided by the Company, but it is not certain the Company will be able to do so. The Company does not expect the cessation of LIBOR or the anticipated changes to other benchmark rates will have a material impact on the results of operations. 
 Residual Value Risk 
 Residual value risk is the risk that the estimated residual value of leased assets, established at lease origination for the Company s operating leases and certain finance leases, will not be recoverable when the leased asset is returned to the Company. When the market value of these leased assets at contract maturity or at early termination is less than its contractual residual value, the Company will be exposed to a greater risk of loss on the sales of the returned equipment. Refer to the Critical Accounting Policy on Operating Leases in Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations for further discussion regarding the Company s exposure to residual value risk. 
 10 

PACCAR Financial Corp. 
 (Millions of Dollars) 
 
 Information Technology 
 The Company relies on information technology systems and networks, some of which are managed by third parties, to process, transmit and store electronic information, and to manage or support a variety of its business processes and activities. Some of PACCAR s products include telematics which provide over-the-air software updates, advanced fleet management tools and real-time data analytics on driver and vehicle performance. These computer systems and networks may be subject to disruptions during the process of upgrading or replacing software, databases or components power outages hardware failures computer viruses or outside parties attempting to disrupt the Company s business or gain unauthorized access to the Company s electronic data. The Company maintains and continues to invest in protections to guard against such events. Examples of these protections include conducting third-party penetration tests, implementing software detection and prevention tools, event monitoring, and disaster recoverability. Additionally, the Company maintains a cybersecurity insurance policy. Despite these safeguards, there remains a risk of system disruptions, unauthorized access and data loss. 
 The Company has not experienced any notable security incidents that would have a material impact on the results of operations and financial condition of the Company. Certain dealers and suppliers have experienced cyberattacks and those have not caused any material impact to PACCAR or the Company. If the Company s computer systems were to be damaged, disrupted or breached, it could impact data availability and integrity, result in a theft of the Company s intellectual property or lead to unauthorized disclosure of confidential information of the Company s customers, suppliers and employees. Security breaches could also result in a violation of U.S. and international privacy and other laws and subject the Company to various litigations and governmental proceedings. These events could have an adverse impact on the Company s results of operations and financial condition, damage its reputation, disrupt operations and negatively impact competitiveness in the marketplace. 
 Political, Regulatory and Economic Risks 
 Conflict in Ukraine 
 In accordance with international sanctions, in February 2022 PACCAR suspended truck and parts sales to Russia and Belarus. The conflict may affect energy supplies in Europe. If the availability of energy in Europe is severely constrained, truck delivery volumes could be impacted. PACCAR continues to monitor the situation closely. The conflict has not had a significant impact on the results of operations or cash flows of PACCAR or the Company. The potential future impact on PACCAR and the Company s business will depend on further developments, including the severity and duration of the conflict and its effect on global economic conditions. 
 COVID-19 Pandemic 
 The effects of the COVID-19 pandemic decreased over the course of 2022 but still caused disruptions to the global supply chain, in particular the undersupply of component parts and semiconductor chips. A recurrence of a severe COVID-19 strain could cause industry capacity constraints on suppliers and localized outbreaks of COVID-19 may necessitate PACCAR facility slowdowns or shutdowns. These and other unforeseen pandemic related factors could impact the Company s business and results of operations. 
 Emissions Requirements and Reduction Targets 
 PACCAR s operations and products are subject to extensive statutory and regulatory requirements governing greenhouse gas and non-greenhouse gas emissions. These include standards imposed by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA), the European Union, U.S. state regulatory agencies (such as the California Air Resources Board), regulatory agencies in other international markets where the Company operates, and non-binding international accords related to climate change. The primary laws and regulations are the EPA s Greenhouse Gas Emissions Standards and Fuel Efficiency Standards for Medium and Heavy-Duty Engines and Vehicles, the Regulation of the European Parliament and of the Council on the Monitoring and Reporting of CO2 Emissions from Fuel Consumption of New Heavy-Duty Vehicles, and the Heavy-Duty Omnibus Regulation of the California Air Resources Board. PACCAR established its science-based greenhouse gas emission reduction targets to meet the goals of the Paris Agreement. PACCAR continually monitors developments in emissions and climate change-related laws and regulations in the markets in which PACCAR conducts business. 
 
 PACCAR s product planning through 2030 is aligned with these statutory and regulatory requirements and uses a climate change scenario analysis to limit global warming to below 2 C. Even without legislation to reduce greenhouse gas emissions, PACCAR expects to continue to significantly invest in technologies to improve fuel efficiency for its customers, which would also reduce greenhouse gas emissions. 
 11 

PACCAR Financial Corp. 
 (Millions of Dollars) 
 
 PACCAR expects that climate change-related laws, regulations and international accords will continue to evolve. The Company cannot reasonably predict whether future laws, regulations and international accords could materially increase its environmental compliance costs, alter its product development strategy, or impact its business, financial condition or results of operations of PACCAR or the Company. 
 Litigation and Regulatory Actions 
 On July 19, 2016, the European Commission (EC) concluded its investigation of all major European truck manufacturers and reached a settlement with DAF Trucks N.V., its subsidiary DAF Trucks Deutschland GmbH (collectively, DAF and PACCAR Inc as their parent. Following the settlement, certain EC-related claims and lawsuits have been filed in various jurisdictions primarily in Europe against all major European truck manufacturers including PACCAR Inc and DAF. These claims and lawsuits include a number of collective proceedings, including a class action in the U.K., alleging EC-related claims and seeking monetary damages. In certain jurisdictions, the limitations period has not yet expired and additional claimants may bring EC-related claims and lawsuits against PACCAR Inc or its subsidiaries. 
 The legal proceedings are continuing to move through the court systems in the various jurisdictions with some larger cases awaiting judgment in 2023 and others scheduled for trial in upcoming years. On February 7, 2023, the Competition Appeal Tribunal in the U.K. issued a judgment awarding the claimants monetary damages. The amount of the judgment is not material to PACCAR Inc s business, financial condition or results of operations. PACCAR Inc is evaluating its options, including an appeal. While PACCAR Inc believes it has meritorious defenses to all EC-related claims and lawsuits, the final disposition of all such claims and lawsuits will likely take a significant period of time to resolve and the final outcomes are highly uncertain. Considering the complexity of the claims and the different stages of the proceedings in a variety of jurisdictions, including the recent judgment in the U.K., PACCAR Inc cannot at this time reasonably estimate a range of loss that may result. Adverse final decisions involving significant numbers of DAF truck sales could have a material impact on PACCAR Inc s results of operations and cash flows. 
 Accounting Estimates 
 In the preparation of the Company s financial statements, in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, management uses estimates and makes judgments and assumptions that affect asset and liability values and the amounts reported as income and expense during the periods presented. Certain of these estimates, judgments and assumptions, such as residual values on operating leases, the allowance for credit losses and the provision for income taxes, are particularly sensitive. If actual results are different from estimates used by management, they may have a material impact on the financial statements. 
 
 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVE D STAFF COMMENTS 
 Not applicable. 

ITEM 2. 
 
 PROPERTIES 

 The Company s principal office is located in the corporate headquarters building of PACCAR (owned by PACCAR) at 777 106th Avenue N.E., Bellevue, Washington 98004. The Company owns two full-service leasing facilities in Texas. The Company owns used truck sales facilities in South Carolina, Illinois, Texas and Utah, and leases one facility in California. 
 Other offices and leasing facilities of the Company are located in premises leased by PACCAR. The Company considers all its properties to be suitable for their intended purpose. Annual lease rentals for these premises in the aggregate are not material in relation to expenses as a whole. 

ITEM 3. 
 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

 Refer to the Company s risk factors (Part I, Item 1A) and Note K Commitments and Contingencies in the Notes to Financial Statements (Part II, Item 8) for discussion on litigation matters, which is incorporated by reference herein. 

ITEM 4. 
 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

 Not applicable. 
 12 

PACCAR Financial Corp. 
 (Millions of Dollars) 
 
 PART II 

ITEM 5. 
 
 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

 All outstanding common stock is owned by PACCAR therefore, there is no trading market in the Company s common stock. 

ITEM 6. 
 
 [Reserved] 

 13 

PACCAR Financial Corp. 
 (Millions of Dollars) 

ITEM 7. 
 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Results of Operations 
 The Company s results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 are presented below. For information on the year ended December 31, 2020 refer to Part II, Item 7 in the 2021 Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Year ended December 31 

2022 

2021 

Change 

New business volume by product: 

Retail loans and finance leases 

2,570.7 

2,643.1 

(3 

Equipment on operating leases 

312.9 

235.0 

33 

Dealer master notes 

205.0 

165.4 

24 

3,088.6 

3,043.5 

1 

New loan and lease unit volume: 

Retail loans and finance leases 

18,100 

21,300 

(15 

Equipment on operating leases 

3,100 

2,300 

35 

21,200 

23,600 

(10 

Average earning assets by product: 

Retail loans and finance leases 

5,752.9 

5,735.8 

Dealer wholesale financing 

943.1 

851.3 

11 

Dealer master notes 

379.3 

179.2 

112 

Average finance receivables 

7,075.3 

6,766.3 

5 

Equipment on operating leases 

1,007.6 

1,177.4 

(14 

8,082.9 

7,943.7 

2 

Revenue by product: 

Retail loans and finance leases 

275.4 

275.1 

Equipment on operating leases 

306.1 

333.8 

(8 

Dealer wholesale financing 

25.2 

14.3 

76 

Dealer master notes 

11.3 

4.6 

146 

Used truck sales, other revenues and fees 

24.9 

88.2 

(72 

642.9 

716.0 

(10 

Income before income taxes 

259.9 

196.3 

32 

New Business Volume 
 New business volume increased to 3,088.6 in 2022 from 3,043.5 in 2021, primarily due to higher retail sales of PACCAR trucks and a higher amount financed per truck, partially offset by lower finance market share in 2022. The decrease in retail loans and finance leases new business volume and increase in equipment on operating leases new business volume reflected lower retail financing and higher fleet business in 2022. Dealer master notes new business volume increased to 205.0 in 2022 from 165.4 in 2021 due to increased finance volume from dealers. 
 Market share on financing of new PACCAR trucks was 21.3 in 2022 compared to 23.2 in 2021. 
 The Company has programs to assign new lease and loan contracts to third parties to generate new business and to limit the risk of portfolio concentration with certain large customers. These transactions are accounted for as sales of the related retail loans, finance leases, or equipment on operating leases, and are excluded from new business volume. The Company sold retail loans and finance leases with a book value of 59.5 and 49.9 in 2022 and 2021, and received cash proceeds of 63.2 and 53.2 in 2022 and 2021, respectively. In 2022, the Company sold equipment under operating leases with a book value of .3 and received cash proceeds of .3. The Company had no sales of equipment under operating leases in 2021. The Company retains servicing responsibilities for these retail loans and leases, and fees received for servicing are deferred and recognized over the contract term. 
 14 

PACCAR Financial Corp. 
 (Millions of Dollars) 
 
 Revenues 
 The Company s revenues decreased to 642.9 in 2022 from 716.0 in 2021, primarily driven by lower unit volumes of used truck sales, partially offset by higher used truck market prices. 
 Income Before Income Taxes 
 The Company s income before income taxes was 259.9 in 2022 compared to 196.3 in 2021. The increase in income before income taxes in 2022 was primarily the result of higher operating lease margin of 61.4, higher finance margin of 3.7 and lower provision for losses of 2.5, partially offset by higher selling, general and administrative expenses (SG&A) of 3.4. 
 Included in Other assets on the Company s Balance Sheets are used trucks held for sale, net of impairments, of 63.3 at December 31, 2022 and 44.4 at December 31, 2021. These trucks are primarily units returned from matured operating leases in the ordinary course of business, and also include trucks acquired from repossessions or through acquisitions of used trucks in trades related to new truck sales. 
 The Company recognized gains of 61.8 on used trucks, excluding repossessions, in 2022 compared to gains of 7.3 in 2021, (which included losses on multiple unit transactions of 11.7 in 2021). Used truck gains related to repossessions, which are recognized as credit recoveries were .2 and 1.0 in 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Revenue and Expenses 
 The major factors for the changes in interest and fee income, interest and other borrowing costs and finance margin in 2022 compared to 2021 are summarized below: 

Interest and 

Interest and 

Other Borrowing 

Finance 

Fee Income 

Costs 

Margin 

2021 

300.5 

124.5 

176.0 

Increase (decrease) 

Average finance receivables 

12.6 

12.6 

Average receivables from PACCAR and affiliates 

.3 

.3 

Average debt balances 

3.2 

(3.2 

Yields 

5.1 

5.1 

Borrowing rates 

11.1 

(11.1 

Total increase 

18.0 

14.3 

3.7 

2022 

318.5 

138.8 

179.7 

Average finance receivables increased 309.0 in 2022 primarily due to larger dealer master notes and dealer wholesale portfolios, which increased interest and fee income by 12.6. 

Average receivables from PACCAR and affiliates increased 16.9 in 2022 as a result of new loans to affiliated companies exceeding collections, which increased interest and fee income by .3. 

Average debt balances increased 160.4 in 2022, reflecting higher funding requirements for the portfolio and affiliated companies, increasing interest and other borrowing costs by 3.2. The average debt balances reflect funding for the average earning asset portfolio, including retail loans, finance leases, wholesale financing and equipment on operating leases. 

Yields increased 5.1 due to higher yields on receivables from customers and PACCAR and affiliates. Yields on customer finance receivables were 4.1 in 2022, compared to 4.0 in 2021. Yields on receivables from PACCAR and affiliates were 1.9 in 2022, compared to 1.8 in 2021. 

Average borrowing rates in 2022 were 2.0 compared to 1.8 in 2021 due to higher debt market interest rates, resulting in an increase of 11.1 in interest and other borrowing costs. 

 15 

PACCAR Financial Corp. 
 (Millions of Dollars) 
 
 The major factors for the changes in operating lease and rental revenues, depreciation and other rental expenses and operating lease margin in 2022 compared to 2021 are summarized below: 

Operating Lease 

Depreciation 

and Rental 

and Other 

Operating 

Revenues 

Rental Expenses 

Lease Margin 

2021 

333.8 

268.7 

65.1 

(Decrease) increase 

Operating lease impairments 

(3.0 

3.0 

Results on returned lease assets 

(64.3 

64.3 

Average operating lease assets 

(40.9 

(33.7 

(7.2 

Revenue and cost per asset 

13.2 

11.9 

1.3 

Total (decrease) increase 

(27.7 

(89.1 

61.4 

2022 

306.1 

179.6 

126.5 

Operating lease impairments decreased in 2022 due to higher used truck market prices. 

Results on returned lease assets reduced depreciation and other rental expenses by 64.3, primarily due to higher gains on sales of returned lease units in 2022 compared to 2021. 

Average operating lease assets decreased due to the volume of expiring leases exceeding new business volume for leased vehicles. 

Revenue and cost per asset increased by 13.2 primarily due to higher fleet utilization, and cost per asset increased by 11.9 primarily due to higher depreciation. 

Used truck sales and other revenues and cost of used truck sales and other expenses are summarized below for 2022 compared to 2021: 

Year ended December 31 

2022 

2021 

Used truck sales 

7.4 

71.7 

Insurance, franchise and other revenues 

10.9 

10.0 

Used truck sales and other revenues 

18.3 

81.7 

Cost of used truck sales 

6.3 

67.5 

Insurance, franchise and other expenses 

2.3 

3.9 

Cost of used truck sales and other expenses 

8.6 

71.4 

Results from used trucks and other 

9.7 

10.3 

Results from used trucks and other decreased by .6 in 2022, reflecting lower unit volume of used truck sales. 
 SG&A 
 
 The Company s SG&A increased to 60.7 in 2022 from 57.3 in 2021, primarily due to higher personnel and related expenses . As a percentage of average earning assets, the Company s SG&A was .8 in 2022 compared to .7 in 2021 . 
 
 16 

PACCAR Financial Corp. 
 (Millions of Dollars) 

Allowance for Credit Losses 
 The following table summarizes information on the Company s allowance for credit losses on receivables and asset portfolio and presents related ratios: 

Year ended December 31 

2022 

2021 

Balance at beginning of period 

65.7 

68.2 

Provision for losses 

(4.7 

(2.2 

Charge-offs 

(1.7 

(2.5 

Recoveries 

2.4 

2.2 

Balance at end of period 

61.7 

65.7 

Ratios: 

Charge-offs, net of recoveries (- .7 in 2022) to average total portfolio 7,075.3 in 2022) 

(.01 

.00 

Allowance for credit losses 61.7 in 2022) to year-end total portfolio 7,580.1 in 2022) 

.81 

.97 

Year-end retail loan and lease receivables past due over 30 days 7.5 in 2022) to year-end 
 retail loan and lease receivables 6,060.5 in 2022) 

.12 

.04 

The provision (benefit) for losses on receivables was (4.7) in 2022 compared to (2.2) in 2021, reflecting improved portfolio performance in 2022. 
 Charge-offs, net of recoveries, was a net recovery of .7 in 2022 compared to a net charge-off of .3 in 2021, reflecting continued strong portfolio performance. 
 Retail loan and lease receivables past due over 30 days was .12 at December 31, 2022 compared to .04 at December 31, 2021, reflecting one fleet customer becoming past due in 2022. The Company continues to focus on maintaining low past due balances. 
 The estimation methods and factors considered for determining the allowance during the periods included in this filing have been consistently applied. See Note A Significant Accounting Policies and Note B Finance and Other Receivables for additional discussion regarding the Allowance for Credit Losses. 
 Modifications 
 The Company modifies loans and finance leases in the normal course of its operations. The Company may modify loans and finance leases for commercial reasons or for credit reasons. Modifications for commercial reasons are changes to contract terms for customers that are not considered to be in financial difficulty. Insignificant delays are modifications extending terms up to three months for customers experiencing some short-term financial stress, but not considered to be in financial difficulty. Modifications for credit reasons are changes to contract terms for customers considered to be in financial difficulty. The Company s modifications typically result in granting more time to pay the contractual amounts owed and charging a fee and interest for the term of the modification. When considering whether to modify customer accounts for credit reasons, the Company evaluates the creditworthiness of the customers and modifies those accounts that the Company considers likely to perform under the modified terms. When the Company modifies a loan or finance lease for credit reasons and grants a concession, the modification is classified as troubled debt restructuring (TDR). 
 17 

PACCAR Financial Corp. 
 (Millions of Dollars) 
 
 The post-modification balances of accounts modified during 2022 and 2021 are summarized below: 

Year ended December 31 

2022 

2021 

Amortized Cost Basis 

of Total Portfolio 

Amortized Cost Basis 

of Total Portfolio 

Commercial 

182.9 

2.4 

430.1 

6.3 

Insignificant Delay 

48.7 

.7 

38.0 

.6 

Credit - No Concession 

.9 

.2 

Credit - TDR 

.8 

232.5 

3.1 

469.1 

6.9 

Amortized cost basis immediately after modification as a percentage of the year-end portfolio balance. 

 Modification activity decreased to 232.5 in 2022 from 469.1 in 2021. The decrease in Commercial modifications reflects lower volumes of refinancing. The increase in Insignificant Delay modifications reflects an increase in customers requesting payment relief for up to three months. There were no Credit - TDR modifications in 2022 compared to .8 in 2021. 
 When the Company modifies a 30+ days past due account, the customer is then generally considered current under the revised contractual terms. The Company modified .2 of accounts during the fourth quarter of 2022 and nil accounts during the fourth quarter of 2021 that were 30+ days past due and became current at the time of modification. Had these accounts not been modified and had they continued to not make payments, the pro forma percentage of retail loan and lease accounts 30+ days past due would have been as follows: 

As of December 31 

2022 

2021 

Pro forma percentage of retail loan and lease accounts 30+ days past due 

.13 

.04 

Modification of accounts in prior quarters that were 30+ days past due at the time of modification are included in past dues if they were not performing under the modified terms at December 31, 2022 and 2021. The effect on the allowance for credit losses from such modifications was not significant at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Portfolio 
 The Company s portfolio is concentrated with customers in the heavy- and medium-duty truck transportation industry. The portfolio is comprised of retail loans and leases, dealer wholesale financing and dealer master notes as follows: 

December 31 

December 31 

2022 

2021 

Retail loans 

4,627.0 

61 

4,300.5 

63 

Retail leases 

1,433.5 

19 

1,381.9 

20 

Dealer wholesale financing 

1,093.2 

14 

737.6 

11 

Dealer master notes 

377.0 

5 

322.7 

5 

Operating lease receivables and other 

49.4 

1 

51.4 

1 

Total portfolio 

7,580.1 

100 

6,794.1 

100 

Retail loans increased to 4,627.0 at December 31, 2022 from 4,300.5 at December 31, 2021, reflecting new business volume exceeding collections. 
 Retail leases increased to 1,433.5 at December 31, 2022 from 1,381.9 at December 31, 2021, reflecting new business volume exceeding collections. 
 18 

PACCAR Financial Corp. 
 (Millions of Dollars) 
 
 Dealer wholesale financing balances increased to 1,093.2 at December 31, 2022 from 737.6 at December 31, 2021 due to higher dealer new truck inventory and higher average amount financed . 
 Dealer master notes increased to 377.0 at December 31, 2022 from 322.7 at December 31, 2021. Dealers may pay the loans early or make additional draws up to specified balances of the contracts and/or vehicles pledged to the Company. As of December 31, 2022, the underlying pledged contracts and/or vehicles were 477.1, of which the dealers have 97.9 as potential additional borrowing capacity. 
 
 Income Taxes 
 The Company s effective income tax rate was 24.3 for 2022 compared to 24.6 for 2021, reflecting changes in the state tax expense during 2022 as compared to 2021. 
 The Company is included in the consolidated federal income tax return of PACCAR. Federal income taxes for the Company are determined on a separate return basis. State income taxes, where the Company files combined tax returns with PACCAR, are determined on a blended statutory rate, which is substantially the same as the rate computed on a separate return basis. 
 During 2022, the Company s deferred income tax provision was 15.6 compared to a deferred tax benefit of 201.9 during 2021. The Company s net deferred tax liability increased to 467.5 at December 31, 2022 from 445.2 at December 31, 2021 primarily due to higher benefits from accelerated depreciation. Deferred taxes are impacted by new business volume and the accelerated depreciation deduction rate under U.S. federal and state tax law. The difference in the timing of depreciation for financial statement and income tax purposes does not impact operating results and is not expected to have a significant impact on liquidity in 2023. 
 Company Outlook 
 
 Average earning assets in 2023 are expected to be similar to 2022. Current high levels of freight tonnage, freight rates and fleet utilization are contributing to customers profitability and cash flow. If current freight transportation conditions decline due to weaker economic conditions, then past due accounts, truck repossessions and credit losses would likely increase from the current low levels and new business volume would likely decline. See the Forward-Looking Statements section of Management s Discussion and Analysis for factors that may affect this outlook. 
 Funding and Liquidity 
 The Company s debt ratings at December 31, 2022 are as follows: 

Standard 

and Poor's 

Moody's 

Commercial paper 

A-1 

P-1 

Senior unsecured debt 

A+ 

A1 

A decrease in these credit ratings could negatively impact the Company s ability to access capital markets at competitive interest rates and the Company s ability to maintain liquidity and financial stability. 
 The Company periodically registers debt securities under the Securities Act of 1933 for offering to the public. In November 2021, the Company filed a shelf registration statement to issue medium-term notes. In January 2023, the Company issued 300.0 of medium-term notes under this registration. The shelf registration statement expires in November 2024 and does not limit the principal amount of debt securities that may be issued during the period. 
 The Company participated with PACCAR and certain other PACCAR affiliates in committed bank facilities of 3,000.0 at December 31, 2022. Of this amount, 1,000.0 expires in June 2023, 1,000.0 expires in June 2025 and 1,000.0 expires in June 2027. PACCAR and the Company intend to replace these credit facilities on or before expiration with facilities of similar amounts and duration. 
 Of the 3,000.0 credit facilities, 2,268.0 is available for use by the Company and/or PACCAR and other non-U.S. PACCAR financial subsidiaries. The remaining 732.0 is allocated to PACCAR and other non-U.S. PACCAR financial subsidiaries. These credit facilities are used to provide backup liquidity for the Company s commercial paper and maturing medium-term notes. The 
 19 

PACCAR Financial Corp. 
 (Millions of Dollars) 
 
 Company is liable only for its own borrowings under these credit facilities. There were no borrowings under these credit facilities in 2022 . 
 The Company issues commercial paper and medium-term notes to fund its financing and leasing operations. The total principal amounts of commercial paper and medium-term notes outstanding for the Company as of December 31, 2022 were 1,660.8 and 5,850.0, respectively. 
 The Company believes its current investment grade credit ratings of A+/A1, committed bank facilities, collections on existing loans and leases and its ability to borrow from PACCAR, if necessary, will continue to provide it with sufficient resources and access to capital markets at competitive interest rates to maintain its liquidity and financial stability. In the event of a decrease in the Company s credit ratings or a disruption in the financial markets, the Company may not be able to refinance its maturing debt in the financial markets. In such circumstances, the Company would be exposed to liquidity risk to the degree that the timing of debt maturities differs from the timing of receivable collections from customers. The Company believes its various sources of liquidity, including committed bank facilities, would continue to provide it with sufficient funding resources to service its maturing debt obligations. 
 The following summarizes the Company s contractual cash commitments at December 31, 2022: 

Maturity 

Within 

1 Year 

1-3 Years 

3-5 Years 

Total 

Borrowings 

3,410.8 

3,500.0 

600.0 

7,510.8 

Interest on debt 

103.4 

115.8 

7.7 

226.9 

Operating leases 

.3 

.8 

.2 

1.3 

Total 

3,514.5 

3,616.6 

607.9 

7,739.0 

Commercial paper included in borrowings is at par value. 

Interest on floating rate debt is based on the applicable market rates at December 31, 2022. 

 As described in Note G Borrowings in the Notes to the Financial Statements, borrowings consist of medium-term notes and commercial paper. The Company has operating leases for office space. 
 In addition, the Company had loan and lease commitments of 721.5 expiring within one year. These commitments represent commitments to fund new retail loan and lease contracts. 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies 
 The Company s significant accounting policies are disclosed in Note A Significant Accounting Policies in the Notes to the Financial Statements. In the preparation of the Company s financial statements, in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, management uses estimates and makes judgments and assumptions that affect asset and liability values and the amounts reported as income and expense during the periods presented. The following are accounting policies which, in the opinion of management, are particularly sensitive and which, if actual results are different from estimates used by management, may have a material impact on the financial statements. 
 
 Operating Leases 
 
 Trucks sold pursuant to agreements accounted for as operating leases are disclosed in Note C Equipment on Operating Leases in the Notes to the Financial Statements. In determining its estimate of the residual value of such vehicles, the Company considers the length of the lease term, the truck model, the expected usage of the truck and anticipated market demand. Operating lease terms generally range from three to five years. The resulting residual values on operating leases generally range between 30 and 60 of original equipment cost. If the sales price of the trucks at the end of the term of the agreement differs from the Company s estimated residual value, a gain or loss will result. 
 Future market conditions, changes in government regulations and other factors outside the Company s control could impact the ultimate sales price of trucks returned under these contracts. Residual values are reviewed regularly and adjusted if market conditions warrant. A decrease in the estimated equipment residual values would increase annual depreciation expense over the remaining lease term. 
 20 

PACCAR Financial Corp. 
 (Millions of Dollars) 
 
 During 2022 , market values on equipment returning upon operating lease maturity were generally higher than the residual values on the equipment , resulting in a decrease in depreciation expense of 86.5 . 
 At December 31, 2022, the aggregate residual value of equipment on operating leases was 505.6. If a 10 decrease in used truck values persisted over the remaining maturities of the Company's operating leases, it would reduce residual value estimates and result in the Company recording additional depreciation expense of approximately 32.4 in 2023, 11.6 in 2024, 4.2 in 2025, 1.9 in 2026 and .5 in 2027 and thereafter. 
 Allowance for Credit Losses 
 The allowance for credit losses related to the Company s loans and finance leases is disclosed in Note B Finance and Other Receivables in the Notes to the Financial Statements. The Company has developed a systematic methodology for determining the allowance for credit losses for its two portfolio segments, retail and wholesale. The retail segment consists of retail loans and finance leases, net of unearned interest. The wholesale segment consists of truck inventory financing loans to dealers that are collateralized by trucks and other collateral. The wholesale segment generally has less risk than the retail segment. Wholesale receivables generally are shorter in duration than retail receivables, and the Company requires periodic reporting of the wholesale dealer s financial condition, conducts periodic audits of the trucks being financed and in many cases, obtains guarantees or other security such as dealership assets. In determining the allowance for credit losses, retail loans and finance leases are evaluated together since they relate to a similar customer base, their contractual terms require regular payment of principal and interest, generally over 36 to 60 months, and they are secured by the same type of collateral. The allowance for credit losses consists of both specific and general reserves. 
 The Company individually evaluates certain finance receivables for impairment. Finance receivables that are evaluated individually for impairment consist of all wholesale accounts and certain large retail accounts with past due balances or otherwise determined to be at a higher risk of loss. A finance receivable is impaired if it is considered probable the Company will be unable to collect all contractual interest and principal payments as scheduled. In addition, all retail loans and leases which have been classified as TDRs and all customer accounts over 90 days past due are considered impaired. Generally, impaired accounts are on non-accrual status. Impaired accounts classified as TDRs which have been performing for 90 consecutive days are placed on accrual status if it is deemed probable that the Company will collect all principal and interest payments. 
 Impaired receivables are generally considered collateral dependent. Large balance retail and all wholesale impaired receivables are individually evaluated to determine the appropriate reserve for losses. The determination of reserves for large balance impaired receivables considers the fair value of the associated collateral. When the underlying collateral fair value exceeds the Company s amortized cost basis, no reserve is recorded. Small balance impaired receivables with similar risk characteristics are evaluated as a separate pool to determine the appropriate reserve for losses using the historical loss information and economic forecasts discussed below. 
 The Company evaluates finance receivables that are not individually impaired and share similar risk characteristics on a collective basis and determines the general allowance for credit losses for both retail and wholesale receivables based on historical loss information, using past due account data, current market conditions, and expected changes in future macroeconomic conditions that affect collectability. Historical credit loss information provides relevant information of expected credit losses. The historical information used includes assumptions regarding the likelihood of collecting current and past due accounts, repossession rates, and the recovery rate on the underlying collateral based on used truck values and other pledged collateral or recourse. 
 The Company has developed a range of loss estimates of its portfolio based on historical experience, taking into account loss frequency and severity in both strong and weak truck market conditions. A projection is made of the range of estimated credit losses inherent in the portfolio from which an amount is determined based on current market conditions and other factors impacting the creditworthiness of the Company s borrowers and their ability to repay. Adjustments to historical loss information are made for changes in forecasted economic conditions that are specific to the industry and market in which the Company conducts business. The Company utilizes economic forecasts from third party sources and determines expected losses based on historical experience under similar market conditions. After determining the appropriate level of the allowance for credit losses, a provision for losses on finance receivables is charged to income as necessary to reflect management s estimate of expected credit losses, net of recoveries, inherent in the portfolio. 
 The adequacy of the allowance is evaluated quarterly based on the most recent past due account information and current and future market conditions. As accounts become past due, the likelihood that they will not be fully collected increases. The Company s 
 21 

PACCAR Financial Corp. 
 (Millions of Dollars) 
 
 experience indicates the probability of not fully collecting pas t due accounts ranges between 30 and 70 . Over the past two years, the Company s year-end 30+ days past due accounts of loan and lease receivables were . 12 in 202 2 and . 0 4 in 2021 . 
 Historically, a 100 basis point increase in the 30+ days past due percentage has resulted in an increase in credit losses of 1 to 45 basis points of receivables. As of December 31, 2022, 30+ days past dues were .12 . If past dues were 100 basis points higher or 1.12 as of December 31, 2022, the Company s estimate of credit losses would likely have increased by a range of 1 million to 30 million depending on the extent of the past dues, the estimated value of the collateral as compared to amounts owed and general economic factors. 
 
 Forward-Looking Statements 
 This Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements include statements relating to future results of operations or financial position and any other statement that does not relate to any historical or current fact. Such statements are based on currently available operating, financial and other information and are subject to risks and uncertainties that may affect actual results. Risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to: national and local economic, political and industry conditions changes in the levels of new business volume due to unit fluctuations in new PACCAR truck sales or reduced market share changes in competitive factors changes affecting the profitability of truck owners and operators price changes impacting equipment costs and residual values changes in interest rates and other operating costs insufficient liquidity in the capital markets and availability of other funding sources cybersecurity risks to the Company s information technology systems pandemics climate-related risks global conflicts litigation involving the Company or affiliated entities and legislation and governmental regulation. 
 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITAT IVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 Market Risk and Derivative Financial Instruments 
 In the normal course of business, the Company issues various financial instruments that expose the Company to market risk associated with market interest rates. Policies and procedures have been established by the Company to manage these market risks through the use of various derivative financial instruments. The Company does not engage in derivatives trading, market-making or other speculative activities. 
 The following is a sensitivity analysis for the Company s assets and liabilities that have interest-rate risk. The Company measures its interest-rate risk by estimating the amount by which the fair value of interest rate sensitive assets and liabilities, including derivative financial instruments, would change assuming an immediate 100 basis point increase across the yield curve as shown in the following table: 
 Fair Value (Losses) Gains 

Year ended December 31 

2022 

2021 

Assets 

Fixed rate loans 

(84.9 

(83.0 

Due from PACCAR 

(18.7 

(20.4 

Due from foreign finance affiliates 

(12.4 

(5.9 

Interest rate swaps related to debt 

6.9 

22.5 

Liabilities 

Fixed rate debt 

94.9 

93.2 

Interest rate swaps related to debt 

1.1 

(3.1 

Total 

(13.1 

3.3 

The Company s debt as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 consisted of commercial paper and floating and fixed rate medium-term notes. 

ITEM 8. 
 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

 The financial statements of the Company and related schedules described under Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules are included following this page. 

22 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 Board of Directors 
 PACCAR Inc and PACCAR Financial Corp. 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of PACCAR Financial Corp. (a wholly-owned subsidiary of PACCAR Inc) (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related statements of income, comprehensive income, stockholder s equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 

23 

Used trucks held for sale 

Description of the Matter 
 
 Included in Other assets on the Company s Balance Sheet are used trucks held for sale of 63.3 million as of December 31, 2022. As discussed in Note J to the financial statements, the carrying amount of used trucks held for sale is written down as necessary to reflect the fair value less costs to sell. The Company determines the fair value of used trucks from a pricing matrix, which is based on the market approach. The significant observable inputs into the valuation model are recent sales prices of comparable units sold individually, which is the lowest unit of account, and the condition of the vehicles. 
 
 Auditing management s estimate of the impairments for used trucks held for sale was complex and required judgment in evaluating management s assumptions used in determining the fair value of units held for sale. 

How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit 
 
 We evaluated and tested the design and operating effectiveness of internal controls over the used trucks held for sale process, including management s assessment of the assumptions and data underlying the fair value of units held for sale. 
 
 Our audit procedures included, among others, assessing the inputs, which are based on historical sales data, in the used truck pricing matrix used to determine the fair value of units held for sale. We evaluated whether this historical data was representative of current circumstances and of the recent sales trends for similar units by comparing the data to sales of similar units at or subsequent to period end. We tested the completeness and accuracy of used truck sales data and unit specifications from underlying systems and data warehouses that are used in the pricing matrix. We also compared management s internal pricing matrix to sales data from third-party sources. 

/s/ Ernst & Young LLP 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 1961. 
 
 Seattle, Washington 
 February 22, 2023 

24 
 
 PACCAR Financial Corp. 

STATEMENTS OF INCOME 

Year ended December 31 

(Millions of Dollars) 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Interest and fee income 

Operating lease and rental revenues 

Used truck sales and other revenues 

TOTAL INTEREST AND OTHER REVENUES 

Interest and other borrowing costs 

Depreciation and other rental expenses 

Cost of used truck sales and other expenses 

Selling, general and administrative expenses 

Provision for losses on receivables 

TOTAL EXPENSES 

INCOME BEFORE INCOME TAXES 

Income taxes 

NET INCOME 

Earnings per share and dividends per share are not reported because the Company is a wholly owned subsidiary of PACCAR. 

STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 

Year ended December 31 

(Millions of Dollars) 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Net income 

Other comprehensive income (loss) 

Unrealized (losses) gains on derivative contracts 

(Losses) gains arising during the period 

Tax effect 

.2 

Reclassification adjustment 

Tax effect 

Net other comprehensive income (loss) 

TOTAL COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 

See Notes to Financial Statements. 
 25 
 
 PACCAR Financial Corp. 

BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31 

December 31 

(Millions of Dollars) 

2022 

2021 

ASSETS 

Cash 

Finance and other receivables, net of allowance for losses (2022 - and 2021 - 

Due from PACCAR and affiliates 

Equipment on operating leases, net of accumulated depreciation (2022 - and 
 2021 - 

Other assets 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES 

Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other 

Due to PACCAR and affiliates 

Commercial paper 

Medium-term notes 

Deferred taxes and other liabilities 

TOTAL LIABILITIES 

STOCKHOLDER'S EQUITY 

Preferred stock, par value per share, noncumulative and nonvoting, shares 
 authorized, shares issued and outstanding 

Common Stock, par value per share, shares authorized, shares issued 
 and outstanding 

Additional paid-in capital 

Retained earnings 

Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) 

TOTAL STOCKHOLDER'S EQUITY 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDER'S EQUITY 

See Notes to Financial Statements. 
 
 26 
 
 PACCAR Financial Corp. 

STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

Year ended December 31 

(Millions of Dollars) 

2022 

2021 

2020 

OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

Net income 

Items included in net income not affecting cash: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Provision for losses on receivables 

Deferred taxes 

Administrative fees for services from PACCAR 

Change in tax-related balances with PACCAR 

Increase (decrease) in payables and other 

NET CASH PROVIDED BY OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

Finance and other receivables originated 

Collections on finance and other receivables 

Net (increase) decrease in wholesale receivables 

Loans to PACCAR and affiliates 

Collections on loans from PACCAR and affiliates 

Net (increase) decrease in other receivables to PACCAR and affiliates 

Acquisitions of equipment for operating leases 

Proceeds from disposals of equipment 

Other, net 

NET CASH (USED IN) PROVIDED BY INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Net increase (decrease) in short-term commercial paper 

Proceeds from medium-term notes and other commercial paper 

Payments of medium-term notes and other commercial paper 

Dividends paid 

NET CASH PROVIDED BY (USED IN) FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

NET INCREASE (DECREASE) IN CASH 

CASH AT BEGINNING OF YEAR 

CASH AT END OF YEAR 

See Notes to Financial Statements . 
 27 
 
 PACCAR Financial Corp. 

STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDER S EQUITY 

Year ended December 31 

(Millions of Dollars) 

2022 

2021 

2020 

PREFERRED STOCK, par value 

Balance at beginning of year 

Balance at end of year 

COMMON STOCK, par value 

Balance at beginning of year 

Balance at end of year 

ADDITIONAL PAID-IN CAPITAL 

Balance at beginning of year 

Investments from PACCAR 

Balance at end of year 

RETAINED EARNINGS 

Balance at beginning of year 

Net income 

Cumulative effect of change in accounting principles 

Dividends paid 

Balance at end of year 

ACCUMULATED OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 

Accumulated unrealized net (loss) gain on derivative contracts: 

Balance at beginning of year 

Net unrealized gain (loss) 

Balance at end of year 

TOTAL STOCKHOLDER S EQUITY 

See Notes to Financial Statements . 

28 
 
 PACCAR Financial Corp. 

Notes to Financial Statements 
 
 (Millions of Dollars) 

29 
 
 PACCAR Financial Corp. 

Notes to Financial Statements 
 
 (Millions of Dollars) 

in 2022 and in 2021 and did not have a significant effect on the weighted average term or interest rate of the total portfolio at December 31, 2022 or 2021 . 
 The Company has developed a systematic methodology for determining the allowance for credit losses for its portfolio segments, retail and wholesale. The retail segment consists of retail loans and finance leases, net of unearned interest. The wholesale segment consists of truck inventory financing loans to dealers that are collateralized by trucks and other collateral. The wholesale segment generally has less risk than the retail segment. Wholesale receivables generally are shorter in duration than retail receivables, and the Company requires periodic reporting of the wholesale dealer s financial condition, conducts periodic audits of the trucks being financed and, in many cases, obtains guarantees or other security such as dealership assets. In determining the allowance for credit losses, retail loans and finance leases are evaluated together since they relate to a similar customer base, their contractual terms require regular payment of principal and interest, generally over to , and they are secured by the same type of collateral. The allowance for credit losses consists of both specific and general reserves. 
 The Company individually evaluates certain finance receivables for impairment. Finance receivables that are evaluated individually for impairment consist of all wholesale accounts and certain large retail accounts with past due balances or otherwise determined to be at a higher risk of loss. A finance receivable is impaired if it is considered probable the Company will be unable to collect all contractual interest and principal payments as scheduled. In addition, all retail loans and leases which have been classified as TDRs and all customer accounts over 90 days past due are considered impaired. Generally, impaired accounts are on non-accrual status. Impaired accounts classified as TDRs which have been performing for 90 consecutive days are placed on accrual status if it is deemed probable that the Company will collect all principal and interest payments. 
 Impaired receivables are generally considered collateral dependent. Large balance retail and all wholesale impaired receivables are individually evaluated to determine the appropriate reserve for losses. The determination of reserves for large balance impaired receivables considers the fair value of the associated collateral. When the underlying collateral fair value exceeds the Company s amortized cost basis, no reserve is recorded. Small balance impaired receivables with similar risk characteristics are evaluated as a separate pool to determine the appropriate reserve for losses using the historical loss information and economic forecasts discussed below. 
 The Company evaluates finance receivables that are not individually impaired and share similar risk characteristics on a collective basis and determines the general allowance for credit losses for both retail and wholesale receivables based on historical loss information, using past due account data, current market conditions, and expected changes in future macroeconomic conditions that affect collectability. Historical credit loss information provides relevant information of expected credit losses. The historical information used includes assumptions regarding the likelihood of collecting current and past due accounts, repossession rates, and the recovery rate on the underlying collateral based on used truck values and other pledged collateral or recourse. 
 The Company has developed a range of loss estimates of its portfolio based on historical experience, taking into account loss frequency and severity in both strong and weak truck market conditions. A projection is made of the range of estimated credit losses inherent in the portfolio from which an amount is determined based on current market conditions and other factors impacting the creditworthiness of the Company s borrowers and their ability to repay. Adjustments to historical loss information are made for changes in forecasted economic conditions that are specific to the industry and market in which the Company conducts business. The Company utilizes economic forecasts from third party sources and determines expected losses based on historical experience under similar market conditions. After determining the appropriate level of the allowance for credit losses, a provision for losses on finance receivables is charged to income as necessary to reflect management s estimate of expected credit losses, net of recoveries, inherent in the portfolio. 
 In determining the fair value of the collateral, the Company uses a pricing matrix and categorizes the fair value as Level 2 in the hierarchy of fair value measurement. The pricing matrix is reviewed quarterly and updated as appropriate. The pricing matrix considers the make, model and year of the equipment as well as recent sales prices of comparable equipment sold individually, which is the lowest unit of account, through wholesale channels to the Company s dealers (principal market). The fair value of the collateral also considers the overall condition of the equipment. 
 Accounts are charged off against the allowance for credit losses when, in the judgment of management, they are considered uncollectible, which generally occurs upon repossession of the collateral. Typically the timing between the repossession and charge-off is not significant. In cases where repossession is delayed (e.g., for legal proceedings), the Company records a partial charge-off. The charge-off is determined by comparing the fair value of the collateral, less cost to sell, to the amortized cost basis. 
 30 
 
 PACCAR Financial Corp. 

Notes to Financial Statements 
 
 (Millions of Dollars) 

to , using the straight-line method which approximates the interest method. For operating leases, rental revenue is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. 
 Recognition of interest income and rental revenue is suspended (put on non-accrual status) when the receivable becomes more than 90 days past the contractual due date or earlier if some other event causes the Company to determine that collection is not probable. Accordingly, finance receivables more than 90 days past due were accruing interest at December 31, 2022 or December 31, 2021. Recognition is resumed if the receivable becomes current by the payment of all amounts due under the terms of the existing contract and collection of remaining amounts is considered probable (if not contractually modified) or if the customer makes scheduled payments for three months and collection of remaining amounts is considered probable (if contractually modified). Payments received while the finance receivable is on non-accrual status are applied to interest and principal in accordance with the contractual terms. 
 The Company recognizes revenue on the sale of used trucks acquired from PACCAR truck division customers as part of new truck sales packages when the used trucks are invoiced and delivered to a customer. at December 31, 2022. 
 The Company assesses hedges at inception and on an ongoing basis to determine if the designated derivatives are highly effective in offsetting changes in fair values or cash flows of the hedged items. Hedge accounting is discontinued prospectively when the Company determines that a derivative financial instrument has ceased to be a highly effective hedge. Cash flows from derivative instruments are included in operating activities in the Statements of Cash Flows. through . 
 31 
 
 PACCAR Financial Corp. 

Notes to Financial Statements 
 
 (Millions of Dollars) 

, noncumulative, nonvoting preferred stock owned by PACCAR) is redeemable only at the option of the Company s Board of Directors. , which had no material impact on the Company s financial statements . 

The Company will adopt on the effective date. 

Retail financing leases 

Dealer wholesale financing 

Dealer master notes 

Operating lease receivables and other 

Less allowance for credit losses: 

Loans and leases 

Dealer wholesale financing 

Operating lease receivables and other 

32 
 
 PACCAR Financial Corp. 

Notes to Financial Statements 
 
 (Millions of Dollars) 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Unguaranteed residual values 

Unearned interest on finance leases 

Amortized cost basis of finance leases 

Included in Finance and other receivables, net of allowance for credit losses, on the Balance Sheets is accrued interest receivable, net of allowance for credit losses, of and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Interest income recognized on finance leases was and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Estimated residual values included with finance leases amounted to in 2022 and in 2021. Experience indicates substantially all of dealer wholesale financing will be repaid within one year. In addition, collection experience indicates that some loans, leases and other finance receivables will be paid prior to contract maturity, while other may be extended or modified. 
 For the following credit quality disclosures, finance receivables are classified into portfolio segments, wholesale and retail. The retail portfolio is further segmented into dealer retail and customer retail. The dealer wholesale segment consists of truck inventory financing to PACCAR dealers. The dealer retail segment consists of loans and leases to participating dealers and franchises that use the proceeds to fund customers acquisition of commercial vehicles and related equipment. The customer retail segment consists of loans and leases directly to customers for the acquisition of commercial vehicles and related equipment. Customer retail receivables are further segregated between fleet and owner/operator classes. The fleet class consists of retail accounts of customers operating five or more trucks. All other customer retail accounts are considered owner/operator. These two classes have similar measurement attributes, risk characteristics and common methods to monitor and assess credit risk. 
 Allowance for Credit Losses 

Provision for losses 

Charge-offs 

Recoveries 

Balance at December 31 

2021 

Dealer 

Customer 

Wholesale 

Retail 

Retail 

Other 

Total 

Balance at January 1 

Provision for losses 

Charge-offs 

Recoveries 

Balance at December 31 

33 
 
 PACCAR Financial Corp. 

Notes to Financial Statements 
 
 (Millions of Dollars) 

Provision for losses 

Charge-offs 

Recoveries 

Balance at December 31 

. 

Credit Quality 
 The Company s customers are principally concentrated in the transportation industry in the United States. The Company s portfolio assets are diversified over a large number of customers and dealers with no single customer or dealer balances representing over of the total portfolio assets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Company retains as collateral a security interest in the related equipment. There is no single customer or dealer representing over of Interest and other revenues for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 At the inception of each contract, the Company considers the credit risk based on a variety of credit quality factors including prior payment experience, customer financial information, credit-rating agency ratings, loan-to-value ratios and other internal metrics. On an ongoing basis, the Company monitors credit quality based on past due status and collection experience as there is a meaningful correlation between the past due status of customers and the risk of loss. 
 The Company has three credit quality indicators: performing, watch and at-risk. Performing accounts pay in accordance with the contractual terms and are not considered high risk. Watch accounts include accounts 31 to 90 days past due and large accounts that are performing but are considered to be high-risk. Watch accounts are not impaired. At-risk accounts are accounts that are impaired, including TDRs, accounts over 90 days past due and other accounts on non-accrual status. 
 34 
 
 PACCAR Financial Corp. 

Notes to Financial Statements 
 
 (Millions of Dollars) 

Watch 

At-risk 

Retail: 

Performing 

Watch 

At-risk 

Total Dealer 

Customer Retail: 

Fleet: 

Performing 

Watch 

At-risk 

Owner/Operator: 

Performing 

Watch 

At-risk 

Total Customer Retail 

Total 

35 
 
 PACCAR Financial Corp. 

Notes to Financial Statements 
 
 (Millions of Dollars) 

Watch 

At-risk 

Retail: 

Performing 

Watch 

At-risk 

Total Dealer 

Customer Retail: 

Fleet: 

Performing 

Watch 

At-risk 

Owner/Operator: 

Performing 

Watch 

At-risk 

Total Customer Retail 

Total 

31 60 days past-due 

Greater than 60 days past-due 

Dealer 

Customer Retail 

Owner/ 

At December 31, 2021 

Wholesale 

Retail 

Fleet 

Operator 

Total 

Current and up to 30 days past-due 

31 60 days past-due 

Greater than 60 days past-due 

36 
 
 PACCAR Financial Corp. 

Notes to Financial Statements 
 
 (Millions of Dollars) 

Amortized cost basis with no specific reserve 

Total 

Dealer 

Customer Retail 

Owner/ 

At December 31, 2021 
 
 Wholesale 

Retail 

Fleet 

Operator 

Total 

Amortized cost basis with a specific reserve 

Amortized cost basis with no specific reserve 

Total 

Owner/Operator 

Troubled Debt Restructurings 
 The balance of TDRs was and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. There were new TDR modifications in 2022. 

Owner/Operator 

The effect on the allowance for credit losses from such modifications was not significant at December 31, 2021. 
 
 There were finance receivables modified as TDRs during the previous twelve months that subsequently defaulted (i.e., became more than 30 days past due) in 2021. 
 Repossessions 
 When the Company determines that a customer is not likely to meet its contractual commitments, the Company repossesses the vehicles which serve as collateral for loans, finance leases and equipment under operating leases. The Company records the vehicles as used truck inventory included in Other assets on the Balance Sheets. The balance of repossessed units at December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. 
 Proceeds from the sales of repossessed assets were , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. These amounts are included in Proceeds from disposal of equipment on the Statements of Cash Flows. Write-downs of repossessed equipment under operating leases are recorded as impairments and included in Depreciation and other rental expenses on the Statements of Income. 
 37 
 
 PACCAR Financial Corp. 

Notes to Financial Statements 
 
 (Millions of Dollars) 

to . The total future annual minimum rental payments to be received for equipment on non-cancelable operating leases beginning January 1, 2023 of are due as follows: in 2023, in 2024, in 2025, in 2026 and in 2027 and thereafter. Depreciation expense related to equipment on operating leases was , and in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Substantially all equipment on operating leases is manufactured by PACCAR. to 1 for any fiscal year. The required ratio for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was met without assistance. The Support Agreement also requires PACCAR to own, directly or indirectly, all outstanding voting stock of the Company. 
 Periodically, the Company makes loans to, borrows from and has intercompany transactions with PACCAR. In addition, the Company periodically loans funds to certain foreign finance and leasing affiliates of PACCAR. These affiliates have Support Agreements with PACCAR, similar to the Company s Support Agreement with PACCAR. The foreign affiliates operate in the United Kingdom, the Netherlands, Mexico, Canada, Australia and Brasil. Loans to these foreign affiliates during 2022 and 2021 were denominated in United States dollars. The foreign affiliates primarily provide financing and leasing of PACCAR manufactured trucks and related equipment sold through the DAF, Kenworth, and Peterbilt independent dealer networks in Europe, Mexico, Canada, Australia and Brasil. The Company will not make loans to the foreign affiliates in excess of the equivalent of U.S. dollars, unless the amount in excess of such limit is guaranteed by PACCAR. The Company periodically reviews the funding alternatives for these affiliates, and these limits may be revised in the future. 

Loans due from foreign finance affiliates 

Tax-related receivable due from PACCAR 

Receivables 

Due to PACCAR and affiliates 

Payables 

The Company is included in the consolidated federal income tax return of PACCAR. The tax-related receivable due from PACCAR represents the related tax benefit to be settled with PACCAR. 
 PACCAR has issued letters of credit as of December 31, 2022 in the amount of on behalf of the Company to guarantee funds for payment to insured franchisees and customers for any future insurance losses. 
 PACCAR charges the Company for certain administrative services it provides. These costs were charged to the Company based upon the Company s use of the services and PACCAR s cost. Fees for the services were in 2022, in 2021 and in 2020 and are included in Additional paid-in capital. 
 The Company s principal office is located in the corporate headquarters building of PACCAR (owned by PACCAR). The Company also leases office space from facilities leased by PACCAR. Lease payments for the use of these facilities are included in the above-mentioned administrative services charged by PACCAR. 
 38 
 
 PACCAR Financial Corp. 

Notes to Financial Statements 
 
 (Millions of Dollars) 

, and for the years 2022 , 2021 and 2020 , respectively, and are included in Selling, general and administrative expenses . 
 The Company s employees and PACCAR employees are also covered by a defined contribution plan, sponsored by PACCAR. Expenses are based on the actual contribution made on the behalf of participating employees. Expenses incurred by the Company for the defined contribution plan were in 2022, 2021 and 2020 and are included in Selling, general and administrative expenses. and ) at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, is comprised of the unrealized net gain (loss) on derivative contracts, net of taxes. 

Amounts recorded in AOCI 

Unrealized (loss) gain on derivative contracts 

Income tax effect 

Amounts reclassified out of AOCI 

Interest and other borrowing costs 

Income taxes 

Net other comprehensive income (loss) 

Balance at end of year 

with amounts expiring over the next years. Notional maturities for all interest-rate contracts are for 2023, nil for 2024, for 2025, for 2026, for 2027 and thereafter. 

Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other 

Gross amounts recognized in Balance Sheets 

Less amounts not offset in financial instruments 

Pro forma net amount 

Cash Flow Hedges 
 Certain of the Company s interest-rate contracts have been designated as cash flow hedges. Changes in the fair value of derivatives designated as cash flow hedges are recorded in AOCI. The maximum length of time over which the Company is hedging its exposure to the variability in future cash flows is years. 
 
 39 
 
 PACCAR Financial Corp. 

Notes to Financial Statements 
 
 (Millions of Dollars) 

, net of taxes. The fixed interest earned on finance receivables will offset the amount recognized in interest expense, resulting in a stable interest margin consistent with the Company s interest-rate risk management strategy. 
 Fair Value Hedges 
 Changes in the fair value of derivatives designated as fair value hedges are recorded in earnings together with the changes in fair value of the hedged item attributable to the risk being hedged. 

Cumulative basis adjustment included in the carrying amount 

The above table excludes the cumulative basis adjustments on discontinued hedge relationships of ) and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Hedged items 

Loss on cash flow hedges 

Reclassified from AOCI into income 

Medium-term notes 

Commercial paper and medium-term notes borrowings were and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Unamortized debt issuance costs, unamortized discounts and the net effect of fair value hedges were ) and ) at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The effective rate is the weighted average rate as of December 31, 2022 and includes the effects of interest-rate swap agreements. 
 40 
 
 PACCAR Financial Corp. 

Notes to Financial Statements 
 
 (Millions of Dollars) 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Interest expense on borrowings amounted to , and for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Interest paid on borrowings was , and in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 In November 2021, the Company filed a shelf registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933. In January 2023, the Company issued of medium-term notes under this registration. The registration expires in and does not limit the principal amount of debt securities that may be issued during the period. 
 See Note D Transactions with PACCAR and Affiliates for discussion of borrowings from PACCAR. at December 31, 2022. Of this amount, expires in , expires in and expires in . PACCAR and the Company intend to replace these credit facilities on or before expiration with facilities of similar amounts and duration. 
 Of the credit facilities, is available for use by the Company and/or PACCAR and other non-U.S. PACCAR financial subsidiaries. The remaining is allocated to PACCAR and other non-U.S. PACCAR financial subsidiaries. These credit facilities are used to provide backup liquidity for the Company s commercial paper and maturing medium-term notes. The Company is liable only for its own borrowings under these credit facilities. There were no borrowings under these credit facilities in 2022. for 2022 compared to for 2021, reflecting changes in the state tax expense during 2022 as compared to 2021. 

State 

Deferred provision (benefit) 

Federal 

State 

Total provision for income taxes 

41 
 
 PACCAR Financial Corp. 

Notes to Financial Statements 
 
 (Millions of Dollars) 

Effect of state 

Cash paid for income taxes was nil in 2022, 2021 and 2020. PACCAR Inc pays all federal and state income taxes on behalf of the Company. 

Other 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Depreciation 

Other 

Net deferred tax liability 

Used trucks held for sale 

Derivative contracts 

Liabilities: 

Derivative contracts 

42 
 
 PACCAR Financial Corp. 

Notes to Financial Statements 
 
 (Millions of Dollars) 

The Company uses the following methods and assumptions to measure fair value for assets and liabilities subject to non-recurring and recurring fair value measurements: 
 Impaired Loans: Impaired loans that are individually evaluated are generally considered collateral dependent. Accordingly, the evaluation of individual reserves on such loans considers the fair value of the associated collateral (estimated sales proceeds less the costs to sell). 
 Used Trucks Held for Sale: The carrying amount of used trucks held for sale is written down as necessary to reflect the fair value less costs to sell. The Company determines the fair value of used trucks from a pricing matrix, which is based on the market approach. The significant observable inputs into the valuation model are recent sales prices of comparable units sold individually, which is the lowest unit of account, and the condition of the vehicles. Used truck impairments related to units held at December 31, 2022 and 2021 were nil and during 2022 and 2021, respectively. These assets, which are shown in the above table when they are written down to fair value less costs to sell, are categorized as Level 2 and are included in Other assets on the Balance Sheets. 
 Derivative Financial Instruments: The Company s derivative financial instruments consist of interest-rate swaps and are carried at fair value. These derivative contracts are traded over the counter and their fair value is determined using industry standard valuation models, which are based on the income approach (i.e., discounted cash flows). The significant observable inputs into the valuation models include interest rates, yield curves and credit default swap spreads. These contracts are categorized as Level 2 and are included in Other assets and Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other on the Balance Sheets. 
 Fair Value Disclosure of Other Financial Instruments 
 For financial instruments that are not recognized at fair value, the Company uses the following methods and assumptions to determine the fair value. These instruments are categorized as Level 2, except cash which is categorized as Level 1 and fixed rate loans which are categorized as Level 3. 
 Cash: Carrying amounts approximate fair value. 
 Net Receivables: For floating rate loans, dealer wholesale financings and operating lease and other trade receivables, carrying values approximate fair values. For fixed rate loans, fair values are estimated using the income approach by discounting cash flows to their present value based on assumptions regarding credit and liquidity risks to approximate current rates for comparable loans. Finance lease receivables and related allowance for credit losses have been excluded from the accompanying table. 
 Commercial Paper and Medium-Term Notes: The carrying amounts of the Company s commercial paper and variable medium-term notes approximate fair value. For fixed rate debt, fair values are estimated using the income approach by discounting cash flows to their present value based on current rates for comparable debt. 

Due from foreign finance affiliates 

Fixed rate loans 

Liabilities: 

Fixed rate debt 

43 
 
 PACCAR Financial Corp. 

Notes to Financial Statements 
 
 (Millions of Dollars) 

expiring within . These commitments represent commitments to fund new retail loan and lease contracts. 
 
 44 
 
 PACCAR Financial Corp. 

(Millions of Dollars) 

ITEM 9. 
 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

 The registrant has not had any disagreements with its independent auditors on accounting or financial disclosure matters. 

ITEM 9A. 
 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 An evaluation was performed under the supervision and with the participation of the Company s management, including the principal executive officer and principal financial officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) as of December 31, 2022. Based on that evaluation, the principal executive officer and principal financial officer of the Company concluded that the disclosure controls and procedures in place at the Company are effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in reports that the Company files or submits under the Exchange Act, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported on a timely basis in accordance with applicable rules and regulations. 
 Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 The management of the Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining satisfactory internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. 
 Internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements because of its inherent limitations. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies and procedures may deteriorate. 
 Management assessed the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria for effective internal control over financial reporting described in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework). Based on this assessment, management concluded that the Company maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. 
 There have been no changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting during the fourth quarter of 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. 
 
 OTHER INFORMATION 

 Not applicable. 

IT EM 9C. 
 
 DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS. 

 Not applicable. 
 
 45 
 
 PACCAR Financial Corp. 

(Millions of Dollars) 

PART III 
 ITEMS 10, 11, 12 AND 13 
 These items omitted pursuant to Form 10-K General Instruction (I)(1)(a) and (b). 

ITEM 14. 
 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 

 The Company s independent registered public accounting firm is , (Auditor Firm No. ). 
 Audit Fees 
 Audit fees charged to the Company were 1.0 in both 2022 and 2021. 
 Other Fees 
 No other fees were charged to the Company by the principal accountant. 
 As a wholly owned subsidiary of PACCAR, audit and non-audit services provided by the Company s independent registered public accounting firm are subject to PACCAR s Audit Committee pre-approval policies and procedures as described in the PACCAR 2022 proxy statement. During the year ended December 31, 2022, all services provided by the independent registered public accounting firm were pre-approved by the PACCAR Audit Committee. 
 
 PART IV 

ITEM 15. 
 
 EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

 (1) Listing of financial statements 
 The following financial statements of the Company are included in Item 8: 
 Statements of Income Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 Statements of Comprehensive Income Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 Balance Sheets December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Statements of Cash Flows Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 Statements of Stockholder s Equity Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 Notes to Financial Statements December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 (2) Listing of financial statement schedules 
 All schedules are omitted because the required matter or conditions are not present or because the information required by the schedules is submitted as part of the financial statements and notes thereto. 
 (3) Listing of Exhibits 
 The exhibits required by Item 601 of Regulation S-K are listed in the accompanying Exhibit Index. 

46 
 
 PACCAR Financial Corp. 

EXHIBIT INDEX 
 Exhibits (in order of assigned index numbers) 

Exhibit Number 

Exhibit Description 

Form 

Date of First 
 Filing 

Exhibit 
 Number 

File Number 

(3) 

Articles of incorporation and by-laws: 

(i) 

Restated Articles of Incorporation of the Company, as amended 

10-K 

February 26, 2015 

3(i) 

001-11677 

(ii) 

Restated By-laws of the Company 

10-Q 

August 7, 2014 

3(c) 

001-11677 

(4) 

Instruments defining the rights of security holders, including indentures: 

(a) 

Indenture for Senior Debt Securities dated as of November 20, 2009 between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. 

S-3 

November 20, 2009 

4.1 

333-163273 

(b) 

Forms of Medium-Term Note, Series O 

S-3 

November 5, 2015 

4.2 and 4.3 

333-207838 

(c) 

Forms of Medium-Term Note, Series P 

S-3 

November 2, 2018 

4.2 and 4.3 

333-228141 

(d) 

Forms of Medium-Term Note, Series Q 

S-3 

November 1, 2021 

4.3 and 4.4 

333-260663 

(e) 

Description of the Registrant s Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

10-K 

February 19, 2020 

4(e) 

001-116677 

(10) 

Material contracts: 

(a) 

Support Agreement between the Company and PACCAR dated as of June 19, 1989. (P) 

S-3 

June 23, 1989 

28.1 

33-29434 

(23) 

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

(31) 

Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certifications: 

(a) 

Certification of Principal Executive Officer 

(b) 

Certification of Principal Financial Officer 

(32) 

Section 1350 Certifications: 

(a) 

Certification pursuant to rule 13a-14(b) and section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. section 1350) 

(101.INS) 

Inline XBRL Instance Document the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 

(101.SCH) 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

(101.CAL) 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

(101.DEF) 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

(101.LAB) 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

(101.PRE) 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

(104) 

Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

filed herewith 

 47 
 
 PACCAR Financial Corp. 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

PACCAR Financial Corp. 

Date 

February 22, 2023 

/s/ C. R. Gryniewicz 

C. R. Gryniewicz 

President 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant as of the above date and in the capacities indicated. 

(1) 
 
 Principal Executive Officer 

/s/ H.C.A.M. Schippers 

Chief Executive Officer 

H.C.A.M. Schippers 

(2) 
 
 Principal Financial Officer 

/s/ T. R. Hubbard 

Principal Financial Officer 

T. R. Hubbard 

(3) 
 
 Principal Accounting Officer 

/s/ S. L. Farrar 

Controller 

S. L. Farrar 

(4) 
 
 A Majority of the Board of Directors 

/s/ H.C.A.M. Schippers 

Director 

H.C.A.M. Schippers 

/s/ T. R. Hubbard 

Director 

T. R. Hubbard 

/s/ C. R. Gryniewicz 

Director 

C. R. Gryniewicz 

48 

<EX-23>
 2
 ck731288-ex23_7.htm
 EX-23

ck731288-ex23_7.htm

Exhibit 23 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement (Form S-3 No. 333-260663) of PACCAR Financial Corp. and in the related Prospectus of our report dated February 22, 2023, with respect to the financial statements of PACCAR Financial Corp. included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

/s/ Ernst Young LLP 

Seattle, Washington 

February 22, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-31.(A)>
 3
 ck731288-ex31a_9.htm
 EX-31.(A)

ck731288-ex31a_9.htm

Exhibit 31(a) 
 PACCAR Financial Corp. 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Harrie C.A.M. Schippers, certify that: 

1. 
 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of PACCAR Financial Corp.; 

2. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal controls over financial reporting. 

Date 
 
 February 22, 2023 

/s/ Harrie C.A.M. Schippers 

Harrie C.A.M. Schippers 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.(A)>

<EX-31.(B)>
 4
 ck731288-ex31b_6.htm
 EX-31.(B)

ck731288-ex31b_6.htm

Exhibit 31(b) 
 PACCAR Financial Corp. 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Todd R. Hubbard, certify that: 

1. 
 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of PACCAR Financial Corp.; 

2. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal controls over financial reporting. 

Date 
 
 February 22, 2023 

/s/ Todd R. Hubbard 

Todd R. Hubbard 
 Principal Financial Officer 

</EX-31.(B)>

<EX-32.(A)>
 5
 ck731288-ex32a_8.htm
 EX-32.(A)

ck731288-ex32a_8.htm

Exhibit 32(a) 
 PACCAR Financial Corp. 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 
 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 (18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350) 
 In connection with the Annual Report of PACCAR Financial Corp. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned certify, pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. section 1350), that to the best of our knowledge and belief: 

(1) 
 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date 

February 22, 2023 

/s/ Harrie C.A.M. Schippers 

Harrie C.A.M Schippers 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 PACCAR Financial Corp. 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Todd R. Hubbard 

Todd R. Hubbard 
 Principal Financial Officer 
 PACCAR Financial Corp. 

</EX-32.(A)>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 ck731288-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 ck731288-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 ck731288-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 ck731288-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 ck731288-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

