<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230331_10-K_edgar_data_1802546_0001493152-23-010169.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>8875087</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>499780</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1384724</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2820077</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1796686</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2175485</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-010169.hdr.sgml : 20230331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230331152322
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-010169
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		90
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			KONA GOLD BEVERAGE, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001802546
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BEVERAGES [2080]
		IRS NUMBER:				815175120
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-56230
		FILM NUMBER:		23787050

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		746 NORTH DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE A
		CITY:			MELBOURNE
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			32934
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8447142224

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		746 NORTH DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE A
		CITY:			MELBOURNE
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			32934

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	KONA GOLD SOLUTIONS, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20200714

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Kona Gold Solutions
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20200206

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-010169.txt : 20230331

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from _______ to _______ 

Commission
File Number: 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 of incorporation) 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer Identification No.) 

, , , 

(Address
 of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip
 Code) 

(Registrant s
telephone number, including area code) 

(Former
name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 

OTC
 Markets Group Inc. 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 

Yes

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 

Yes

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 

No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant
to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). 

No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes 

The
aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates (excluding voting shares held by officers and
directors) as of June 30, 2022 was . 

Indicate
the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date. There were
a total of shares of Common Stock outstanding as of March 31, 2023. 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

PART I 
 1 

Item 1. Business 
 1 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 10 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 26 

Item 2. Properties 
 26 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 26 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 26 

PART II 
 27 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 27 

Item 6. Selected Financial Data 
 27 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 28 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 39 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 40 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 41 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 41 

Item 9B. Other Information 
 41 

PART III 
 42 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 42 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 45 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 48 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 51 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 52 

PART IV 
 53 

Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 53 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 58 

i 

CAUTIONARY
STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS AND INFORMATION 

This
Annual Report contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. These forward-looking statements are not historical
facts but rather are plans and predictions based on current expectations, estimates, and projections about our industry, our beliefs,
and assumptions. 

We
use words such as may, will, could, should, anticipate, expect, 
 intend, project, plan, believe, seek, assume, and
variations of these words and similar expressions to identify forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future
performance and are subject to certain risks, uncertainties, and other factors, some of which are beyond our control, are difficult to
predict and could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or forecasted in the forward-looking statements. These
risks and uncertainties include those described in the section entitled Risk Factors. You should not place undue reliance
on these forward-looking statements because the matters they describe are subject to certain risks, uncertainties, and assumptions that
are difficult to predict. Our forward-looking statements are based on the information currently available to us and speak only as of
the date on which they were made. Over time, our actual results, performance, or achievements may differ from those expressed or implied
by our forward-looking statements, and such difference might be significant and materially adverse to our security holders. Except as
required by law, we undertake no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information,
future events, or otherwise. We have identified some of the important factors that could cause future events to differ from our current
expectations and they are described in this Annual Report on Form 10-K Annual Report under the captions Risk Factors, 
and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, as well as in other documents
that we may file with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ), all of which you should review carefully. Please consider
our forward-looking statements in light of those risks as you read this Annual Report. 

ii 

PART
I 

ITEM
1. BUSINESS 

As
used in this Annual Report, the terms we, us, our, and the Company refer to Kona
Gold Beverage, Inc., a Delaware corporation. 

Corporate
Overview Formation, Corporate Changes and Material Mergers and Acquisitions 

We
were originally incorporated as Class-ique Talent Agency, Inc. CTA ), under the laws of the State of Nevada in March 1997.
In October 2001, CTA entered into an Agreement and Plan of Reorganization (the Reorganization Plan with PhaserTek, Inc.,
a Delaware corporation PhaserTek ), pursuant to which CTA acquired all of the outstanding shares of common stock of PhaserTek
in exchange for shares of common stock of CTA, resulting in PhaserTek becoming a wholly-owned subsidiary of CTA. In accordance with the
terms of the Reorganization Plan, CTA changed its name to PhaserTek Medical, Inc. PhaserTek Medical in 2002. In 2004,
PhaserTek Medical changed its name to Union Equity, Inc. UE Nevada ). For purposes of changing UE Nevada s state
of incorporation, UE Nevada formed Union Equity, Inc. in the State of Delaware UE Delaware in 2004. Pursuant to Articles
of Merger, in December 2004, UE Nevada merged with and into UE Delaware, the surviving company. In July 2015, we changed our name to
Kona Gold Solutions, Inc. In October 2020, we changed our name to Kona Gold Beverage, Inc. 

We
have four wholly-owned subsidiaries: (i) Kona Gold, LLC Kona ), a Delaware limited liability company formed in August 2015;
(ii) HighDrate, LLC HighDrate ), a Florida limited liability company formed in January 2018; (iii) S and S Beverage, Inc., S and S ), a Wisconsin corporation formed in June 2018 that we acquired in February 2021; and (iv) Gold Leaf Distribution
LLC Gold Leaf ), a Florida limited liability company formed in January 2019. 

Kona
 focuses on creating great tasting and healthy hemp-infused energy drinks in the functional beverage market for those who lead an
 active lifestyle. Kona is a proud member of the Hemp Industries Association HIA and strives to promote the benefits
 of hemp seed in our products. The hemp seed in our energy drinks contains all 20 amino acids that are already found in the human
 body. For those leading a healthy lifestyle, hemp seed protein is considered to be a complete protein and is compatible with a variety
 of diets, including vegan and Kosher. 

HighDrate
 focuses on the development and marketing of CBD-infused energy waters available in a variety of great tasting flavors. HighDrate s
 CBD-infused energy waters are geared to the fitness and wellness markets. Our CBD-infused energy waters are powered by Alkame s
 patented technology, which provides premium oxygenated alkaline water with natural antioxidants. All of our waters are infused with
 CBD. 

S
 and S focuses on the development and marketing of Ooh La Lemin and Ooh La Lemin Sparkling, which is a lemonade that has no added
 sugar, is low in carbohydrates, and has only 15 calories for Ooh La Lemin, and only 10 calories for Ooh La Lemin Sparkling. Ooh La
 Lemin is available in four flavors: (i) Original Lemonade, (ii) Blue Raspberry Lemonade, (iii) Peach Lemonade, and (iv) Strawberry
 Lemonade. Ooh La Lemin Sparkling is available in six flavors: (i) Original, (ii) Cucumber Watermelon, (iii) Blue Raspberry, (iv)
 Pineapple Mango, (v) Citrus Splash, and (vi) Huckleberry. 

Gold
 Leaf focuses on the distribution of premium beverages and snacks, such as alkaline waters, beverages for kids, energy drinks, fruit
 flavored sodas, low-carb lemonade, healthy aloe juice drinks, as well as CBD-infused jellybeans, in key markets, all of which complement
 our current product offerings. These markets include over 1,500 accounts in grocery stores, convenience stores, smoke shops, vape
 shops, and specialty stores located in Florida and South Carolina. 

1 

Business
Overview 

We
are a lifestyle company that specializes in developing premier hemp and CBD products in the functional beverage and fitness markets.
Focusing on the hemp energy drink, low carb and low-calorie lemonade, and CBD water markets, we believe that we have positioned ourselves as a premium
lifestyle brand. 

We
currently sell Kona, HighDrate, and Ooh La Lemin through resellers, our websites, and distributors that span across 18 states.
Our products are available in a wide variety of stores, including convenience and grocery stores, smoke shops, and gift shops. Gold Leaf
also distributes our own products, as well as products purchased for resale from several other beverage manufacturers. These premium
beverages and snacks are available in more than 1,500 grocery stores, convenience stores, smoke shops, vape shops, and specialty stores. 

Product
Lines 

Within
our Company, we market five distinct product lines: hemp-infused energy drinks, CBD-infused energy water, low carb and low-calorie lemonade,
and apparel with our trademark logo. 

Our
hemp-infused energy drink is available in both regular and sugar-free options. These energy drinks are infused with organic hemp protein
powder and contain essential vitamins and ingredients that give consumers a natural energy boost. Hemp protein contains no gluten and
is compatible with a variety of diets, including vegan and Kosher. Our hemp energy drinks are available in eight flavors: classic hemp,
platinum hemp, sugar-free hemp, cherry vanilla, bubble gum, candy apple, cotton candy, and pink grapefruit. 

HighDrate s
CBD-infused energy water is great tasting, sugar-free, and powered by Alkame s patented technology, which uses its advanced water
treatment to create a premium oxygenated alkaline water with natural antioxidants. Alkame believes based on a double-blind placebo, peer-backed
research project that it conducted, its technology can boost the immune system and physical performance. HighDrate s CBD-infused
energy water contains 80 mg of caffeine and 10 mg of CBD. We believe that CBD aids the body s endocannabinoid system in neuroprotection,
stress recovery, immune balance, and homeostatic regulation. HighDrate s CBD-infused energy water is available in six flavors:
watermelon, kiwi strawberry, tropical coconut, Georgia peach, sour apple, and blue island punch. 

Ooh
La Lemin is a lemonade that has no added sugar, is low in carbohydrates, and has only 15 calories and is available in four flavors: (i)
Original Lemonade, (ii) Blue Raspberry Lemonade, (iii) Peach Lemonade, and (iv) Strawberry Lemonade. Ooh La Lemin Sparkling is a lemonade
that has no added sugar, is low in carbohydrates, and has only 10 calories and is available in six flavors: (i) Original, (ii) Cucumber
Watermelon, (iii) Blue Raspberry, (iv) Pineapple Mango, (v) Citrus Splash, and (vi) Huckleberry. 

We
also sell branded apparel. We use only high-quality textiles and specialty inks and foils, which provide consumers with a premium fit
and feel. We currently offer shirts, tanks, hats, and towels for sale. Revenues generated from sales of our apparel historically has
represented approximately less than 1 of our gross annual sales. 

Distributors
and Resellers 

Our
markets include over 1,500 accounts in grocery stores, convenience stores, smoke shops, vape shops, and specialty stores located in Florida
and South Carolina. In addition to distributing the Company s own beverage products, the Company also distributes other products,
including alkaline waters, beverages for kids, energy drinks, fruit flavored sodas, low-carb lemonade, healthy aloe juice drinks, and
CBD-infused products, all of which complement the Company s current product offerings. 

We
sell our products primarily to beverage distributors and resellers, retail grocery, smoke shops and specialty stores, wholesalers, merchandisers,
convenience stores, and beverage services. We focus on sales to consumers in the functional beverages sector that lead an active lifestyle
and need a balance that will meet their needs of providing their minds and bodies with a focused boost and quick recovery. Our beverages
support consumers that lead a healthy lifestyle based on choices made about daily habits by providing products that provide a healthy
alternative in their beverage choices. A healthy lifestyle can result in consumers feeling fit and energetic and can reduce their risk
for disease. We believe our products help consumers stay hydrated, revitalized, aided in stamina, and allow for faster recovery. Hemp
protein contains no gluten and is compatible with a variety of diets, including vegan and Kosher. The hemp seed protein contained in
our energy drinks is a great protein that contains all 20 amino acids found in the human body. 

2 

We
also distribute premium beverages and snacks in key markets through our wholly-owned subsidiary, Gold Leaf. Gold Leaf distributes our
products as well as products purchased for resale from several other beverage manufacturers. The distributed products include alkaline
waters, beverages for kids, energy drinks, fruit flavored sodas, low-carb lemonade, healthy aloe juice drinks, and CBD-infused jellybeans,
all of which complement our current product offerings. 

Industry
Overview 

Our
distributors and resellers and consumers span across several industries, including energy drinks, hemp or CBD drinks, health and fitness,
and apparel. 

Energy
Drinks 

The
energy drink industry continues grow every year with an estimated 14 billion in sales in the United States in 2021, and sales are expected
to reach 53 billion globally. The energy drink by the name Red Bull dominated the industry in 2020, comprising approximately
25 of the energy drink market. In 2020, an energy drink by the name of Monster, market share was approximately 15 . 

The
introduction of Red Bull in 1997, and the many other energy drinks that followed in its footsteps, has helped turn the
energy drink industry into significant choice of consumers in the overall beverage industry. The rise of Red Bull and Monster, 
which accounted for 40 percent of the energy drink sales in the United States in 2020, has resulted in the energy drink industry rivaling
the coffee industry. Energy drinks have an average of 200 mg of caffeine, which is equivalent to about two cups of coffee. The liquid
and dry coffee industry accounted for approximately 102.5 billion in sales in 2019, which grew from 4.1 billion dollars in 2003. Starbucks
Corporation was the sales leader of the coffee industry with approximately 40 of the market share in 2018, followed by Dunkin 
Brands Inc. with 40 of the market share in 2019. 

Hemp
or CBD Drinks 

The
HIA reported that the 2018 Farm Bill poised to restore industrial hemp to nationwide legal production for the first time since World
War II, offering vast opportunities for the industry and investment in a market expected to triple in four years. With the removal of
hemp from federal prohibition under the CSA, the total hemp industry is expected to grow 18.4 from 2018 through 2022. Hemp Business
Journal estimates that the hemp-derived CBD market will grow to a 1.3 billion market by 2022. The U.S. hemp market, which includes CBD,
textiles, and hemp seed, is expected to lead the global market in 2020, representing approximately 32 of the global market. This growth
is fueled by the public s growing demand for CBD products. The 2018 Farm Bill aims the industry to accelerate and establish itself
as a global hemp powerhouse led by hemp-derived CBD, and establishes legal production for CBD. 

Health
and Fitness 

The
health and fitness industry, which includes food and beverages, saw consumer awareness drive trends to health and wellness, plant-based,
and clean-label products in 2022. We believe that conscious consumerism will continue to drive these trends in 2023. We believe that
consumers are making food and beverage choices based on their personal definition of health. Further, we believe that consumers are looking
for healthy alternatives to obtain relief from pain and anxiety, and that CBD has become a viable option because it balances the mind
and body. Women have traditionally been early adapters of health and wellness trends and CBD-infused products, food, and beverages have
been recognized by women to have a connection between happiness and health. 

Apparel 

The
global apparel market is projected to grow to 1.5 trillion dollars in 2021, compared to 1.3 trillion in 2015. Brand names and logos
for leading energy drink companies such as Monster and Rockstar can be found on men s and women s apparel around the world;
however, the biggest apparel companies not affiliated with energy drinks control the majority of the market. Energy drink apparel is
not expected to be a large contributor to the apparel industry. 

3 

Competition 

The
beverage industry is highly competitive. The principal areas of competition are pricing, packaging, and developing new products and flavors,
as well as highly intensive promoting and marketing strategies. Our products compete with a wide range of drinks produced by a relatively
large number of companies, many of which have substantially greater financial, marketing, and distribution resources than we do. Important
factors affecting our ability to compete successfully include brand and product image, taste and flavor of products, trade and consumer
promotions, rapid and effective development of new and unique cutting-edge products, attractive and different packaging, brand exposure,
and marketing, as well as pricing. We also rely on our beverage distributors to allocate more attention to our products than those of
our competitors, provide stable and reliable distribution, and secure adequate shelf space in retail outlets. Competitive pressures in
the alternative, energy, coffee, and functional beverage categories could cause our products to maintain
or to lose market share or we could experience price erosion, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and results
of operations. 

Our
energy products have entered an already crowded market, and we aware of both our strengths and shortcomings as we compete in the energy
drink market. Our energy products are part of niche industry that includes CBD, hemp seed, organic, and lifestyle, which we believe separates
our energy drinks from others in the market. Within the global CBD beverage market, sales are expected to grow at a faster rate than
conventional energy drinks. In 2020, the CBD beverage market was valued at 3.4 billion, and is expected to reach 14.6 billion by 2026
with a compounded annual growth rate of 27.5 . Combined with the THC-infused beverage market, the CBD Beverage Market is expected to
reach 1.4 billion in the United States alone by 2025. The Alkaline Water Company, Inc. (NASDAQ and TSXV: WTER), HEXO Corp. (NYSE and
TSX: HEXO), Tilray, Inc. (NASDAQ: TLRY), and Canopy Growth Corporation (NYSE: CGC; TSX: WEED) are prominent players in the CBD beverage
market. 

We
compete not only for consumer preference, but also for maximum marketing and sales efforts by multi-brand licensed bottlers, brokers,
and distributors and resellers, many of which have a principal affiliation with competing companies and brands. Our products compete
with all liquid refreshments and in many cases with products of much larger and, in many cases better financed competitors. Our energy
drinks compete directly with Red Bull, Monster, and Rockstar. We also compete with smaller companies. 

Co-Packing 

We
do not directly produce our hemp-infused energy drinks, HighDrate CBD-infused energy waters, or Ooh La Lemin, but instead outsource the
production of our products with our specifications to third-party bottlers and co-packers. We use co-packers to produce our beverage
products. The co-packers are responsible for the production and packaging of the finished products, including the procurement of all
required ingredients and packaging materials. We have partnered with multiple co-packers in the United States to provide fulfillment
of our products from quality, low-cost sources. These partners are integral to our success, providing, we believe, the ability to scale
as needed. We store all of our products, except for Ooh La Lemin, in our warehouses located in Greer, South Carolina and Melbourne, Florida.
Ooh La Lemin is stored in our co-packers warehouse. 

Our
ability to estimate demand for our products is imprecise, particularly with new products, and may be less precise during periods of rapid
growth, particularly in new markets. If we materially underestimate demand for our products, are unable to secure sufficient ingredients
or raw materials, including, but not limited to, aluminum cans, plastic bottles, caps, labels, flavors, juice concentrates, coffee, tea,
dietary ingredients, other ingredients, and certain sweeteners, are unable to procure adequate packing arrangements, or are unable adequately
or timely to ship our products, we might not be able to satisfy demand on a short-term basis. That short-term supply inability may also
result in a longer-term reduction in orders for our products. 

4 

Raw
Materials and Suppliers 

The
raw materials used in the production of our products are obtained by our co-packers and consist primarily of materials such as the flavors,
caffeine, sugars or sucralose, taurine, vitamins, CBD, and hemp seed protein contained in our beverages, the bottles in which our beverages
are packaged, and the labeling on the outside of our beverages. These principal raw materials are subject to price and availability fluctuations.
We currently rely on a few key co-packers, which in turn rely on a few key suppliers. We continually endeavor to have back-up co-packers,
which co-packers would in turn depend on their third-party suppliers to supply certain of the flavors and concentrates that are used
in our beverages. We are also dependent on these co-packers to negotiate arrangements with their existing suppliers that would enable
us to obtain access to certain of such concentrates or flavor formulas under certain extraordinary circumstances. Additionally, in a
limited number of cases, our co-packers may have contractual restrictions with their suppliers or our co-packers may need to obtain regulatory
approvals and licenses that may limit our co-packers ability to enter into agreements with alternative suppliers. Contractual
restrictions in the agreements we have with certain distributors may also limit our ability to enter into agreements with alternative
distributors. We believe that a satisfactory supply of co-packers will continue to be available at competitive prices, although there
can be no assurance in this regard. With respect to Gold Leaf s operations, we continually endeavor to contract with additional
beverage vendors to ensure we have adequate inventory. We believe that a satisfactory supply of vendors will continue to be available
at competitive prices, although there can be no assurance in this regard. 

Quality
Control 

All
quality control is handled by our co-packers. To date, we have not had any quality issues with our products. In the future, if any quality
issues were to arise, we expect that we would resolve them with the specific co-packer involved or engage a new co-packer for our products. 

Distribution 

Distribution
patterns in the energy drink and water industries are such that large buying groups dictate what products are used in their channels.
Working with these large buying groups could open large distribution channels that could potentially supply our product offerings in
several market segments. We have distribution agreements with each distributor with which we partner that distributes our products. Our
distribution agreements are for a one-year term and typically automatically renews unless the distributor or we terminate the agreement.
We ship product directly from our distribution center in South Carolina, our warehouse in Florida, or directly from our co-packers to
our distribution partners in the United States. Our distributors consist of state-wide tier 1 distributors and regional small-to-medium
size distributors. 

Business
Strategy 

We
have pursued specific and definable market segments with a multi-tiered, multi-channel approach. We have leveraged our products with
direct sales and a distribution strategy using established beverage distributors. We are pursuing direct-ship opportunities, such as
grocery stores and convenient stores, which would allow us to ship product to one location where the direct-ship store could then self-distribute
our product to its multiple retail locations. We also continue to focus on our online presence by selling our products on popular e-commerce
websites, such as Amazon.com, where we ship bulk product to its warehouse and Amazon handles all product fulfillment. Finally, we operate
three e-commerce websites, where we sell directly to consumers in the United States. We continue to look to online retail markets and
additional established distributors for revenue growth. 

Marketing
Strategy 

Our
sales and marketing strategy for all of our beverage products is to focus on developing brand awareness through image enhancing programs
and product samplings. We use our branded vehicles and other promotional vehicles at events, where we offer samples of our products to
consumers. We utilize push-pull methods to enhance shelf and display space exposure in sales outlets (including racks,
coolers, and barrel coolers), advertising, in-store promotions, and in-store placement of point-of-sale materials to encourage demand
from consumers for our products. We collaborate with external marketing companies with diverse experience in product design, innovative
thinking, transparency in decision-making, brand metrics, executive management, sales, and strategic marketing. We also support our brands
with prize promotions, price promotions, competitions, endorsements from selected public and sports figures, sports personality endorsements,
sampling and sponsorship of selected athletes, teams, series, bands, esports, causes, and events. In-store posters, outdoor posters,
social media (directly and through our sponsorships and endorsements), and coupons may also be used to promote our brands. 

5 

We
believe that one of the keys to success in the beverage industry is differentiation, making our brands and products visually appealing
and distinctive from other beverages on the shelves of retailers. We review our products and packaging on an ongoing basis and, where
practical, endeavor to make them different and unique. The labels and graphics for many of our products are redesigned and refreshed
from time to time in order to maximize their visibility and identification, wherever they may be placed in stores, which we continue
to reevaluate from time to time. 

Promotion
Strategy 

Public
relations and industry media have helped in our over-all market awareness plans. Our announcements of distribution partnerships have
assisted in identifying new partners to distribute our products. We believe that announcing these partnerships in industry specific media
help expand market awareness of our products. Feature articles and product reviews have also helped launch and support brand awareness.
We include our products in industry specific buying guides, which has assisted in creating new relationship with distributors and retail
outlets. Finally, we focus on creating products that we believe taste great and use attractive branding with our labels and other materials
to catch consumers attention either in person at a retail store or online on a website. 

Pricing
Strategy 

We
strive to set the pricing of products at levels that are competitive with leaders in each respective market segment. We offer industry-standard
discounts to distributors and retailers. We do not typically include quantity discounts but such discounts may be negotiated with major
buying groups. 

Sales
Strategy 

Our
sales strategy is to exploit the low carb and low-calorie beverage market, along with the energy drink and water markets in 2023, with
the groundwork that we laid out in 2021 and 2022. We believe that tradeshows will play a major role in creating market awareness of our
brands. Currently, our lemonade and energy drinks are available for sale on Amazon.com, Inc. s website, the largest internet-based
retailer in the United States. 

Our
sales and marketing strategy for all our beverages is to focus our efforts on developing brand awareness through image enhancing programs
and product sampling. We use our branded vehicles and other promotional vehicles at events where we offer samples of our products to
consumers. We utilize push-pull methods to enhance shelf and display space exposure in sales outlets (including racks,
coolers, and barrel coolers), advertising, in-store promotions, and in-store placement of point-of-sale materials to encourage demand
from consumers for our products. We also support our brands with prize promotions, price promotions, competitions, endorsements from
selected public and sports figures, sports personality endorsements, sampling and sponsorship of selected athletes, teams, series, bands,
esports, causes, and events. In-store posters, outdoor posters, social media (directly and through our sponsorships and endorsements)
and coupons may also be used to promote our brands. 

We
believe that one of the keys to success in the beverage industry is differentiation, making our brands and products visually appealing
and distinctive from other beverages on the shelves of retailers. We review our products and packaging on an ongoing basis and, where
practical, endeavor to make them different and unique. The labels and graphics for many of our products are redesigned and refreshed
from time to time to maximize their visibility and identification, wherever they may be placed in stores, which we continue to reevaluate
from time to time. 

Intellectual
Property 

Our
policy is to protect our intellectual property through, among other things, a combination of trade secrets, know-how, and trademarks.
We have taken measures to protect our trade secrets and know-how, to the extent possible. We have three trademarks. One is for use of
 Kona Gold Hemp Energy Drinks registered in the Company s name. The second trademark is for the use of HighDrate 
registered in the Company s name. The third trademark is for the use of OOH LA LEMIN registered in the Company s
name. We do not have any patents. 

6 

Government
Regulation and Compliance 

The
production, distribution, and sale in the United States of many of our products are subject to various U.S. federal and state regulations,
including, but not limited to: the FDCA; the Occupational Safety and Health Act; various environmental statutes; the Safe Drinking Water
and Toxic Enforcement Act of 1986 California Proposition 65 and a number of other federal, state, and local statutes
and regulations applicable to the production, transportation, sale, safety, advertising, marketing, labeling, and ingredients of such
products. 

Further,
the regulation of food products in the United States, including products containing CBD, is complex, multi-faceted, and currently undergoing
significant change. The FDA, the FTC, the USDA, and other regulatory authorities at the federal, state, and local levels extensively
regulate, among other things, the research, development, testing, composition, production, import, export, labeling, storage, distribution,
promotion, marketing, and post-market reporting of foods, including those that contain CBD. We, along with our third-party suppliers,
co-packers, and third-party bottlers, are required to navigate a complex regulatory framework. The various federal, state, and local
regulations regarding foods containing CBD are evolving, and we continue to monitor those developments. However, we cannot predict the
timing, scope, or terms of any new or revised state, federal or local regulations relating to animal foods containing CBD. 

Regulation
of Hemp and CBD 

Historically,
the DEA regulated CBD, pursuant to the CSA, which establishes a framework of controls over certain substances, depending on whether they
are classified in one of five risk-based schedules. Schedule I substances are the most stringently controlled, as they have been determined
to have a high potential for abuse, there are no currently accepted medical uses in the United States, and there is a lack of accepted
safety for use of the substance under medical supervision. The CSA classifies marijuana as a Schedule I controlled substance
and previously defined marijuana to include all parts of the cannabis plant, whether growing or not the seeds of
the plant the resin extracted from any part of the plant and every compound mixture, salt, derivative, mixture, or preparation
of the plant, its seeds, or its resin (with a few exceptions, such as mature stalks of the plant and seeds incapable of germination).
Pursuant to this definition, the DEA interpreted CBD to fall within the statutory definition of marijuana as a compound
or derivative of the cannabis plant. 

In
February 2014, Congress enacted the 2014 Farm Bill to allow for the limited growth and cultivation of industrial hemp, which was defined
as including all parts of the cannabis plant, whether growing or not, with a delta-9 THC concentration of not more than 0.3 on a dry
weight basis. This statute also allowed, as permitted by state law, the growing and cultivating of industrial hemp under the auspices
of a state agricultural pilot program and by institutions of higher education and state departments of agriculture. 

In
December 2018, Congress enacted the 2018 Farm Bill to allow more broadly for the production of hemp pursuant to state and tribal plans
overseen by the USDA. The 2018 Farm Bill amended the statutory definition of marijuana under the CSA specifically to exclude
 hemp , which is defined as any part of the cannabis plant, including the seeds thereof and all derivatives, extracts, cannabinoids,
isomers, acids, salts, and salts of isomers, whether growing or not, with a delta-9 THC concentration of not more than 0.3 on a dry
weight basis. Under this definition, as long as CBD meets the statutory definition of hemp, then it is no longer a Schedule
I controlled substance under the CSA. However, the 2018 Farm Bill did not modify the FDCA and specifically preserved the FDA s
authority to regulate products containing cannabis or cannabis-derived compounds, such as CBD, pursuant to the FDCA. 

Under
the 2018 Farm Bill framework, states and Native American tribes may submit to the USDA, through the relevant state department of agriculture,
a plan under which the state or Native American tribe will monitor and regulate the production of industrial hemp. For those states that
do not have an approved state plan, the production of hemp will be subject to a USDA established plan, although states retain the ability
to prohibit hemp production within their borders. On October 31, 2019, the USDA issued the IFR to implement the 2018 Farm Bill, which
established the required regulatory framework governing commercial hemp production in the United States. The USDA has begun reviewing
hemp production plans submitted by state and tribal governments, although several states have informed the USDA that they will continue
to operate under their 2014 Farm Bill pilot programs for the time being. Pursuant to the 2018 Farm Bill, the 2014 Farm Bill will remain
effective until October 31, 2020 (one year after the date of publication of the IFR). In addition, no state or Native American tribe
may prohibit the transportation or shipment of hemp or hemp products produced in accordance with the 2018 Farm Bill through the state
or territory, as applicable. The USDA has interpreted this provision also to apply to interstate transportation of hemp that complies
with the 2014 Farm Bill through October 31, 2020. Effective March 22, 2021, The USDA issued the final rule, which creates the U.S. Domestic
Hemp Production Program. The program provides requirements for maintaining records about the land where hemp is produced, testing the
levels of total delta-9 tetrahydrocannabinol, disposing of non-compliant plants, licensing hemp producers, and ensuring compliance under
the new program. The Agricultural Marketing Service (AMS), has been delegated authority to administer the U.S. Domestic Hemp Production
Program. 

7 

FDA
Regulation of Foods 

The
FDA regulates foods under the FDCA and its implementing regulations. The FDCA defines food as articles used for food or
drink for people or animals, which includes products that are intended primarily for nutritional use, taste, or aroma and the components
of such products. The FDA also imposes certain requirements on foods relating to their composition, production, labeling, and marketing.
Among other items, the facilities in which our products and ingredients are produced must register with the FDA, comply with cGMPs and
comply with a range of food safety requirements. 

Although
foods are not required to obtain premarket approval from the FDA, any substance that is added to or is expected to become a component
of food must be used in accordance with a food additive regulation, unless it is generally recognized as safe GRAS under
the conditions of its intended use. A food may be adulterated if it uses an ingredient that is neither GRAS nor an approved food additive,
and that food may not be legally marketed in the United States. The FDA has confirmed that the use of cannabis or cannabis-derived compounds
in food products is subject to these food additive requirements. At this time, there are no approved food additive petitions or regulations
for any cannabis-derived food additive and, while the FDA has issued a no questions response to certain GRAS notifications
for hemp seed products, these GRAS determinations do not encompass hemp and CBD products more generally. 

Additionally,
the FDCA prohibits the introduction or delivery for introduction into interstate commerce of any food that contains an approved drug
for which substantial clinical investigations have been instituted and made public (unless certain exceptions apply). Under this prohibition,
the FDA has stated that foods that contain CBD are adulterated because CBD is an active ingredient in an FDA-approved drug that was the
subject of substantial clinical investigations before it was marketed as a food, and that none of the exceptions applies. 

Although
the FDA has stated that it interprets the FDCA to prohibit the introduction or delivery for introduction into interstate commerce of
any food into which CBD has been added and has taken enforcement action against marketers of certain CBD products (some in collaboration
with the FTC), the FDA is in the process of evaluating its regulatory approach to products containing cannabis and cannabis-derived compounds.
The FDA has formed an internal working group to evaluate the issue and on May 31, 2019 held a public hearing to obtain scientific data
and information about the safety, producing, product quality, marketing, labeling, and sale of products containing cannabis or cannabis-derived
compounds. The hearing featured extensive discussion from a variety of stakeholders regarding the use of hemp and CBD in FDA-regulated
products, including foods. At the hearing, FDA stated that, while it does not have a policy of enforcement discretion with respect to
any CBD products, the agency s biggest concern is the marketing of products that puts the health and safety of consumers at risk,
such as those claiming to prevent, diagnose, mitigate, treat, or cure serious diseases in the absence of requisite drug approvals. 

Further,
on March 5, 2020, the FDA issued a report to Congress that was required under the 2018 Farm Bill in which the agency announced that it
is currently evaluating a risk-based enforcement policy for CBD to provide more clarity to the industry and the public while the agency
takes potential steps to establish a clear regulatory pathway. Although it is unclear whether or when the FDA will ultimately issue such
an enforcement policy, the agency reemphasized that it will continue to take action against unlawful CBD products that pose a risk of
harm to the public, including products with therapeutic claims products that include contaminants such as heavy metals, THC, and
other harmful substances products associated with false statements, such as omitted ingredients and incorrect statements about
the amount of CBD and products marketed to vulnerable populations, such as infants and children. 

The
labeling of foods is regulated by both the FDA and state regulatory authorities. FDA regulations require proper identification of the
product, a net quantity statement, a statement of the name and place of business of the producer or distributor, and proper listing of
all of the ingredients in order of predominance by weight. The FDA may classify some of our products differently than we do and may impose
more stringent regulations, which could lead to possible enforcement action. 

8 

Under
the FDCA, the FDA may require the recall of a food product if there is a reasonable probability that the product is adulterated or misbranded,
and the use of or exposure to the product will cause serious adverse health consequences or death. In addition, food producers may voluntarily
recall or withdraw their products from the market. If the FDA believes that our products are adulterated, misbranded, or otherwise marketed
in violation of the FDCA, the agency may take further enforcement action, including: 

restrictions
 on the production or marketing of a product 

required
 modification of promotional materials or issuance of corrective marketing information 

issuance
 of safety alerts, press releases, or other communications containing warnings or other safety information about a product 

warning
 or untitled letters 

product
 seizure or detention 

refusal
 to permit the import or export of products 

fines,
 injunctions, or consent decrees and 

imposition
 of civil or criminal penalties. 

Legislation
may be introduced in the United States at the federal, state, and municipal level in respect of each of the subject areas. Public health
officials and health advocates are increasingly focused on the public health consequences associated with obesity, especially as it affects
children, and are seeking legislative change to reduce the consumption of sweetened beverages. There also has been an increased focus
on caffeine content in beverages. 

The
FDA revised regulations with respect to serving size information and nutrition labeling on food and beverage products, including requirements
to disclose the amount of added sugars in such products. In December 2018, the USDA promulgated regulations requiring that, by January
1, 2022, the labels of certain bioengineered foods must include a disclosure that the food is bioengineered. We may incur significant
costs to alter our existing packaging materials to comply with these and other new regulations. Additionally, these new regulations may
impact, reduce, or otherwise affect the purchase and consumption of our products by consumers. 

Proposals
to limit or restrict the sale and/or advertising of energy drinks to minors or persons below a specified age, to restrict the venues
in which energy drinks can be sold, or to restrict the use of the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (formerly food stamps) to
purchase energy drinks have been raised or enacted in certain states, counties, and municipalities throughout the United States. Any
such limitations or restrictions could adversely affect our business, financial condition, or results of operations. 

We
also may in the future be affected by other existing, proposed, and potential future regulations or regulatory actions, any of which
could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Changes in government regulation, or failure to
comply with existing regulations, could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

Environmental
Compliance 

Our
facilities in the United States are subject to federal, state, and local environmental laws and regulations. Compliance with these provisions
has not had, nor do we expect such compliance will have, any material adverse effect upon our capital expenditures, net income, or competitive
position. We believe that we are not subject to any material costs for compliance with any environmental laws. 

9 

Insurance 

Our
products are subject to risks. While we have planned for these contingencies and have purchased insurance to address potential liabilities
associated with product production, there can be no assurance that all potential liabilities will be covered by insurance or that the
insurance coverage will be adequate. 

Employees 

We
believe the people who work for us are critical to our continued success. As of March 27, 2023, we employed a total of 21 persons, all
of whom were employed on a full-time basis. We strive to attract and retain qualified personnel; however, due to the size and scope of
our business, we do not have any formal human capital strategies. 

ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS 

We
have a limited operating history on which to judge our new business prospects and management. 

We
commenced operations in the beverage industry in 2015. Accordingly, we have only a limited operating history upon which to have to base
an evaluation of our business and prospects. Operating results for future periods are subject to numerous uncertainties and we cannot
assure you that we will achieve or sustain profitability. Our prospects must be considered in light of the risks encountered by companies
in the early stage of development, particularly companies in new and rapid evolving markets. We cannot assure you that we will successfully
address any of these risks. 

We
have incurred losses in recent years and may never achieve or maintain profitability. 

We
have had losses for several years and had an accumulated deficit of 23,613,208 at December 31, 2022, which included our net loss of
 7,313,035 for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to an accumulated deficit of 16,300,173, which included net loss of 7,020,137
for year ended December 31, 2021. We have implemented several initiatives intended to improve our revenues and reduce our operating costs
with a goal of profitability. If we are unsuccessful in this regard, it will have a material adverse impact on our business, prospects,
operating results, and financial condition. Our prior losses have had, and any future losses may continue to have, an adverse effect
on our working capital. If we fail to generate revenue and become profitable, or if we are unable to fund our continuing losses, our
stockholders could lose all or part of their investment. 

Our
recurring losses and significant accumulated deficit have raised substantial doubt regarding our ability to continue as a going concern. 

We
have experienced recurring operating losses over the last two years and have a significant accumulated deficit. We expect to continue
to generate operating losses and consume significant cash resources for the foreseeable future. Without additional financing, these conditions
raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern, meaning that we may be unable to continue operations for the
foreseeable future or realize assets and discharge liabilities in the ordinary course of operations. If we seek additional financing
to fund our business activities in the future and there remains doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern, investors or
other financing sources may be unwilling to provide additional funding on commercially reasonable terms or at all. If we are unable to
obtain sufficient funding, our business, prospects, financial condition, and results of operations will be materially and adversely affected,
and we may be unable to continue as a going concern. If we are unable to continue as a going concern, we may have to liquidate our assets
and may receive less than the value at which those assets are carried on our financial statements, and it is likely that our stockholders
will lose all or a part of their investment. 

We
do not have sufficient working capital to fund our planned operations, and, as a result, we may need to raise additional capital in the
future, which may not be available when needed, on acceptable terms or at all. 

We
have limited capital resources. To date, we have financed our operations entirely through equity investments by our management and other
investors, the incurrence of debt, salary deferments, and stock issuance deferments, and we expect to continue to do so in the foreseeable
future. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we relied on aggregate of approximately 6.3 million from incurrence of debt,
salary deferments, and stock issuance deferments, to fund our operations. Taking into account the issuance of a 250,000 note payable
on March 25, 2022, 500,000 debenture on May 4, 2022, the issuance of a 595,000 debenture on July 29, 2022, the issuance of a 250,000
note payable on September 30, 2022, the issuance of approximately 217,000 note payable on December 16, 2022, the issuance of a 900,000
debenture on February 10, 2021, the issuance of a 600,000 debenture on June 10, 2021, the issuance of a 1.5 million debenture on August
20, 2021, and an additional issuance of a 1.5 million debenture on November 1, 2021. 

10 

The
Company believes it has enough cash to sustain operations through December 31, 2023. Subsequent to December 31, 2022, the Company received
proceeds of 760,000 on the sale of notes, including the draw of 200,000 from the issuance of 200,000 line of credit on March 7, 2023,
the draw of 85,000 from the issuance of 85,000 line of credit on March 9, 2023, the issuance of a 475,000 debenture on March 13, 2023,
and the entry into an equity line of credit of up to 5,000,000 on March 30, 2023 (that, as of the Date of this Annual Report, the Company
has not utilized). Taking into account our planned activities and sources of capital, we believe that we will not require additional
funding of our financial obligations and operations for the next 12 months in excess of what we anticipate that we will generate
from our operations and the potential use of the equity line of credit. However, our estimates of our operating revenues and expenses
and working capital requirements could be incorrect, and we may use our cash resources faster than we anticipate. Further, some or all
of our ongoing or planned investments may not be successful and could further deplete our capital without immediate, or any, cash returns. 

Until
we can generate sufficient revenues to finance our cash requirements from our operations, which we may never do, we may need to increase
our liquidity and capital resources by one or more measures, which may include, among others, reducing operating expenses, restructuring
our balance sheet by negotiating with creditors and vendors, entering into strategic partnerships or alliances, or raising additional
financing through the issuance of debt, equity, or convertible securities. Further, even if our near-term liquidity expectations prove
correct, we may still seek to raise capital through one or more of these financing alternatives. However, we may not be able to obtain
capital when needed or desired, on terms acceptable to us or at all. 

Inadequate
working capital would have a material adverse effect on our business and operations and could cause us to fail to execute our business
plan, fail to take advantage of future opportunities, or fail to respond to competitive pressures or customer requirements. A lack of
sufficient funding may also require us to significantly modify our business model and/or reduce or cease our operations. Furthermore,
if we continue to issue equity or convertible debt securities to raise additional funds, our existing stockholders may experience significant
dilution, and the new equity or debt securities may have rights, preferences, and privileges that are superior to those of our existing
stockholders. We may incur substantial costs in pursuing any future capital-raising transactions, including investment banking, legal
and accounting fees, printing and distribution expenses, and other similar costs, which would reduce the benefit of the capital received
from the transaction. 

The
COVID-19 pandemic could have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 

In
January 2020, the WHO announced a global health emergency because of a new strain of coronavirus (known as COVID-19) that originated
in Wuhan, China and generated significant risks to the international community as the virus spread globally beyond its point of origin.
In March 2020, the WHO classified the COVID-19 outbreak as a pandemic based on the rapid increase in global exposure. The COVID-19 pandemic
is disrupting businesses and affecting production and sales across a range of industries, as well as causing volatility in the financial
markets. The extent of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the Company s consumer demand, sales, and financial performance will
depend on certain developments, including, among other things, the duration and spread of the outbreak and the impact on the Company s
consumers and employees, all of which are uncertain and cannot be predicted. Management is actively monitoring this situation and potential
impacts on our financial condition, liquidity, and results of operations. 

11 

We
sell our products in highly competitive markets, which results in pressure on our profit margins and limits our ability to maintain or
increase the market share of our products. 

The
beverage business is a highly competitive and risky business, and is subject to significant competition and pricing pressures. We compete
with many national, regional, and local businesses, many of which have more resources than we do. We could experience increased competition
from existing or new companies in the energy and beverage market, which could create increasing pressures to grow our business. Competitors
could offer products with prices that may match or are lower than the prices we offer. While we believe that the products we offer are
generally competitive with those offered by other companies, continued pricing pressure or improvements in research and shifts in consumer
preferences away from hemp-based beverages could adversely impact our consumer base or pricing structure and could have a material and
adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flow. 

Our
future growth is largely dependent upon our ability to expand successfully into new markets and new distribution channels, as well as
to attract new consumers to our products. 

Our
business operates in markets that are characterized by rapidly changing products, evolving industry standards, and potential new entrants.
Our future success depends upon a number of factors, including our ability to expand our product offerings into new territories and locations
throughout the United States, including having our products offered in national retail stores such as Costco, Walmart, and Target. We
cannot provide any assurance that our products will be offered in any such national chain. Failure to expand our distribution network
to include distributors with reach into national retail stores will have an adverse effect on our growth, which, in turn, could adversely
affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flow. 

Changes
in consumer preferences and perceptions may lessen the demand for our products, which would reduce sales and harm our business. 

We
believe we are highly dependent upon positive consumer perceptions of the safety and quality of our products, as well as similar products
distributed by other companies. Consumer perception of CBD or hemp products in particular can be substantially influenced by scientific
research findings, national media attention, and other publicity about product use. Adverse publicity from these sources regarding the
safety, quality, or efficacy of our products could harm our reputation and results of operations. If consumer preferences and perceptions
of our products change, the resulting demand for our products could decrease, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition,
and results of operations. 

Increases
in our costs materially affect our operating results. 

Our
principal beverage products contain hemp, CBD, and ginseng. Increases in costs of these, or other ingredients in our products paid by
our co-packers, with respect to our Company, or our suppliers, with respect to our Distribution Subsidiary, and the costs of which are
passed on to us, could have a material adverse effect on our profit margins, as well as on our business, financial condition, and operating
results. Further, other factors, such as inflation, increased food costs, increased labor and employee benefit costs, and increased energy
costs may adversely affect our operating costs and we may not be able to pass along any such increased costs to our consumers. Increases
in costs could adversely affect our profitability and operating results. 

We
do not have long-term contracts with any of our co-packers or our suppliers, and as a result they could seek to increase prices significantly
or fail to deliver . 

We
do not rely on written contracts or long-term arrangements with our co-packers or our suppliers. Although we have not experienced significant
problems with our co-packers or our suppliers, as applicable, our co-packers or suppliers may implement significant price increases or
may not meet our requirements in a timely fashion, if at all. If any undesirable issues occur with our current co-packers or suppliers,
we may be forced to find other co-packers and suppliers. We may encounter difficulties in finding substitute co-packers in a timely manner,
if at all, given the strict licensing requirements in the CBD industry and the limited number of co-packers that currently hold such
licenses that are necessary to comply with federal law. We may not be able to obtain terms as favorable as those received from our current
co-packers and suppliers, which in turn would increase our costs. In addition, it is possible that the substitute co-packers and suppliers
may not have the necessary materials to meet our demand. 

We
must monitor our inventory and product mix against forecasted demand on a continuous basis. If we underestimate demand, we risk having
inadequate supplies. We also face the risk of having too much inventory on hand that may reach its expiration date and become unsalable,
and we may be forced to rely on markdowns or promotional sales to dispose of excess or slow-moving inventory. If we are unable to manage
our supply chain effectively, our operating costs could increase and our profit margins could decrease, which could have a material adverse
effect on our financial condition, operating results, and cash flow. 

12 

Any
prolonged disruption in the operations of any of our co-packing facilities could harm our business. 

All
of our distribution is managed domestically. Any prolonged disruption in the operations of any of these facilities, whether due to technical
or labor difficulties, destruction or damage to the facility, real estate issues, or other reasons, could result in increased costs and
reduced revenues and our profitability and prospects could be harmed. 

We
may not be able to manage our co-packing capabilities effectively, which may adversely affect our results of operations. 

We
must accurately forecast demand for all of our products in order to ensure that we have enough products available to meet the needs of
our consumers. Our forecasts are based on multiple assumptions that may cause our estimates to be inaccurate and affect our ability to
ensure that we have sufficient co-packing capacity to meet the demand for our products, which could prevent us from meeting increased
consumer demand and harm our brand and our business. If we do not accurately align our co-packing capabilities with demand, our business,
financial condition, and results of operations may be materially adversely affected. 

If
the ingredients used in our products are contaminated, alleged to be contaminated, or are otherwise rumored to have adverse effects,
our results of operations could be adversely affected. 

We,
through our co-packers, buy ingredients from a variety of third-party suppliers. If these materials are alleged or prove to include contaminants
that affect the safety or quality of our products or are otherwise rumored to have adverse effects, for any reason, we may sustain the
costs of, and possible litigation resulting from, a product recall and need to find alternative ingredients, to delay production, or
to discard or otherwise dispose of products, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of
operations. In addition, even if product liability claims against us are not successful or are not fully pursued, these claims could
be costly and time-consuming and could require our management to spend their time defending claims, rather than operating our business. 

Our
business depends, in part, on the sufficiency and effectiveness of our marketing. 

Due
to the competitive nature of our industry, we must effectively and efficiently promote and market our products through advertisements
to sustain and improve our competitive position in our market. Marketing investments may be costly. In addition, we may, from time to
time, change our marketing strategies and spending. We may also change our marketing strategies and spending in response to actions by
our consumers, competitors, and other companies that produce and/or distribute beverage products. The sufficiency and effectiveness of
our marketing are important to our ability to retain and improve our market share and margins. If our marketing is not successful or
if we fail to implement sufficient and effective marketing or adequately respond to changes in industry marketing strategies, our business,
financial condition, and results of operations may be adversely affected. 

Loss
of key personnel or our inability to attract and retain new qualified personnel could hurt our business and inhibit our ability to operate
and grow successfully. 

We
have benefited substantially from the leadership and performance of our senior management, as well as other key employees. Our ability
to grow our brand successfully hinges on our ability to retain our current management and key employees, and to attract and retain qualified
personnel in the future. We cannot provide any assurance that we will be able to retain our personnel or attract new, qualified personnel.
In addition, we do not maintain any key person life insurance policies. The loss of the services of members of our senior
management or key employees could prevent or delay the implementation and completion of our strategic objectives or divert management s
attention to seeking qualified replacements. If we are unable to attract or retain key personnel, our profitability and growth potential
could be harmed. 

13 

We
may not be able to protect our intellectual property adequately, which could harm the value of our brands and branded products and adversely
affect our business. 

We
depend in large part on our brands and branded products and believe that they are very important to our business, as well as on our proprietary
hemp-infused processes. We rely on a combination of trademarks, trade secrets, and similar intellectual property rights to protect our
brands and branded products. The success of our business depends on our continued ability to use our existing trademarks in order to
increase brand awareness and further develop our branded products in domestic markets. We own three trademarks that are registered with
the USPTO and have another trademark registration pending in the United States. We may not be able to protect our trademarks adequately
and our use of trademarks may result in liability for trademark infringement, trademark dilution, or unfair competition. We may from
time to time be required to institute litigation to enforce our trademarks or other intellectual property rights, or to protect our trade
secrets. Such litigation could result in substantial costs and diversion of resources and could negatively affect our sales, profitability,
and prospects, regardless of whether we are able to successfully enforce our rights. Our failure to obtain or maintain adequate protection
of our intellectual property rights for any reason could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial
condition. 

We
may be subject to product liability claims or regulatory actions if our products are alleged to have caused significant loss or injury. 

We
may be subject to product liability claims, regulatory action, and litigation if our products are alleged to have caused loss or injury
or failed to include adequate instructions for use or failed to include adequate warnings concerning possible side effects or interactions
with other substances. Previously unknown adverse reactions resulting from consumption of CBD products alone or in combination with medications
or other substances could also occur. In addition, the sale of any ingested product involves a risk of injury due to tampering by unauthorized
third parties or product contamination. Our products may also be subject to product recalls, including voluntary recalls or withdrawals,
if they are alleged to pose a risk of injury or illness, or if they are alleged to have been mislabeled, misbranded, or adulterated,
or otherwise to be in violation of governmental regulations. A product liability claim or regulatory action against us could result in
increased costs and could adversely affect our reputation and goodwill with our consumers generally. There can be no assurance that we
will be able to obtain and maintain product liability insurance on acceptable terms or with adequate coverage against potential liabilities.
Such insurance is expensive and may not be available in the future on acceptable terms, or at all. The inability to obtain sufficient
insurance coverage on reasonable terms or otherwise to protect against potential product liability claims could result in us becoming
subject to significant liabilities that are uninsured and also could adversely affect our commercial arrangements with third parties. 

Our
annual and quarterly financial results are subject to significant fluctuations due to a variety of factors, many of which are beyond
our control, which makes our results difficult to predict and could cause our results to fall short of expectations. 

Our
operating results can vary significantly from quarter-to-quarter and year-to-year depending on various factors, many of which are beyond
our control. As a result, comparing our operating results on a period-to-period basis may not be meaningful, and you should not rely
on our past results as an indication of our future performance. Our operating results in future quarters may fall below expectations.
Each of the following factors may affect our operating results: 

the
 level of product and price competition; 

variations
 in the timing and volume of our sales; 

our
 ability to deliver products in a timely manner in sufficient volumes; 

our
 ability to recognize product trends; 

our
 success in expanding our business network and managing our growth; 

our
 ability to develop and market product enhancements and new products; 

the
 timing of product enhancements, activities of and acquisitions by competitors; 

the
 ability to hire additional qualified employees; and 

our
 ability to control costs. 

14 

Consequently,
our results of operations may decline quickly and significantly in response to changes in order patterns or rapid decreases in demand
for our products. We anticipate that fluctuations in operating results will continue in the future; thus, our historical operating results
may not be useful to you in predicting our future operating results. 

We
may require additional capital to finance our operations in the future, but that capital may not be available when it is needed and could
be dilutive to existing stockholders. 

We
may require additional capital for future operations. We plan to finance anticipated ongoing expenses and capital requirements with funds
generated from the following sources: (i) cash provided by operating activities; (ii) available cash and cash investments; and (iii)
capital raised through debt and equity transactions. Current conditions in the capital markets are such that traditional sources of capital
may not be available to us when needed or may be available only on unfavorable terms. Our ability to raise additional capital, if needed,
will depend on conditions in the capital markets, economic conditions, and a number of other factors, many of which are outside of our
control, and on our financial performance. Accordingly, we cannot assure you that we will be able to raise additional capital successfully
at all or on terms that are acceptable to us. If we cannot raise additional capital when needed, it may have a material adverse effect
on our liquidity, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. Further, if we raise capital by issuing stock, the holdings
of our existing stockholders will be diluted. 

If
we raise capital by issuing debt securities, such debt securities would rank senior to our shares of common stock, 0.00001 par value
per share (our Common Stock ), upon our bankruptcy or liquidation. In addition, we may raise capital by issuing equity securities
that may be senior to our Common Stock for the purposes of dividend and liquidating distributions, which may adversely affect the market
price of our Common Stock. Finally, upon bankruptcy or liquidation, holders of our debt securities and shares of our preferred stock
and our lenders with respect to other borrowings will receive a distribution of our available assets prior to the holders of our Common
Stock. Additional equity offerings may dilute the holdings of our existing stockholders or reduce the market price of our Common Stock,
or both. 

The
success of our new and existing products is uncertain. 

We
have committed, and expect to continue to commit, significant resources and capital to develop and market existing product enhancements
and new products. These products are relatively untested, and we cannot assure you that we will achieve market acceptance for these products,
or other new products that we may offer in the future. Moreover, these and other new products may be subject to significant competition
with offerings by new and existing competitors. In addition, new products and enhancements may pose a variety of technical challenges
and require us to attract additional qualified employees. The failure to develop and market these new products or enhancements successfully
could seriously harm our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

Our
business is dependent upon market acceptance by consumers. 

We
are substantially dependent on market acceptance of our products by consumers, our ability to change with consumer tastes, and to meet
consumer needs with new products. If consumers do not accept our products, our sales and revenue will either fail to materialize or decline,
resulting in a reduction in our operating income or possible increases in losses. Demand for CBD and hemp products is also influenced
by the popularity of certain aesthetics, cultural and demographic trends, marketing and advertising expenditures, legality concerns,
and general economic conditions. Because these factors can change rapidly, consumer demand also can shift quickly. The success of new
product introductions depends on various factors, including product selection and quality, sales and marketing efforts, and timely production.
We may not always be able to respond quickly and effectively to changes in consumer taste and demand due to the amount of time and financial
resources that may be required to bring new products to market. The inability to respond quickly to market changes could have an impact
on our expected growth potential and the growth potential of the market for CBD and hemp beverages. Even if this market develops, we
may not succeed in our plan to become a category leader. Although we believe that our products in the United States are gaining better
consumer acceptance, we cannot predict the future growth rate and size of this market. 

15 

If
we are able to expand our operations, we may be unable to manage our future growth successfully. 

If
we are able to expand our operations in the United States, as planned, we may experience periods of rapid growth, which will require
additional resources. Any such growth could place substantial strain on our management and our operational, financial, and other resources,
and we will need to train, motivate, and manage current employees, as well as attract management, sales, finance and accounting, technical,
and other professionals. In addition, we will need to expand the scope of our infrastructure and our physical resources. Any failure
to expand these areas and implement appropriate procedures and controls in an efficient manner and at a pace consistent with our business
objectives and such growth could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 

Any
future litigation, or settlements resulting from legal proceedings relating to our business operations, could have a material adverse
impact on our results of operations, and financial condition, and liquidity. 

From
time to time, we may be subject to allegations, and may be party to legal claims and regulatory proceedings, relating to our business
operations. Such allegations, claims, and proceedings may be brought by third parties, including our consumers, employees, governmental
or regulatory bodies, or competitors. Defending against such claims and proceedings, regardless of their merits or outcomes, is costly
and time consuming and may divert management s attention and personnel resources from our normal business operations, and the outcome
of many of these claims and proceedings cannot be predicted. If any of these claims or proceedings were to be determined adversely to
us, a judgment, a fine, or a settlement involving a payment of a material sum of money were to occur, or injunctive relief were issued
against us, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. Our reputation could
also be affected and such adverse litigation results or publicity may also negatively impact our business, financial condition, and results
of operations. 

Premiums
for our insurance coverage may not continue to be commercially justifiable, and our insurance coverage may have limitations and other
exclusions and may not be sufficient to cover our potential liabilities. 

We
have insurance to protect our assets, operations, and employees. While we believe our insurance coverage addresses all material risks
to which we are exposed and is adequate and customary in our current state of operations, such insurance is subject to coverage limits
and exclusions and may not be available for the risks and hazards to which we are exposed. No assurance can be given that such insurance
will be adequate to cover our liabilities or will be generally available in the future or, if available, that premiums will be commercially
justifiable. In addition, insurance that is otherwise readily available, such as general liability, and directors and officers 
insurance, may become more difficult for us to find, and become more expensive, due to our CBD products. We cannot provide any assurance
that we will be able to obtain such insurance in the future, or that the cost will be affordable to us. If we are unable to obtain such
insurance, or if we were to incur substantial liability that was not covered by insurance or was in excess of policy limits, we may be
prevented from entering into certain business sectors, our growth may be inhibited, and we may be exposed to additional risk and financial
liabilities, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 

Risks
Related to the Regulation of Our Business and Products 

We
and our co-packers and suppliers are subject to extensive governmental regulation and may be subject to enforcement if we are not in
compliance with applicable requirements. 

We
and our co-packers and suppliers are subject to a broad range of federal, state, and local laws and regulations that govern, among other
issues, the testing, development, production, distribution, marketing, and post-market reporting of foods, including those that contain
CBD. These include laws administered by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration FDA ), the U.S. Federal Trade Commission FTC ), the U.S. Department of Agriculture USDA ), and other federal, state, and local regulatory authorities.
Because we market products that are regulated as food, we and the companies that co-pack our products are subject to the requirements
of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act FDCA and regulations promulgated thereunder by the FDA. The statute and regulations
govern, among other things, the production, composition, ingredients, packaging, labeling, and safety of beverages. The FDA requires
that facilities that produce food products comply with a range of requirements, including hazard analysis and preventative controls regulations,
current good manufacturing practices cGMPs ), and supplier verification requirements. Production facilities are subject
to periodic inspection by federal, state, and local authorities. If we cannot successfully contract with co-packers for our products
and if they cannot conform to our specifications and the strict regulatory requirements of the FDA and applicable state and local laws,
they may be subject to adverse inspectional findings or enforcement actions, which could materially impact our ability to market our
products, could result in their inability to continue to co-pack for us, or could result in a recall of our products that have already
been distributed. If the FDA or other regulatory authority determines that we or they have not complied with the applicable regulatory
requirements, our business, financial condition, and results of operations may be materially adversely impacted. If we do not comply
with labeling requirements, including making unlawful claims about our products, we could be subject to public warning letters and possible
further enforcement actions (which other companies distributing CBD products have faced). 

16 

Failure
by us, our co-packers, or our suppliers to comply with applicable laws and regulations or to obtain and maintain necessary permits, licenses,
and registrations relating to our operations could subject us to administrative and civil penalties, including fines, injunctions, recalls
or seizures, warning letters, restrictions on the production or marketing of our products, or refusals to permit the import or export
of products, as well as potential criminal sanctions, any or all of which could result in increased operating costs resulting in a material
effect on our operating results and business. 

The
FDA has stated that it interprets the FDCA to prohibit the sale of food products that contain CBD. The FDA is currently evaluating a
potential regulatory pathway for CBD products pursuant to its current authority; but, unless and until such changes are promulgated,
the FDA and other federal and state regulatory authorities could take enforcement action to prevent us from marketing beverages with
CBD, which could adversely impact our business, financial condition, and results of operations or cause us to halt product sales altogether. 

Although
hemp and CBD are no longer controlled substances subject to regulation by the U.S. Drug Enforcement Agency (the DEA ), the
FDA has stated publicly that it is nonetheless unlawful under the FDCA to introduce food containing CBD into interstate commerce. The
FDCA prohibits the introduction or delivery for introduction into interstate commerce of any food that contains an approved drug or a
drug for which substantial clinical investigations have been instituted and made public, unless a statutory exemption applies. The FDA
has publicly stated its conclusion that none of the statutory exceptions has been met for CBD. 

On
May 31, 2019, the FDA held a public hearing to obtain scientific data and information about the safety, production, product quality,
marketing, labeling, and sale of products containing cannabis or cannabis-derived compounds (such as CBD) to provide the FDA with information
as it considers policy options related to the regulation of these products, particularly in light of the changes to the legal status
of hemp enacted in the Agriculture Improvement Act of 2018 (the 2018 Farm Bill ). The FDA has also formed an internal working
group to evaluate the potential pathways to market for CBD products, which could include seeking statutory changes from Congress or promulgating
new regulations. If legislative action is necessary, such legislative changes could take years to finalize and may not include provisions
that would enable us to produce, market, and/or sell our CBD products, and the FDA could similarly take years to promulgate new regulations.
Additionally, while the FDA s enforcement focus to date has primarily been on CBD products that are associated with therapeutic
claims, the agency has recently issued warning letters to companies that market CBD products without such claims. There is an unquantifiable
risk that the FDA could take enforcement action against us, our co-packers, or our suppliers, or those marketing similar products to
us, which could limit or prevent us from marketing our products and have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition,
and results of operations. While the FDA announced on March 5, 2020 that it is currently evaluating a risk-based enforcement policy for
CBD to provide more clarity to the industry and the public while the agency takes potential steps to establish a clear regulatory pathway,
it remains unclear whether or when the FDA will ultimately issue such an enforcement policy. 

Moreover,
local, state, federal, and international CBD, hemp, and cannabis laws and regulations are rapidly changing and subject to evolving interpretations,
which could require us to incur substantial costs associated with compliance requirements or alteration of certain aspects of our business
plan in the event that our CBD products become subject to new restrictions. In addition, violations of these laws, or allegations of
such violations, could disrupt our business and result in a material adverse effect on our operations. It is also possible that regulations
may be enacted in the future that will be directly applicable to our products. We cannot predict the nature of any future laws, regulations,
interpretations, or applications, nor can we determine what effect additional governmental regulations or administrative policies and
procedures, when and if promulgated, could have on our activities in the hemp and CBD industry. The constant evolution of laws and regulations
may require us to incur substantial costs associated with legal and compliance fees and ultimately require us to alter our business plan. 

17 

Our
products contain CBD derived from hemp. The 2018 Farm Bill enacted a number of changes to the legal status of hemp and hemp products,
including removal from the statutory list of controlled substances. However, implementation of the 2018 Farm Bill is ongoing, and there
is still significant uncertainty regarding the legal status of hemp and hemp-based products under U.S. law. 

Our
products that contain CBD are subject to various state and federal laws regarding the production and sale of hemp-based products. Historically,
the DEA had interpreted CBD to be subject to the Controlled Substances Act (the CSA under the definition for marijuana, 
a Schedule I controlled substance. However, the 2018 Farm Bill removed hemp, from the definition of marijuana. 
 Hemp is defined as the plant, Cannabis sativa L., and any part of that plant, including the seeds thereof and all derivatives,
extracts, cannabinoids, isomers, acids, salts, and salts of isomers, whether growing or not, with a delta-9 tetrahydrocannabinol THC concentration of not more than 0.3 on a dry weight basis. As a result of the enactment of the 2018 Farm Bill, and since we believe that
the CBD contained in our products and the hemp from which it is derived meet the definition of hemp, we believe that our
CBD products and the hemp from which they are derived are not Schedule I controlled substances under the CSA. However, there is a risk
that we could be subject to enforcement action, including prosecution, if any of our products are determined not to meet the definition
of hemp and to constitute marijuana under the CSA based on THC levels or other violations, which would have
a negative impact on our business and operations. 

In
addition, the 2018 Farm Bill contained provisions that require the USDA, among other things, to promulgate a new regulatory framework
that will govern the growth and cultivation of hemp, where hemp grown in compliance with the framework would be permitted in interstate
commerce throughout the United States. On October 31, 2019, the USDA issued an interim final rule IFR establishing the
regulations necessary for domestic hemp production, including provisions for the USDA to approve plans submitted by states and Native
American tribes for the monitoring and regulation of hemp production at the state level. Effective March 22, 2021, The USDA issued the
final rule, which creates the U.S. Domestic Hemp Production Program. The program provides requirements for maintaining records about
the land where hemp is produced, testing the levels of total delta-9 tetrahydrocannabinol, disposing of non-compliant plants, licensing
hemp producers, and ensuring compliance under the new program. The Agricultural Marketing Service (AMS), has been delegated authority
to administer the U.S. Domestic Hemp Production Program. While the 2018 Farm Bill requires state and tribal plans to meet certain basic
requirements as outlined in the IFR, nothing preempts or limits state or tribal laws that are more stringent than the 2018 Farm Bill,
and the requirements for lawful hemp production will vary from state to state. We and our co-packers and suppliers must expend resources
to monitor the evolving federal and state legal landscape for hemp production, and any violations of these laws, or alleged violations,
could disrupt our business and result in a material adverse effect on our operations. 

Within
the United States, we and our co-packers and suppliers face a variety of state and local restrictions on the cultivation of hemp, and
if state or local regulatory authorities take enforcement action to prevent us from selling our products, our business, financial condition,
and results of operations could be materially adversely impacted. 

The
growth and cultivation of hemp is subject to a complex regulatory framework that is implemented and affected by multiple federal agencies,
as well as state and local authorities. In 2014, four years prior to enacting the 2018 Farm Bill, Congress enacted the Agricultural Act
of 2014 (the 2014 Farm Bill to allow for the limited growth and cultivation of industrial hemp under federal law. This
statute allowed institutions of higher education and state departments of agriculture to grow and cultivate industrial hemp for agricultural
or other academic research purposes, or for hemp to be grown under the auspices of a state agricultural pilot program, in states where
such growth and cultivation is legal under state law. While the 2014 Farm Bill will be repealed after October 31, 2020, and although
the 2018 Farm Bill created a pathway under which hemp and its derivatives, including CBD, would no longer be a Schedule I controlled
substance under the CSA and would be protected from interference in interstate commerce, the USDA only recently issued the IFR that contains
the regulatory framework that will govern the growth and cultivation of hemp, and, currently, several states continue to operate under
the 2014 Farm Bill. Alongside the current federal regulatory developments, state and local authorities have enacted their own restrictions
on the cultivation or sale of hemp or hemp-derived CBD, including laws that ban the cultivation or possession of hemp or any other plant
of the cannabis genus and derivatives thereof, such as CBD. Currently several states ban the cultivation and possession of hemp or CBD,
while others have taken enforcement action against human food products that contain CBD, and states may enact new laws or regulations
that prohibit or limit the sale of such products at any time. In the event of a change in federal or state laws and regulations that
are adverse to our CBD products, we may be restricted or limited with respect to sale or distribution of those products, which could
adversely impact our intended business plan with respect to such products. 

18 

The
USDA has only recently issued the IFR and started accepting state and tribal hemp production plans for review, and it remains to be seen
which states will submit their own regulatory plans for the cultivation of hemp and which will become subject to the USDA framework.
The timing and content of state regulatory plans may impact our ability to obtain sufficient quantities of CBD at an acceptable price
and on a timely basis. If our current co-packers and suppliers were to face increased regulation or be unable to continue to supply our
business, we may be unable to fulfill orders for our products or find a suitable replacement co-packers and suppliers in a timely fashion
or with comparable pricing. If our current co-packers or suppliers or any future co-packers or suppliers fail to comply with the applicable
regulatory requirements, our business may suffer. 

Changes
in existing laws or regulations, including how such existing laws or regulations are enforced by federal, state, and local authorities,
or the adoption of new laws or regulations may increase our costs and otherwise adversely affect our business, financial condition, and
results of operations. 

In
addition to the legal framework applicable to hemp and CBD, the production and marketing of food products is highly regulated, and we
and our co-packers and suppliers are subject to a variety of federal and state laws and regulations applicable to food. These laws and
regulations apply to many aspects of our business, including the co-packing, packaging, labeling, distribution, advertising, sale, quality,
and safety of our products. We could incur costs, including fines, penalties, and third-party claims, in the event of any violations
of, or liabilities under, such requirements, including any competitor or consumer challenges relating to compliance with such requirements.
For example, in connection with the marketing and advertising of our products, we could be the target of claims relating to false or
deceptive advertising, including under the auspices of the FTC and state consumer protection statutes. 

The
regulatory environment in which we operate could change significantly and adversely in the future. The laws and regulations that apply
to our products and business may change in the future and we may incur (directly or indirectly through our co-packers or suppliers) material
costs to comply with current or future laws and regulations or any required product recalls. Any change in production, labeling, or marketing
requirements for our products may lead to an increase in costs or interruptions in our production or raw material supply, either or both
of which could adversely affect our operations and financial condition. For example, recent federal and state attention to the sale of
CBD-containing products, and specifically food products that contain CBD, could result in standards or requirements that mandate changes
to our current product ingredients, labeling, or marketing. New or revised government laws and regulations could significantly limit
our ability to operate our business as it is currently being conducted, result in additional compliance costs, and, in the event of noncompliance,
could lead to administrative or civil remedies, including fines, injunctions, withdrawals, recalls, or seizures and confiscations, as
well as potential criminal sanctions. 

Any
such changes or actions by the FDA or other regulatory agencies could have a material adverse effect on our co-packers, our suppliers,
and our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

Government
scrutiny, warnings, and public perception could increase our costs of production and increase our legal and regulatory expenses, and
if we are unable to comply with the applicable requirements for marketing beverages, we could face substantial civil and criminal penalties. 

Producing,
processing, labeling, packaging, storing, and distributing food products are activities that are subject to extensive federal, state,
and local regulation. In the United States, these operations are regulated by the FDA and various state and local public health and agricultural
agencies. The FDA Food Safety Modernization Act of 2011 provides direct recall authority to the FDA for food products and includes a
number of other provisions that are designed to enhance food safety, including increased inspections by the FDA of domestic food facilities.
Compliance with government regulation can be costly or may otherwise adversely affect our business. Moreover, failure to comply with
applicable laws and regulations could subject us to civil remedies, including fines, injunctions, recalls, or seizures, as well as potential
criminal sanctions, which could in turn have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

19 

We
operate in a highly regulated environment with constantly evolving legal and regulatory frameworks. Consequently, we are subject to heightened
risk of legal claims, government investigations, or regulatory enforcement actions. Although we have implemented policies and procedures
designed to ensure compliance with existing laws and regulations, there can be no assurance that our employees, temporary workers, contractors,
or agents might not violate our policies and procedures. Moreover, a failure to maintain effective regulatory compliance policies and
procedures could lead to violations, unintentional or otherwise, of laws and regulations. Legal claims, government investigations, or
regulatory enforcement actions arising out of our failure or alleged failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations could subject
us to civil and criminal penalties that could materially and adversely affect our product sales, reputation, financial condition, and
operating results. In addition, the costs and other effects of defending potential and pending litigation and administrative actions
against us may be difficult to determine and could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

Because
there has been limited study on the effects of CBD, future nonclinical and clinical research studies and analysis of such studies by
third parties, including government agencies, may lead to conclusions that dispute or conflict with our understandings and beliefs regarding
the benefits, viability, safety, dosing, and social acceptance of CBD. 

Research
in the United States and internationally regarding the benefits, viability, safety, and dosing of isolated cannabinoids (such as CBD
or THC) remains in relatively early stages. There have been few clinical trials on the benefits of CBD conducted on humans or animals,
including studies focused on the consumption of CBD in foods. 

Future
research and clinical trials may draw opposing conclusions to statements contained in current articles, reports, and studies regarding
CBD or could reach different or negative conclusions regarding the medical benefits, viability, safety, dosing, or other facts and perceptions
related to CBD, which could adversely affect acceptance of CBD in foods and the demand for such products. Future research may also cause
regulatory authorities to change how they enforce regulatory restrictions applicable to hemp and CBD. We cannot predict any negative
research and clinical trial findings in the future that may have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and
results of operation. 

Negative
publicity from being in the hemp and CBD space could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results
of operations. 

Hemp
and marijuana are both varieties of the plant, Cannabis sativa L., except that hemp, as defined by federal law for exemption from Schedule
I of the CSA, has a delta-9 THC concentration of not more than 0.3 on a dry weight basis. The same plant with a higher THC content is
considered to be marijuana, which is legal for medical and recreational use under certain state laws, but which is not legal under federal
law. The similarities between these plants can cause confusion, and our activities with hemp may be incorrectly perceived that we are
involved in federally illegal marijuana activities. 

Further,
despite growing support for the cannabis industry and the legalization of marijuana in certain U.S. states, many individuals and businesses
remain opposed to the cultivation and sale of cannabis and cannabis-derived products. Any negative publicity resulting from an incorrect
perception that we operate in the marijuana space could result in a loss of current or future business. It could also adversely affect
the public s perception of us or our Common Stock and could lead to reluctance by new parties to do business with or to invest
in us. We cannot assure you that additional business partners, including, but not limited to, financial institutions and distributors
and resellers, will not attempt to end or curtail their relationships with us. Any such negative press or impacts to our business relationships
could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

Our
ability to deduct certain business expenses for income tax purposes is subject to uncertainty. 

Section
280E of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ), prohibits the deduction of certain otherwise ordinary
business expenses from carrying on any trade or business that consists of trafficking Schedule I or II controlled substances,
as defined by the CSA. Under existing Internal Revenue Service guidance, the bulk of operating costs and general administrative costs
of trades or businesses that are subject to Section 280E of the Code are not permitted to be deducted. Although the 2018 Farm Bill created
a pathway under which hemp and its derivatives, including CBD, would no longer be a Schedule I controlled substance under the CSA, until
the USDA implements regulations pursuant to the 2018 Farm Bill, we believe our ability to deduct certain ordinary business expenses requires
compliance with the 2014 Farm Bill. We do not believe that Section 280E of the Code currently forbids our deduction of otherwise ordinary
business expenses because we believe that we are in compliance with the 2014 Farm Bill and/or the products we sell are from co-packers
and suppliers that are compliant with the 2014 Farm Bill. However, until the USDA promulgates regulations under the 2018 Farm Bill, governmentally
determined non-compliance with the 2014 Farm Bill by us, our co-packers, or their suppliers may have a material adverse tax effect on
us. 

20 

Risks
Related to an Investment in Our Common Stock 

There
is currently a limited public market for our Common Stock; a trading market for our Common Stock may never develop; and our Common Stock
prices may be volatile and could decline substantially. 

Although
from April 15, 2020 to March 14, 2022, our Common Stock was quoted on the OTCQB Venture Market, an over-the-counter quotation
system maintained by the OTC Markets Group Inc. (the OTCM ), under the symbol KGKG, and, is currently quoted
on the Pink Open Market, there has been no material public market for our Common Stock. In the over-the-counter market,
our stockholders may find it more difficult to obtain accurate quotations as to the market value of their shares of our Common Stock
and may find fewer buyers to purchase their stock and fewer market makers to support its price than if our Common Stock were listed on
a national securities exchange, such as the New York Stock Exchange, the NYSE American, or the Nasdaq Stock Market. As a result of these
and other factors, investors may be unable to resell shares of our Common Stock at or above the price at which they purchased them, at
or near quoted bid prices, or at all. Further, an inactive market may also impair our ability to raise capital by selling additional
equity in the future, and may impair our ability to enter into strategic partnerships or acquire companies or products by using shares
of our Common Stock as currency. 

We
intend to list shares of our Common Stock on a national securities exchange in the future; but, we do not now, and may not in the future,
meet the initial listing standards of any national securities exchange, which often provides a more widely-traded and liquid market.
Some, but not all, of the factors that may delay or prevent the listing of shares of our Common Stock on a national securities exchange
include the following: our stockholders equity may be insufficient the market value of our outstanding Common Stock may
be too low our net income from operations may be too low or not sustained for the requisite period of time our Common Stock
may not be sufficiently widely held we may not be able to secure market makers for our Common Stock and we may fail to meet
other rules and requirements mandated by the several exchanges and markets to have our Common Stock listed. Should we fail to satisfy
the initial listing standards of the national securities exchanges, or if our Common Stock is otherwise rejected for listing, and remains
quoted on the Pink Open Market or again is quoted on the OTCQB Venture Market, the quoted price of our
Common Stock could suffer and the trading market for our Common Stock may become less liquid and our Common Stock price may be subject
to increased volatility. 

Therefore,
an active, liquid, and orderly trading market for our Common Stock may not initially develop or be sustained, which could significantly
depress the public price of our Common Stock and/or result in significant volatility, which could affect your ability to sell your shares
of our Common Stock. Even if an active trading market were to develop for our Common Stock, the market price of our Common Stock may
be highly volatile and subject to wide fluctuations. Our financial performance, government regulatory action, tax laws, interest rates,
and market conditions in general could have a significant impact on the future market price of our Common Stock. 

We
are not subject to the rules of a national securities exchange requiring the adoption of certain corporate governance measures and, as
a result, our stockholders do not have the same protections. 

Because
our Common Stock was quoted on the OTCQB Venture Market from April 15, 2020 to March 14, 2022, and currently, is quoted
on the Pink Open Market, we are not subject to the rules of a national securities exchange, such as the New York Stock
Exchange, the NYSE-American, or the Nasdaq Stock Market. National securities exchanges generally require more rigorous measures relating
to corporate governance that are designed to enhance the integrity of corporate management. The requirements of the OTCQB 
Venture Market and the Pink Open Market afford our stockholders fewer corporate governance protections than those of
a national securities exchange. Until we comply with such greater corporate governance measures, even though such compliance is not required
by the OTCM for quotations of shares of our Common Stock on the OTCQB Venture Market or the Pink Open
Market, our stockholders will have fewer protections, such as those related to director independence, stockholder approval rights, and
governance measures that are designed to provide oversight of a corporation s management by its board of directors. 

21 

Our
Common Stock is currently subject to the penny stock rules; accordingly, it could adversely affect the market price of
our Common Stock and increase your transaction costs to sell those shares. 

The
SEC has adopted Rule 3a51-1, which defines a penny stock as any equity security that has a market price of less than 5.00
per share or with an exercise price of less than 5.00 per share, subject to certain exceptions. Because the price of our Common Stock
is less than 5.00 (and we do not meet any of the alternative exemptive criteria), our Common Stock is deemed to be a penny stock. For
any transaction involving a penny stock, unless exempt, Rule 15g-9 requires that a broker-dealer must make a special written determination
that the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and receive (i) the purchaser s written acknowledgment of the receipt
of a risk disclosure statement (ii) a written agreement to transactions involving penny stocks and (iii) a signed and dated
copy of a written suitability statement. Generally, brokers may be less willing to execute transactions in securities subject to the
 penny stock rules. This may make it more difficult for investors to dispose of our Common Stock and cause a decline in
the market value of our Common Stock. 

Our
stock price has been extremely volatile, which could cause the value of an investment in our Common Stock to decline. 

The
market price of our Common Stock has been extremely volatile and could be subject to significant fluctuations due to changes in sentiment
in the market regarding our operations or business prospects, among other factors. The public price of our Common Stock following the
date of this annual report also could be subject to wide fluctuations in response to the risk factors described in this annual report
and others beyond our control, including: 

the
 number of shares of our Common Stock publicly owned and available for trading; 

industry
 trends and the business success of our competitors; 

actual
 or anticipated fluctuations in our quarterly financial and operating results and operating results that vary from the expectations
 of our management or of securities analysts and investors; 

our
 failure to meet the expectations of the investment community and changes in investment community recommendations or estimates of
 our future operating results; 

announcements
 of strategic developments, acquisitions, dispositions, financings, product developments, and other materials events by us or our
 competitors; 

regulatory
 and legislative developments related to our industry; 

litigation; 

general
 market conditions; 

other
 domestic macroeconomic factors unrelated to our performance; 

additions
 or departure of key personnel, including any major change in our Board of Directors (our Board or management; and 

sales
 or expected sales of shares of our Common Stock by us, and our officers, directors, and significant stockholders. 

In
addition, the stock market in general has experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that often have been unrelated or disproportionate
to the operating performance of those companies. Securities class action litigation has often been instituted against companies following
periods of volatility in the overall market and in the market price of a company s securities. Such litigation, if instituted against
us, could result in very substantial costs, divert our management s attention and resources and harm our business, operating results,
and financial condition. 

Because
we are a smaller reporting company, we will not be required to comply with certain disclosure requirements that are applicable
to other public companies and we cannot be certain if the reduced disclosure requirements applicable to smaller reporting companies will
make our Common Stock less attractive to investors. 

We
are a smaller reporting company, as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. As a smaller reporting company, we are
eligible for exemptions from various reporting requirements applicable to other public companies that are not smaller reporting companies,
including, but not limited to: 

reduced
 disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports, proxy statements, and registration statements 

not
 being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002; and 

reduced
disclosure obligations for our annual and quarterly reports, proxy statements, and registration statements. 

22 

We
will remain a smaller reporting company until the end of the fiscal year in which (1) we have a public common equity float of more than
 250 million, or (2) we have annual revenues for the most recently completed fiscal year of more than 100 million plus we have any public
common equity float or public float of more than 700 million. We also would not be eligible for status as smaller reporting company
if we become an investment company, an asset-backed issuer, or a majority-owned subsidiary of a parent company that is not a smaller
reporting company. 

Sales
by our stockholders of a substantial number of shares of our Common Stock in the public market could adversely affect the market price
of our Common Stock. 

A
substantial portion of the total outstanding shares of our Common Stock may be sold into the market at any time. Some of these shares
are owned by our executive officers and directors, and we believe that such holders have no current intention to sell a significant number
of shares of our stock. If all of the major stockholders were to decide to sell large amounts of stock over a short period of time, such
sales could cause the market price of our Common Stock to drop significantly, even if our business were doing well. 

Requirements
associated with being a reporting public company will require significant company resources and management attention. 

From
and after December 31, 2020, we became subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act and the other rules and regulations
of the SEC relating to public companies. We are working with independent legal, accounting, and financial advisors to identify those
areas in which changes should be made to our financial and management control systems to manage our growth and our obligations as an
SEC reporting company. These areas include corporate governance, internal control, internal audit, disclosure controls, and procedures
and financial reporting and accounting systems. We have made, and will continue to make, changes in these and other areas, including
our internal control over financial reporting. However, we cannot provide assurances that these and other measures we may take will be
sufficient to allow us to satisfy our obligations as an SEC reporting company on a timely basis. Further, while we remain an emerging
growth company, we will not be required to include an attestation report on internal control over financial reporting issued by our independent
registered public accounting firm. 

In
addition, compliance with reporting and other requirements applicable to SEC reporting companies will create additional costs for us,
will require the time and attention of management, and will require the hiring of additional personnel and legal, audit, and other professionals.
We cannot predict or estimate the amount of the additional costs we may incur, the timing of such costs, or the impact that our management s
attention to these matters will have on our business and operations. 

Our
management constitutes some of our largest stockholders, which will allow them to exert significant control over our business and affairs
and have actual or potential interests that may depart from those of investors. 

As
of March 31, 2023, members of our management team beneficially owned approximately 25.03 of our Common Stock. As a result, management
has the virtual unfettered ability to control substantially all matters submitted to our stockholders for approval including (i) election
of our Board; (ii) removal of any of our directors; (iii) amendment of our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (our A R
Certificate of Incorporation or our Amended and Restated Bylaws (our A R Bylaws and (iii) adoption of measures
that could delay or prevent a change in control or impede a merger, takeover, or other business combination involving us. 

In
addition, management s stock ownership may discourage a potential acquirer from making a tender offer or otherwise attempting to
obtain control of us, which in turn could reduce our stock price or prevent our stockholders from realizing a premium over our stock
price. 

Any
investors will own a minority percentage of our Common Stock and will have minority voting rights. 

23 

Our
preferred stock may have rights senior to those of our Common Stock, which could adversely affect holders of our Common Stock. 

Our
A R Certificate of Incorporation gives our Board the authority to issue one or more additional series of our preferred stock without
a vote or any action by our stockholders. Our Board also has the authority to determine the terms of those various series of our preferred
stock, including price, preferences, and voting rights. The rights granted to holders of shares of our preferred stock in the future
may adversely affect the rights of holders of shares of our Common Stock. Any such authorized series of preferred stock may have a liquidation
preference a pre-set distribution in the event of a liquidation of our Company that would reduce the amount available
for distribution to the holders of shares of our Common Stock or may have dividend rights superior to those provided to the holders of
shares of our Common Stock, which could reduce the amount of available for distribution as dividends to holders of shares of our Common
Stock. In addition, an authorized series of our preferred stock may have voting rights that are superior to the voting right of the holders
of shares of our Common Stock. 

We
do not expect to pay any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. 

We
intend to retain our future earnings, if any, in order to reinvest in the development and growth of our business and, therefore, do not
intend to pay dividends on our Common Stock for the foreseeable future. Any future determination to pay dividends will be at the discretion
of our Board and will depend on our financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements, and such other factors as our Board
deems relevant. Accordingly, investors may need to sell their shares of our Common Stock to realize a return on their investment, and
they may not be able to sell such shares at or above the price paid for them. 

We
can sell additional shares of our Common Stock without approval of our stockholders and without offering shares to existing stockholders,
which would result in dilution of existing stockholders interests in us and could depress our stock price . 

Our
A R Certificate of Incorporation authorizes 10,500,000,000 shares of our Common Stock, of which 2,139,440,557 are issued and outstanding
as of March 31, 2023; 1,200,000 shares of our Series B Preferred Stock, of which 488,000 shares are issued and outstanding as of March
31, 2023; 2,000 shares of our Series C Preferred Stock, of which 1,000 shares are issued and outstanding as of March 31, 2023;
and 500,000 shares of our Series D Preferred Stock, of which 500,000 shares are issued and outstanding as of March 31, 2023, for an aggregate
of 988,000 issued and outstanding shares of our preferred stock as of March 31, 2023, which shares of issued and outstanding shares of
our preferred stock are convertible into an aggregate of 500,488,000 shares of our Common Stock. Although our Board intends to utilize
its reasonable business judgment to fulfill its fiduciary obligations to our then-existing stockholders in connection with any future
issuance of our capital stock, the future issuance of additional shares of our Common Stock or preferred stock convertible into shares
of our Common Stock would cause immediate, and potentially substantial, dilution to our existing stockholders, which could also have
a material effect on the market value of the shares. In addition, the exercise price of any convertible debt securities or the conversion
price of any convertible equity securities we may sell and issue in the future could be significantly lower than the market price of
our Common Stock on the respective issuance, exercise, or conversion date. Alternatively, we could issue equity securities at a significant
discount to the market price of our Common Stock on the issuance date, the occurrence of any of such events could have a material adverse
effect on the market price of our Common Stock. 

Further,
shares of our Common Stock do not have preemptive rights, which means that we can sell shares of our Common Stock to other persons without
offering the holders of shares of our Common Stock, or the purchasers in this offering, the right to purchase their proportionate share
of such offered shares. Therefore, any additional sales of our capital stock by us could dilute an existing stockholder s ownership
interest in us. 

24 

We
are an emerging growth company and a smaller reporting company, and we cannot be certain if the reduced reporting requirements applicable
to emerging growth companies and smaller reporting companies will make our Common Stock less attractive to investors. 

We
are an emerging growth company, as defined in the JOBS Act, enacted in April 2012. For as long as we continue to be an emerging growth
company, we may take advantage of exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are
not emerging growth companies, including not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the
SOX Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in this annual report and our periodic reports and proxy statements,
and exemptions from the requirements of holding nonbinding advisory votes on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden
parachute payments not previously approved. We could be an emerging growth company for up to five years following the year in which we
complete this offering, although circumstances could cause us to lose that status earlier. We will remain an emerging growth company
until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of the closing of this offering, (b) in
which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.07 billion, or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which
requires the market value of our Common Stock that is held by non-affiliates to exceed 700 million as of the prior June 30 th ,
and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1 billion in non-convertible debt during the prior three-year period. 

Under
the JOBS Act, emerging growth companies can also delay adopting new or revised accounting standards until such time as those standards
apply to private companies. We have irrevocably elected to opt out of this exemption and, therefore, we will adopt new
or revised accounting standards at the time public companies adopt the new or revised accounting standards and, therefore, we will adopt
new or revised accounting standards at the time private companies adopt the new or revised accounting standards. 

Even
after we no longer qualify as an emerging growth company, we may still qualify as a smaller reporting company, which would
allow us to continue to take advantage of many of the same exemptions from disclosure requirements, including not being required to comply
with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the SOX, and reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation
in this annual report and our periodic reports and proxy statements, to the extent we are required to make such filings. We cannot predict
if investors will find our Common Stock less attractive because we may rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our Common Stock
less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our Common Stock and our stock price may be more volatile. 

Provisions
in our A R Certificate of Incorporation and A R Bylaws and Delaware law may discourage a takeover attempt even if a takeover
might be beneficial to our stockholders. 

Provisions
contained in our A R Certificate of Incorporation and A R Bylaws could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire us.
Provisions in our A R Certificate of Incorporation and A R Bylaws impose various procedural and other requirements, which could
make it more difficult for stockholders to effect certain corporate actions. For example, our A R Certificate of Incorporation authorizes
our Board to determine the rights, preferences, privileges, and restrictions of unissued series of our preferred stock without any vote
or action by our stockholders. Thus, our Board can authorize and issue shares of our preferred stock with voting or conversion rights
that could dilute the voting power of holders of other series of our capital stock. These rights may have the effect of delaying or deterring
a change of control of us. Additionally, our A R Certificate of Incorporation and/or A R Bylaws establish limitations on the
removal of directors and on the ability of our stockholders to call special meetings and include advance notice requirements for nominations
for election to our Board and for proposing matters that can be acted upon at stockholder meetings. 

Moreover,
because we are incorporated in Delaware, we are governed by the provisions of Section 203 of the General Corporation Law of the State
of Delaware (the DGCL ), which prohibits an interested stockholder owning in excess of 15 of our outstanding
voting stock from merging or combining with us for a period of three years after the date of the transaction in which such stockholder
acquired in excess of 15 of our outstanding voting stock, unless the merger or combination is approved in a prescribed manner. 

See
 Description of Securities Anti-Takeover Effects of Provisions of Our A R Certificate of Incorporation, Our A R
Bylaws and Delaware Law. These provisions could limit the price that certain investors might be willing to pay in the future for
shares of our Common Stock. 

25 

Claims
for indemnification by our directors and officers may reduce our available funds to satisfy successful third-party claims against us
and may reduce the amount of money available to us. 

Our
A R Certificate of Incorporation provides that we will indemnify our directors and officers, in each case to the fullest extent permitted
by Delaware law. In addition, as permitted by Section 145 of the DGCL, our A R Certificate of Incorporation provides that: 

We
 will indemnify our directors and officers for serving us in those capacities or for serving other business enterprises at our request,
 to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law. Delaware law provides that a corporation may indemnify such person if such person
 acted in good faith and in a manner such person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation
 and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe such person s conduct was unlawful. 

We
 may, in our discretion, indemnify employees and agents in those circumstances where indemnification is permitted by applicable law. 

We
 are required to advance expenses, as incurred, to our directors and officers in connection with defending a proceeding, except that
 such directors or officers shall undertake to repay such advances if it is ultimately determined that such person is not entitled
 to indemnification. 

The
 rights conferred in our A R Certificate of Incorporation are not exclusive, and we are authorized to enter into indemnification
 agreements with our directors, officers, employees, and agents and to obtain insurance to indemnify such persons. 

We
 may not retroactively amend our A R Certificate of Incorporation or indemnification agreement, if any, to reduce our indemnification
 obligations to directors, officers, employees, and agents. 

We
previously effected a dividend distribution of common stock of Elev8 Hemp, as our wholly-owned subsidiary, and Branded Legacy, Inc.,
formerly known as Elev8 Brands, Inc. and, prior to that, known as PLAD, Inc. Branded Legacy ), which may have violated
Section 5 of the Securities Act. 

The
shares of common stock of Branded Legacy that we distributed to our stockholders were not registered under the Securities Act, and we
may not have fully complied with SEC Legal Bulletin No. 4, which requires a company to satisfy five conditions in connection with the
spin-off. As a result, we may have violated Section 5 of the Securities Act in that we did not file a registration statement with the
SEC and have the same declared effective by the SEC prior to distributing the shares of Branded Legacy common stock. In addition, it
is possible that the SEC could commence an enforcement action against us. For additional information regarding the dividend distribution,
see Management s Discussion and Analysis and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources 
for additional information. 

ITEM
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

Not
applicable. 

ITEM
2. PROPERTIES 

We
currently lease approximately 4,500 square feet of corporate office and warehouse space located at 746 North Drive, Suite A, Melbourne,
Florida 32934. The lease is for a five-year term, and expires on May 31, 2023. The initial monthly base rent was approximately 3,994,
plus state taxes. The monthly base rent increases annually by three percent, beginning on June 1, 2019 and each June 1 st thereafter. 

Through
our subsidiary, Gold Leaf, we also lease a 30,000 square foot warehouse and main distribution hub in Greer, South Carolina. The lease
is for a 63-month term that commenced in May 2019. Beginning in April 2022, our monthly rent includes monthly base payments of 10,200,
plus applicable monthly CAM fees (Common Area Maintenance). Gold Leaf leases an additional 10,000 square foot building in Conway, South
Carolina. The lease is for a 62-month that commenced in October 2021. Our monthly rent is approximately 7,261. Effective December 31,
2022, we consolidated our distribution facilities into our main distribution hub in Greer, SC. We believe our office space, warehouse
space, and distribution facilities are sufficient to meet our current needs. 

ITEM
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

We
may be subject to legal proceedings and claims which arise in the ordinary course of our business. Although occasional adverse
decisions or settlements may occur, we believe that the final disposition of such matters should not have a material adverse effect on
our financial position, results of operations, or liquidity. 

As
of the date of this Annual Report, we were not a party to any legal proceedings that could have a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition, or operating results. Further, to our knowledge, no other proceedings have been initiated or threatened against
us. 

ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not
applicable. 

26 

PART
II 

ITEM
5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 

On November 16, 2022, the Company issued 32,512,593
shares of Common Stock to YA II PN, Ltd. upon its conversion of 100,000 of principal, and 789 of accrued interest on a secured convertible
debenture, at a per-share price of 0.0031. On November 29, 2022, the Company issued 40,256,440 shares of Common Stock to YA II PN, Ltd.
upon its conversion of 100,000 of principal, and 641 of accrued interest on a secured convertible debenture, at a per-share price of
 0.0025. On December 9, 2022, the Company issued 40,131,508 shares of Common Stock to YA II PN, Ltd. upon its conversion of 100,000 of
principal, and 329 of accrued interest on a secured convertible debenture, at a per-share price of 0.0025. On December 16, 2022, the
Company issued 45,506,850 shares of Common Stock to YA II PN, Ltd. upon its conversion of 100,000 of principal, and 115 of accrued interest
on a secured convertible debenture, at a per-share price of 0.0022. We issued these shares of Common Stock pursuant to the exception
from registration provided by Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act. We did not receive any funds resulting from the conversions, as we
had received funds from YA II from the secured debentures that we sold to it in May 2022. 

On January 10, 2023, the Company issued an aggregate
of 67,164,179 shares of Common Stock to Mast Hill Fund, L.P. Mast Hill upon its cashless exercise of 100,000,000 warrants,
at a per-share price of 0.0022, for a net issuance of 67,164,179 shares of Common Stock. We issued these shares of Common Stock pursuant
to the exception from registration provided by Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act. We did not receive any funds resulting from the
exercise of the warrants, which were granted in connection with the Securities Purchase Agreement that the Company and Mast Hill entered
in July 2022. 

On March 1, 2023, the Company issued 72,000,000 shares
of Common Stock to Mast Hill upon its conversion of 122,352 of principal, and 35,048 of accrued interest on its Senior Secured Promissory
Note, at a per-share price of 0.0022. We issued these shares of Common Stock pursuant to the exception from registration provided by
Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act. We did not receive any funds resulting from the conversion, as we had received funds from Mast
Hill from the secured debenture that we sold to it in July 2022. 

On February 16, 2023, we issued 1,000 shares of our
Series C Preferred Stock to Robert Clark. As of that date, there were 169,999,860 shares of Common Stock that were issuable to Mr. Clark.
For this issuance, we utilized 1,000 of such issuable shares. We issued these shares of Series C Preferred Stock pursuant to the exception
from registration provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act in that this transaction did not constitute a public offering and
there was no general solicitation in connection with such issuance. We did not receive any funds in connection with this issuance, as
such shares had previously been expensed in connection with Mr. Clark s employment agreement. 

Market
Information 

As
of March 30, 2023, our Common Stock is quoted on the Pink Open Market under the symbol KGKG. From April
15, 2020 to March 14, 2022, our Common Stock was quoted on the OTCQB Venture Market. 

The
table below sets forth the high and low closing prices of our Common Stock during the periods indicated, as reported by the OTCM. The
market quotations reflect inter-dealer prices, without retail mark-up, markdown, or commissions and may not reflect actual transactions. 

2023 
 2022 
 2021 

Price Range 
 Price Range 
 Price Range 

High 
 Low 
 High 
 Low 
 High 
 Low 

First Quarter (1) 
 0.0082 
 0.0036 
 0.0100 
 0.0033 
 0.0523 
 0.0260 
 
 Second Quarter 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 0.0296 
 0.0072 
 0.0337 
 0.0231 
 
 Third Quarter 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 0.0080 
 0.0052 
 0.0245 
 0.0150 
 
 Fourth Quarter 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 0.0061 
 0.0021 
 0.0168 
 0.0052 

(1)
First quarter though March 30, 2023. 

Holders 

On
March 31, 2023 there were approximately 99 holders of record of our Common Stock. This does not include an indeterminate number of persons
who hold our Common Stock in brokerage accounts and otherwise in street name. As of such date, 2,139,440,557 shares of
our Common Stock were issued and outstanding. 

Dividends 

We
currently intend to retain all available funds and any future earnings to support our operations and finance the growth and development
of our business. We do not intend to pay cash dividends on our Common Stock for the foreseeable future. Any future determination related
to dividend policy will made at the discretion of our Board. 

Purchases
of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 

None. 

ITEM
6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 

Not
applicable. 

27 

ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The
following discussion and analysis of the results of operations and financial condition for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021
should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and related notes and the other financial information that are included elsewhere
in this Annual Report. This discussion includes forward-looking statements based upon current expectations that involve risks and uncertainties,
such as our plans, objectives, expectations, and intentions. Forward-looking statements are statements not based on historical information
and which relate to future operations, strategies, financial results, or other developments. Forward-looking statements are based upon
estimates, forecasts, and assumptions that are inherently subject to significant business, economic, and competitive uncertainties and
contingencies, many of which are beyond our control and many of which, with respect to future business decisions, are subject to change.
These uncertainties and contingencies can affect actual results and could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed
in any forward-looking statements made by us, or on our behalf. We disclaim any obligation to update forward-looking statements. Actual
results and the timing of events could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of a
number of factors, including those set forth under the Risk Factors, Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements, 
and Description of Business sections in this Annual Report. We use words such as anticipate, estimate, 
 plan, project, continuing, ongoing, expect, believe, 
 intend, may, will, should, could, and similar expressions to identify
forward-looking statements. We and our representatives may from time to time make written or oral statements that are forward-looking, 
including statements contained in this Annual Report and other filings with the SEC, reports to our stockholders, and news releases.
All statements that express expectations, estimates, forecasts, or projections are forward-looking statements. In addition, other written
or oral statements which constitute forward-looking statements may be made by us or on our behalf. Words such as expect, 
 anticipate, intend, plan, believe, seek, estimate, 
 project, forecast, may, should, variations of such words and similar expressions
are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks,
uncertainties, and assumptions, which are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual outcomes and results may differ materially from what
is expressed or forecasted in or suggested by such forward-looking statements. 

We
undertake no obligation to update or revise any of the forward-looking statements after the date of this Annual Reports to confirm forward-looking
statements to actual results. Important factors on which such statements are based are assumptions concerning uncertainties, including,
but not limited to, uncertainties associated with the following: 

Inadequate
 capital and barriers to raising the additional capital or to obtaining the financing needed to implement our business plans; 

Our
 failure to earn revenues or profits; 

Volatility
 or decline of our stock price; 

Potential
 fluctuation in our financial results; 

Rapid
 and significant changes in markets; 

Litigation
 with or legal claims and allegations by outside parties; 

Impacts
 from the COVID-19 pandemic; and 

Insufficient
 revenues to cover operating costs. 

The
following discussion should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and the notes thereto which are included in this Annual
Report. This discussion contains forward-looking statements that involve risks, uncertainties, and assumptions. Our actual results may
differ substantially from those anticipated in any forward-looking statements included in this discussion as a result of various factors. 

28 

Results
of Operations 

Our
business has grown rapidly since inception in 2015, and we anticipate that our business will continue to grow significantly. For the
year ended December 31, 2022, the Company saw an increase in growth compared to the same period of the prior year period, as this was
mostly attributable to increased retail revenue. Our. The Company acquired S and S Beverage, Inc. S and S ), in
early 2021, which increased our product variety, resulting in the commencement of new distribution contracts. 

We derive our revenue from sales of our products to online consumers, to
resellers, and to distributors, Product sales to resellers include sales to convenience stores, grocery stores, and smoke and gift shops
that complement our current product offering. Product sales to distributors include Kona energy drinks, our HighDrate CBD-infused energy
waters, and our apparel, such as t-shirts and hats. In early 2021, we broadened our product line to include Ooh La Lemin sparkling and
still lemonade. We also distribute our products and other companies products at retail. 

We have experienced and expect to continue to experience substantial growth
in our operations as we seek to expand through additional products and acquisitions that complement our current product offerings. We
expect that revenue will continue to increase in fiscal year 2023 compared to fiscal year 2022, as distribution by our current distributors,
who were, and whose clients were, affected by COVID-19 in fiscal year 2021 has resumed and we do not expect to see COVID-19 pandemic-related
distribution impacts for fiscal year 2023. Based on those expectations, we now anticipate signing more favorable agreements with larger,
reputable tier 1 and mid-size distributors, big box stores, and grocery chains. The following is a more detailed discussion of our financial
condition and results of operations for the period presented. 

Impact
of Inflation 

Recent
inflationary trends have led to a moderate increase in some of the costs to produce and ship our products. To date, we have not passed
the increases in those costs to our consumers. Continued prolonged periods of inflationary pressure on some or all of those costs could
have a material adverse effect on our profit margins from sales of those products or could require us to increase prices for those products,
which could reduce consumer demand for those products. 

Year
ended December 31, 2022 compared to Year ended December 31, 2021 

Overview 

As
reflected in the accompanying financial statements, during the year ended December 31, 2022, we incurred a net loss of approximately
 7.3 million and used cash in operations of approximately 2.5 million, compared to a net loss of approximately 7.0 million and use
of cash in operations of approximately 2.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. As of December 31, 2022, we had a stockholders 
deficit of approximately 3.8 million. 

The
following is a more detailed discussion of our financial condition and results of operations for the period presented, along with prior
periods. 

Revenue 

The
following table presents our net revenues, by revenue source, and the period-over-period percentage change, for the period presented: 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Revenue Source 
 Revenue 
 Revenue 
 Change 
 
 Distributors 
 805,480 
 895,850 
 (10 
 
 Amazon 
 128,756 
 154,240 
 (17 
 
 Online Sales 
 22,647 
 68,073 
 (67 
 
 Retail 
 3,609,419 
 1,420,747 
 154 
 
 Shipping 
 11,484 
 17,305 
 (34 
 
 Sales Returns and Allowances 
 (134,750 
 (77,479 
 74 
 
 Net Revenues 
 4,443,036 
 2,478,736 
 79 

29 

The
following table presents our net revenues by product lines for the period presented: 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Product Line 
 Revenue 
 Revenue 
 Change 
 
 Hemp Energy Drinks 
 168,146 
 362,096 
 (54 
 
 CBD Energy Waters 
 59,250 
 133,110 
 (55 
 
 Lemonade Drinks 
 729,306 
 621,331 
 17 
 
 Apparel 
 181 
 1,626 
 (89 
 
 Retail 
 3,609,419 
 1,420,747 
 154 
 
 Shipping 
 11,484 
 17,305 
 (34 
 
 Sales returns and allowance 
 (134,750 
 (77,479 
 74 
 
 Net Revenues 
 4,443,036 
 2,478,736 
 79 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, we reported net revenues of 4.4 million, which is an increase of 1.96 million, or 79 , compared to
net revenues of 2.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. An increase of 2.2 million of our revenue is attributable to increased
retail revenue, while our product sales decreased in net revenue by 224,371. We attribute the significant increase in retail revenue
to attaining a larger percentage of the territories in which we distribute, including the addition of additional distribution to larger
grocery and convenience store chains. We attribute the decrease in product sales to certain delays in the rollout of existing product
lines in a national retailer, as well as to a change-over in our customer mix from the prior period due to a non-repetitive, regional,
one-off customer relationship in the prior period and a different regional customer imposing slotting fees in the prior period, which
we declined to pay in the current year. We anticipate that the rollout of our drink products with a national retailer that commenced
late in fiscal year 2022 will continue in fiscal year 2023. Additionally, the Company experienced delays in the rebranding of our hemp
product line and the subsequent production. We expect that our product revenue will increase in fiscal year 2023 compared to fiscal year
2022, and we do not anticipate further delays. Further, the Company hired additional sales personnel to lead sales efforts as the Company
began to expand into new territories late in the fiscal year 2022, and the Company signed several new large distributors late in fiscal
year 2022. The Company anticipates continuing signing more favorable agreements with larger, reputable tier 1 and mid-size distributors,
big box stores, and grocery chains. In addition, we anticipate that our retail revenue will continue to increase as we broaden our customer
base with increased distribution to additional grocery and convenience chains. 

Cost
of Revenues 

Cost
of revenues consists primarily of expenses associated with products sold to distributors and resellers, including product and shipping
costs. Costs also include credit card fees, fees incurred for sales that occur on Amazon.com, and other transaction fees related to the
processing of consumer transactions. Typically, we expect that the cost of revenues will increase as a direct correlation to increases
in sales. Thus, our cost of revenues increases on an absolute basis versus on a percentage of sales basis. At the same time, when sales
increase, thereby increasing our orders with our co-packers, our cost of products decreases because of the volume discounts we receive
from our co-packers. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, we reported cost of revenues of approximately 3.5 million, which is an increase of approximately 1.3
million, or approximately 61 , compared to approximately 2.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. An increase of 1.6 million
of our cost of revenues is attributable to an increase in our retail distribution in 2022, while our cost of revenues for product sales
decreased 328,477, compared to the prior year period. The cost of revenues increase was smaller than the increase in revenues. This
is primarily attributed to a decrease costs in obtaining our ingredients for our products, for production of our products, and for shipping
our products from the prior year period. We expect that we will continue, to see an increased cost of revenues in fiscal year 2023, primarily
due to an anticipated increase in revenues. In addition, as the cost of shipping our products continues to remain elevated, we also anticipate
increased costs for obtaining our ingredients for our products, increased costs for production of our products, and increased costs of
shipping our products. We continue to seek alternative methods to reduce costs for production and the cost of shipping our products in
fiscal year 2023. 

30 

Selling,
General and Administrative Expenses 

Selling,
General and Administrative Expenses SG A expenses consist primarily of professional fees, salaries and wages, advertising,
rent, travel expenses, corporate-related expenses, and general office and administrative
expenses related to maintaining our facilities. 

Selling,
General and Administrative Expenses SG A expenses consist primarily of professional fees, salaries and wages,
advertising, rent, travel expenses, corporate-related expenses, and general office and administrative expenses related to
maintaining our facilities. Selling, general and administrative expenses increased in the year ended December 31, 2022, to 4.1
million from 3.4 million, an increase of 764,458 over the same period last year. The increase was driven by increased operating
expenses associated with wages related to hiring additional sales personal, travel expenses, insurance expenses, and legal and
accounting fees related to corporate expenses, partially offset by lower professional fees and regional customer imposing slotting
fees in the prior period, which we declined to pay in the current year. We expect that as we expand our business operations,
SG A expenses will continue to increase. 

We
expect that as we expand our business operations and continue to incur additional corporate-related expenses associated with our status
as a fully registered issuer with the SEC under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, SG A expenses will continue to increase. 

Impairment
of Goodwill 

Impairment
of goodwill for the year ended December 31, 2021 was 1.3 million. In December 2021, we determined that our goodwill asset was impaired
and recorded an impairment charge accordingly. No similar activity occurred during the current year period. 

Other
Income and Expenses 

Other
expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 4.2 million, as compared to other expense of 2.6 million for the year ended December
31, 2021. The change in balance was due to the increase in interest expense of 58,273, the increase in the change in value of derivative
liabilities of 2.1 million, the increase in loss on extinguishment of debt of 249,831, offset by the decrease in financing costs of
 1.0 million, and decreased other expense of 22,262, as compared to the same period last year. In addition, for the year ended December
31, 2021, the company recorded a gain on forgiveness of PPP loans of 212,648, which did not occur in the same period of the current year. 

Net
Loss 

We
incurred a net loss of approximately 7.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, an increase of approximately 292,898 compared
to the previous year ending December 31, 2021, in which we incurred a net loss of approximately 7.0 million. This net loss is primarily
due to our increase in gross profit, offset by increased SG A expenses and the increase in other expenses, as discussed above. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

Our
consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis, which implies we may not continue to meet our obligations
and continue our operations for the next fiscal year. The continuation of our Company as a going concern is dependent upon our ability
to obtain necessary debt or equity financing to continue operations until we begin generating positive cash flow. 

We
have incurred operating losses since inception and have negative cash flow from operations since inception. As of December 31, 2022,
we had a stockholders deficit of approximately 3.8 million and we incurred a net loss of approximately 7.3 million during the
year ended December 31, 2022. We also utilized cash in operations of approximately 2.5 million during the year ended December 31, 2022.
As a result, our continuation as a going concern is dependent on our ability to obtain additional financing until we can generate sufficient
cash flow from operations to meet our obligations. 

31 

Subsequent
to December 31, 2022, the Company received proceeds of 760,000 on the sale of notes, including the draw of 200,000 from the
issuance of 200,000 line of credit on March 7, 2023, the draw of 85,000 from the issuance of 85,000 line of credit on March 9,
2023, the issuance of a 475,000 debenture on March 13, 2023, and the entry into an equity line of credit of up to 5,000,000 on
March 30, 2023 (that, as of the Date of this Annual Report, the Company has not utilized). There is no assurance that we will ever
be profitable or that, notwithstanding the recent financing activities disclosed above, any further debt or equity financing will be
available to us in the amounts, on terms, and at times deemed acceptable to us, if at all. We continue to seek additional financing.
The issuance of additional equity securities by us would result in a significant dilution in the equity interests of our current
stockholders. Obtaining commercial loans, assuming those loans would be available, would increase our liabilities and future cash
commitments. If we are unable to obtain financing in the amounts and on terms deemed acceptable to us, we may be unable to continue
our business, as planned, and as a result may be required to scale back or cease operations for our business, the result of which
would be that our stockholders would lose some or all of their investment. The consolidated financial statements do not include any
adjustments to reflect the possible future effects on the recoverability and classification of assets or the amounts and
classifications of liabilities that may result should we be unable to continue as a going concern. 

Notes
Payable Related Parties 

Notes
payable with related parties consists of the following at December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 

Note payable related party (a) 
 1,352,651 
 1,352,651 
 
 Note payable related party (b) 
 260,000 
 - 
 
 Note payable related party (c) 
 125,500 
 125,500 
 
 Note payable related party (d) 
 47,500 
 53,500 
 
 Total notes payable related parties 
 1,785,651 
 1,531,651 
 
 Notes payable related parties, current portion 
 (1,785,651 
 (6,000 
 
 Notes payable related parties, net of current portion 
 - 
 1,525,651 

(a) 
 On
 April 4, 2019, the Company entered into an unsecured Line of Credit Agreement with Robert Clark. Mr. Clark is the Company s
 President, Chief Executive Officer, Secretary, and Chairman of the Board. The agreement established a revolving line of credit in
 the amount of up to 1,500,000. Advances under this line of credit bear interest at the rate of 3.75 percent per annum. The line
 of credit matures on April 4, 2023, at which time all outstanding principal amounts and accrued interest are due and payable. At
 December 31, 2022 and 2021, outstanding principal was 1,352,651 and 1,352,651, respectively. 

(b) 
 On
 May 6, 2022, the Company entered into an unsecured Line of Credit Agreement with Robert Clark. Mr. Clark is the Company s President,
 Chief Executive Officer, Secretary, and Chairman of the Board. The agreement established a revolving line of credit in the amount
 of up to 300,000. Advances under this line of credit bear interest at the rate of 3.75 percent per annum. The line of credit matures
 on May 6, 2023, at which time all outstanding principal amounts and accrued interest are due and payable. At December 31, 2022, the
 outstanding principal was 260,000. 

(c) 
 On
 August 29, 2019, the Company entered into an unsecured Line of Credit Agreement with Robert Clark. Mr. Clark is the Company s
 President, Chief Executive Officer, Secretary, and Chairman of the Board. The agreement established a revolving line of credit in
 the amount of up to 200,000. Advances under this line of credit bear interest at the rate of 3.75 percent per annum. The line of
 credit matures on August 29, 2023, at which time all outstanding principal amounts and accrued interest are due and payable. December
 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, outstanding principal was 125,500 and 125,500, respectively. 

32 

(d) 
 On
 February 19, 2019, the Company issued an unsecured Standard Promissory Note in Favor of Robert Clark, as lender, in the original
 principal amount of 70,000. Mr. Clark is the Company s President, Chief Executive Officer, Secretary, and Chairman of the
 Board. The note bears no interest. Principal payments of 500 per month commenced in March 2019, with final payment due in March
 2021. On March 15, 2022, the Company issued an Amendment to the original issued Standard Promissory Note in Favor of Robert Clark
 for the remaining outstanding principal of 58,000. Principal payment of 500 per month, with final payment due in March 2023. The
 outstanding principal balance of this note at December 31, 2021 was 53,500. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company
 made principal payments of 6,000, leaving an outstanding principal balance of 47,500 at December 31, 2022. 

At
December 31, 2021, accrued interest on notes payable to related parties was 95,873. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company
added 58,086 of additional accrued interest, leaving an accrued interest balance on the notes payable to related parties of 153,959
at December 31, 2022. Accrued interest is included in accounts payable and accrued expenses in the accompanying Condensed Consolidated
Balance Sheets. 

Notes
Payable 

Notes
payable consists of the following at December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 

Note payable (a) 
 26,994 
 33,312 
 
 Note payable (b) 
 44,550 
 - 
 
 Note payable (c) 
 40,103 
 - 
 
 Note payable (d) 
 250,000 
 - 
 
 Note payable (e) 
 247,263 
 - 
 
 Note payable (f) 
 206,625 
 - 
 
 Note payable (g) 
 172,500 
 - 
 
 Total notes payable 
 988,035 
 33,312 
 
 Less debt discount (e) 
 (218,481 
 - 
 
 Total notes payable, net 
 769,554 
 33,312 
 
 Notes payable, current portion 
 (712,499 
 (7,974 
 
 Notes payable, net of current portion 
 57,055 
 25,338 

(a) 
 On
 August 21, 2021, the Company financed the purchase of a vehicle for 34,763, after making a down payment of 20,000. The loan term
 is for 60 months, annual interest rate of 5.44 , with monthly principal and interest payments of 665, and secured by the purchased
 vehicle. At December 31, 2021, the loan balance was 33,312. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company made principal
 payments of 6,318, leaving a loan balance of 26,994 at December 31, 2022, of which 6,656 was recorded as the current portion of
 loan payable on the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheet. 

(b) 
 On
 September 30, 2022, the Company financed the purchase of a vehicle for 46,576, after making a down payment. The loan term is for
 60 months, annual interest rate of 9.44 , with monthly principal and interest payments of 980, and secured by the purchased vehicle.
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company made principal payments of 2,026, leaving a loan balance of 44,550 at December
 31, 2022, of which 7,832 was recorded as the current portion of loan payable on the accompanying Consolidated Balance
 Sheet. 

(c) 
 In
 April 2021, the Company entered into a Line of Credit Agreement with Wells Fargo Bank. The Line of Credit is personally guaranteed
 by Robert Clark, the Company s President, Chief Executive Officer, Secretary, and Chairman of the Board. The agreement established
 a revolving line of credit in the amount of up to 42,000. Advances under this line of credit bear interest at the rate of 11.50
 percent per annum. The line of credit matures in 2023, at which time all outstanding principal amounts and accrued interest are due
 and payable. At December 31, 2022, the outstanding principal was 40,103, which was recorded as the current portion of loan payable
 on the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheet. 

33 

(d) 
 On
 March 25, 2022, the Company entered into a secured debenture with an otherwise unaffiliated individual in the principal amount of
 250,000. The secured note payable matures on March 24, 2023, and bears interest at the rate of 0.97 percent per annum. The secured
 debenture is secured by nine (9) identified motor vehicles of the Company. In connection with the issuance of the debenture, the
 Company issued to the lender 25 million shares of the Company s common stock at a price of 0.004 per share. The Company determined
 the fair value of the 25 million shares was 135,000, which was recorded as a debt discount against the secured debenture. As of
 December 31, 2022, the outstanding balance of the secured debentures amounted to 250,000 and the unamortized debt discount was 31,531,
 which was recorded as the current portion of loan payable on the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

(e) 
 On
 September 30, 2022, the Company entered into a secured non-interest bearing advance agreement with an unaffiliated third party for
 the purchase of future receipts/revenues. Under the agreements, the Company received a lump sum payment of 250,000, and in return,
 the lender receives a secured right to collect a fix sum of future receipts/revenue of 340,000 to be collected by the Company. In
 accordance with the agreement, the Company agreed to sell, assign and transfer to the Purchaser of all the Company s payments,
 receipts, settlements and funds paid to or received by or for the account of the Company from time to time on and after the date
 hereof in payment or settlement of the Company s existing and future accounts, payment intangibles, credit, debit and/or stored
 value card transactions, contract rights and other entitlements arising from or relating to the payment of monies from the Company s
 customers and/or other payors or obligors. The loan is payable in weekly payments of 7,728, is secured by these assets described
 above, and is guaranteed by Robert Clark, the Company s Chief Executive Officer. Upon execution of the advance and receipt
 of funds, the Company recorded the difference of 90,000 between the cash collected and the face amount of the note as a note discount
 and will amortize the note discount as interest expense over the life of the advance. As of December 31, 2022, the outstanding balance
 of the secured debentures amounted to 247,263 and the unamortized debt discount was 65,452, which was recorded as the current portion
 of loan payable on the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

(f) 
 On
 December 16, 2022, the Company entered into a secured non-interest bearing advance agreement with an unaffiliated third party for
 the purchase of future receipts/revenues. Under the agreements, the Company received a lump sum payment of 143,957 after fees, and
 in return, the lender receives a secured right to collect a fix sum of future receipts/revenue of 216,956 to be collected by the
 Company. In accordance with the agreement, the Company agreed to sell, assign and transfer to the Purchaser of all the Company s
 payments, receipts, settlements and funds paid to or received by or for the account of the Company from time to time on and after
 the date hereof in payment or settlement of the Company s existing and future accounts, payment intangibles, credit, debit
 and/or stored value card transactions, contract rights and other entitlements arising from or relating to the payment of monies from
 the Company s customers and/or other payors or obligors. The loan is payable in daily payments of 1,291, is secured by these
 assets described above, and is guaranteed by Robert Clark, the Company s Chief Executive Officer. Upon execution of the advance
 and receipt of funds, the Company recorded the difference of 72,999 between the cash collected and the face amount of the note as
 a note discount, and will amortize the note discount as interest expense over the life of the advance. As of December 31, 2022, the
 outstanding balance of the secured debentures amounted to 206,625 and the unamortized debt discount was 69,523, which was recorded
 as the current portion of loan payable on the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

(g) 
 On
 November 2, 2022, the Company entered into a secured non-interest bearing advance agreement with an unaffiliated third party for
 the purchase of future receipts/revenues. Under the agreements, the Company received a lump sum payment of 168,000, and in return,
 the lender receives a secured right to collect a fix sum of future receipts/revenue of 241,500 to be collected by the Company. In
 accordance with the agreement, the Company agreed to sell, assign and transfer to the Purchaser of all the Company s payments,
 receipts, settlements and funds paid to or received by or for the account of the Company from time to time on and after the date
 hereof in payment or settlement of the Company s existing and future accounts, payment intangibles, credit, debit and/or stored
 value card transactions, contract rights and other entitlements arising from or relating to the payment of monies from the Company s
 customers and/or other payors or obligors. The loan is payable in weekly payments of 1,725, is secured by these assets described
 above, and is guaranteed by Robert Clark, the Company s Chief Executive Officer. Upon execution of the advance and receipt
 of funds, the Company recorded the difference of 73,500 between the cash collected and the face amount of the note as a note discount
 and will amortize the note discount as interest expense over the life of the advance. As of December 31, 2022, the outstanding balance
 of the secured debentures amounted to 172,500 and the unamortized debt discount was 51,975, which was recorded as the current portion
 of loan payable on the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

34 

At
December 31, 2021, there was no accrued interest on the notes payable. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company added 1,874
of additional accrued interest, leaving 1,874 of accrued interest balance on the notes payable at December 31, 2022. Accrued interest
in included in accounts payable and accrued expenses in the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

Secured
Convertible Debentures 

On
July 28, 2022, the Company issued senior secured debentures to an otherwise unaffiliated third-party investor (the Investor in the aggregate of 595,000. The debentures bear interest at a rate of 10 per annum, mature on July 28, 2023, and are convertible into
shares of our common stock at a conversion price of 0.0045 per share. If the Company issues subsequent equity instruments at an effective
price per share that is lower than the conversion price of 0.0045 per shares, then the conversion price shall be reduced, at the option
of the Holder, to a price equal to the Weighted Average Price (as defined), provided, further, that if the conversion price is equal
to or less than 0.003, then the conversion price shall be reduced at the option of the Holder to a price equal to the lower price. The
senior secured debentures are secured by all of the Company s assets and the assets of each of its subsidiaries pursuant to the
Security Agreement. The security interest granted to the Investor under the Security Agreement is subordinate to the continuing security
interest that remains in effect pursuant to the previous grant of a security interest in connection with a still-outstanding debenture
to an earlier investor all tangible and intangible assets. In connection with the issuances of the debentures, the Company granted to
the Selling Stockholder warrants to purchase up to 100 million shares of the Company s common stock, which expire on July 28, 2027.
The warrants are exercisable at 0.0045 per share. As a result of these issuances and grants, we incurred the following (a) relative
fair value of the warrants granted of 223,000; and (b) original issue discounts of 92,325 of the debentures for a total of 315,325
which was allocated as debt discount. The debt discount is being amortized to interest expense over the term of the corresponding debentures.
As of December 31, 2022, the unamortized debt discount was 183,940. 

At
December 31, 2021, accrued interest on the convertible notes payable was 54,110. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company
added 129,602 of additional accrued interest, and converted 157,956 of accrued interest into common stock, leaving an accrued interest
balance on the convertible notes payable of 25,756 at December 31, 2022. 

Cash
Flows 

In
summary, our use of cash has been as follows: 

For the Year Ended December 31,
 2022 
 
 Net cash used in operating activities 
 (2,499,518 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities 
 (44,418 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities 
 1,879,899 

Operating
Activities 

Cash
provided by or used in operating activities primarily consists of net income adjusted for certain non-cash items, including depreciation,
amortization, stock-based compensation, interest expense related to the Warrant issued in the Private Placement, and the effect of changes
in working capital and other activities. Cash used in operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 was approximately 2.5
million and consisted of a net loss of approximately 7.3 million, adjustments for non-cash items, including adjustments related to the
issuance of shares of our Common Stock for services, financing costs related to the convertible debt, amortization of debt discount,
impairment of intangible assets, loss on extinguishment of debt, loss on change in fair value of derivative liabilities, and depreciation,
and amortization which in the aggregate total approximately 4.4 million, and approximately 450,000 provided by changes in our working
capital accounts and other activities. 

35 

Investing
Activities 

Cash
used in investing activities for year ended December 31, 2022 was approximately 44,418 and was attributable to capital expenditures. 

Financing
Activities 

Cash
provided by financing activities for year ended December 31, 2022 was approximately 1.9 million and was due to changes in convertible
debt of approximately 1.0 million, and changes in notes payable of approximately 925,648, and payment of approximately 15,767 of our
acquisition obligation, and approximately 7,657 was used to pay finance lease obligations. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

None. 

Critical
Accounting Policies 

Our
discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition are based upon our consolidated financial statements, which
have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. The preparation of our
consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities,
revenues, and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. We evaluate our estimates on an ongoing basis, including
those related to provisions for uncollectible accounts receivable, inventories, valuation of intangible assets, and contingencies and
litigation. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under
the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that
are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 

The
accounting policies that we follow are set forth in Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies , of our consolidated financial
statements for the year ended December 31, 2022. These accounting policies conform to accounting principles generally accepted in the
United States, and have been consistently applied in the preparation of the consolidated financial statements. 

Leases 

On
January 1, 2019, we adopted the Financial Accounting Standards Board s FASB Accounting Standards Update 2016-02,
 Leases (Topic 842) ASC Topic 842 ), which requires an entity to recognize a liability and corresponding asset for
leases that meet certain criteria. We applied ASC Topic 842 using the modified retrospective approach. Under this approach, we applied
the new standards to all new leases, and leases which have remaining obligations for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning
after December 15, 2018. We elected the package of practical expedients permitted under the transition guidance, which allowed us to
carryforward historical lease classification, and not reassess (i) whether a contract was or contained a lease, and (ii) initial direct
costs for any leases that existed prior to January 1, 2019. Under this method, we did not restate comparative periods in our financial
statements. We present right-of-use assets resulting from leases separately from other assets as noncurrent, and amortized accordingly.
The corresponding lease liabilities are presented separately from other liabilities on the accompanying balance sheets. 

We
recognize a right-of-use asset and a lease liability at the lease commencement date. The right-of-use asset is initially measured at
cost, which comprises the initial amount of the lease liability adjusted for any lease payments made at or before the commencement date,
plus any initial direct costs incurred. The amortization period for the right-of-use asset is from the lease commencement date to the
earlier of the end of the lease term or the end of the useful life of the asset. 

36 

The
lease liability is initially measured at the present value of the lease payments that are not paid at the commencement date, discounted
using the interest rate implicit in the lease or, if that rate cannot be readily determined, the incremental borrowing rate or the risk-free
rate with the election of the practical expedient. We have elected to use the risk-free rate. 

Please
refer to Note 11, Lease Liabilities, to our consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022 for additional
information related to our right-of-use assets and lease liabilities. 

Revenue
Recognition and Deferred Revenue 

We
sell our products, which includes our hemp-infused energy drinks, CBD-infused energy water, low carb and low-calorie lemonade, and apparel
with our trademark logo, to online customers or through resellers and distributors. In evaluating the timing of the transfer of control
of products to customers, we consider several indicators, including significant risks and rewards of products, our right to payment,
and the legal title of the products. We recognize revenue from product sales to customers, distributors, and resellers when products
that do not require further services by us are shipped, when there are no uncertainties surrounding customer acceptance, and when collectability
is reasonably assured. Sales are made to customers under terms allowing certain limited rights of return. Amounts billed to customers
in sales transactions related to shipping and handling, represent revenues earned for the goods provided and are included in net sales.
Costs of shipping and handling are included in cost of products sold. 

We
also sell our products, and beverages purchased for resale from several other beverage manufacturers, to convenience stores, grocery
stores, and smoke and gift shops. In evaluating the timing of the transfer of control of products to customers, we consider several indicators,
including significant risks and rewards of products, our right to payment, and the legal title of the products. We recognize revenue
from product sales to resellers when products that do not require further services by us are shipped or delivered, when there are no
uncertainties surrounding customer acceptance and when collectability is reasonably assured. Cash received by us prior to shipment is
recorded as deferred revenue. Sales are made to customers under terms allowing certain limited rights of return. Amounts billed to customers
in sales transactions related to shipping and handling, represent revenues earned for the goods provided and are included in net sales.
Costs of shipping and handling are included in cost of products sold. 

On
January 1, 2019, we adopted ASU No. 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606) ASC Topic 606 ).
The underlying principle of ASC Topic 606 is to recognize revenue to depict the transfer of goods or services to a customer at the amount
expected to be collected. The implementation of Topic ASC 606 had no impact on the prior period financial statements and no cumulative
effect adjustment was recognized. 

To
apply these principles, ASC Topic 606 outlines a five-step model that requires entities to exercise judgment when considering the terms
of contract(s), which includes: 

1. 
 Identifying
 the contract(s) or agreement(s) with a customer; 

2. 
 Identifying
 the separate performance obligations in the contract or agreement; 

3. 
 Determining
 the transaction price; 

4. 
 Allocating
 the transaction price to the separate performance obligations in the contract or agreement; and 

5. 
 Recognizing
 revenue as each performance obligation is satisfied. 

Pursuant
to ASC Topic 606, we recognize revenue when performance obligations under the terms of a contract are satisfied, which occurs typically
upon the transfer of control, including the risks and rewards of ownership. With respect to us, performance is deemed to occur upon shipment
or delivery of products to our customers based on the written contract terms, which is also when control is transferred. 

37 

The
Company operates in one segment for the manufacture and distribution of its products and those of otherwise unrelated beverage products.
In accordance with the Segment Reporting Topic of the ASC, the Company s chief operating decision maker has been
identified as the Chief Executive Officer and President, who reviews operating results to make decisions about allocating resources and
assessing performance for the entire Company. Existing guidance, which is based on a management approach to segment reporting, establishes
requirements to report selected segment information quarterly and to report annually entity-wide disclosures about products and services,
major customers, and the countries in which the entity holds material assets and reports revenue. All material operating units qualify
for aggregation under Segment Reporting due to their similar customer base and similarities in: economic characteristics;
nature of products and services; and procurement, manufacturing and distribution processes. Since the Company operates in one segment,
all financial information required by Segment Reporting can be found in the accompanying financial statements. 

Our
revenue earned is recognized when we satisfy a single performance obligation by transferring control of our products to a customer. We
have determined that disaggregated revenue by net sales by revenue source would be meaningful and allow investors to understand our business
activities, historical performance, or future prospects. Disaggregated sales by revenue source, which includes sales to distributors,
online sales, sales through Amazon, and distribution sales. This is the same information used by our Chief Operating Decision Maker for
evaluating the financial performance of our operations and making resource decisions. We also sell merchandise and apparel that comprises
approximately 1 of our gross annual sales, and solely exists to promote our beverages. Merchandise and apparel sales are included with
the gross sales for our one operating segment. 

Accounts
Receivable and Allowance for Doubtful Account Receivable 

Accounts
receivable are recorded at net realizable value. We determine provisions for uncollectible accounts, sales returns, and claims based
upon factors including the credit risk and activity of specific distributors and resellers, historical trends, and other information.
If we become aware of a specific distributor s or reseller s inability to meet its financial obligations, bad debt charges
are recorded based on an overall assessment of past due accounts receivable outstanding. In the opinion of management, a provision was
deemed necessary for uncollectible accounts. 

Inventory 

The
cost of inventory using the standard cost method, which approximates actual cost based on a first-in, first-out method. Our inventories
are valued at the lower of cost or net realizable value. Our inventory consists almost entirely of finished and unfinished goods, and
freight, which include CBD energy waters, CBD waters, hemp energy drinks, lemonade drinks, cans for production, merchandise and apparel,
and other beverage and non-beverage products that complement the Company s current product offering. We periodically evaluate and
adjust inventories for obsolescence. The shelf life of all beverage inventory is two and one-half years, and as of December 31, 2022,
we had approximately 859,179 of product in inventory, net of a reserve for obsolescence of 80,000, which was an increase of approximately
 284,368, compared to 574,811 of product in inventory, net of a reserve for obsolescence of 150,000 at December 31, 2021. We expect
the balance of inventory to increase in direct relation to the increase in sales that we expect. See Note 2, Summary of Significant
Accounting Policies , Subsection Inventory, of our consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022,
for an additional description of our inventory that had a material effect on our consolidated financial statements. 

Goodwill
and Intangible Assets 

Goodwill
arises from business combinations and is generally determined as the excess of the fair value of the consideration transferred, plus
the fair value of any noncontrolling interests in the acquiree, over the fair value of the net assets acquired and liabilities assumed
as of the acquisition date. Goodwill acquired in a purchase business combination and determined to have an indefinite useful life are
not amortized, but tested for impairment at least annually or more frequently if events and circumstances exists that indicate that a
goodwill impairment test should be performed. We have selected December 31 as the date to perform the annual impairment test. 

Intangible
assets represent both indefinite lived and definite lived assets. Trademarks are deemed to have definite useful lives of ten years, are
amortized, and are tested annually for impairment. Intangible assets are reported on the balance sheet at cost less accumulated amortization.
We have selected December 31 as the date to perform the annual impairment test. See Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies,
Subsection Goodwill and Intangible Assets, of our consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022, for an
additional description of intangible assets that had a material effect on our consolidated financial statements. 

38 

Emerging
Growth Company Status 

On
April 5, 2012, the JOBS Act, was enacted. The JOBS Act provides that, among other things, an emerging growth company can
take advantage of an extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards. This provision allows an emerging
growth company to delay the adoption of some accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. As
an emerging growth company, we have irrevocably elected to take opt out of taking advantage of the extended transition
period afforded by the JOBS Act for the implementation of new or revised accounting standards and, as a result, we will comply with new
or revised accounting standards on the relevant dates on which adoption of such standards is required for non-emerging growth public
companies on a case-by-case basis. 

We
intend to rely on certain of the other exemptions and reduced reporting requirements provided by the JOBS Act. As an emerging growth
company, we are not required to, among other things, (i) provide an auditor s attestation report on our system of internal controls
over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404(b), and (ii) comply with any requirement that may be adopted by the Public Company Accounting
Oversight Board regarding mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement to the auditor s report providing additional information
about the audit and the financial statements (auditor discussion and analysis). 

We
will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier to occur of (1) the last day of our fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary
of the completion of this offering, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenues of at least 1.07 billion, or (c) in which we are
deemed to be a large accelerated filer under the rules of the SEC, which means the market value of our common shares that
is held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the last day of our second quarter, and (2) the date on which we have issued more
than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt during the prior three-year period. 

We
are also a smaller reporting company meaning that the market value of our stock held by non-affiliates plus the proposed
aggregate amount of gross proceeds to us as a result of this offering is less than 700 million and our annual revenue was less than
 100 million during the most recently completed fiscal year. We may continue to be a smaller reporting company after this offering if
either (i) the market value of our stock held by non-affiliates is less than 250 million or (ii) our annual revenue was less than 100
million during the most recently completed fiscal year and the market value of our stock held by non-affiliates is less than 700 million.
If we are a smaller reporting company at the time we cease to be an emerging growth company, we may continue to rely on exemptions from
certain disclosure requirements that are available to smaller reporting companies. Specifically, as a smaller reporting company we may
choose to present only the two most recent fiscal years of audited financial statements in our Annual Report on Form 10-K and, similar
to emerging growth companies, smaller reporting companies have reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation. 

Recently
Issued Accounting Pronouncements 

See
Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies to our consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022
for a discussion of recent accounting pronouncements. 

ITEM
7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

As
a smaller reporting company, the Company is not required to provide the information required by this Item 7A. 

39 

ITEM
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

INDEX
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Financial
 Statements of Kona Gold Beverage, Inc. 

Report
 of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID NO: 
 F-1 
 
 Consolidated
 Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 F-2 
 
 Consolidated
 Statements of Loss for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-3 
 
 Consolidated
 Statements of Stockholders Deficit for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-4 
 
 Consolidated
 Statements of Cash Flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-5 
 
 Notes
 to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-6 

40 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Board of Directors and Stockholders of 

 Kona
Gold Beverage, Inc 

 Melbourne,
Florida 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Kona Gold Beverage, Inc.. (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021,
the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders deficit, and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related
notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present
fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results
of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America. 

Going
Concern 

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed
in Note 1 to the financial statements, the Company has experienced recurring operating losses and negative operating cash flows and has
a stockholders deficit as of December 31, 2022. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to
continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1 to the financial statements.
The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion
on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company
in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission
and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud.
The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part
of our audit we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing
an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether
due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence
regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe
that our audits provided a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2022. 

/s/

March
31, 2023 

F- 1 

KONA
GOLD BEVERAGE, INC. 
CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 

(Unaudited) 

ASSETS 

CURRENT ASSETS 

Cash 

Accounts receivable, net of allowance for doubtful accounts of and ,
 respectively 

Inventory, net of reserve for obsolescence of 80,000 and 150,000, respectively 

Prepaids 
 - 

Other current assets 

Total current assets 

NON-CURRENT ASSETS 

Property, plant and equipment, net 

Right-of-use asset, net 

Intangible property, net 

Deposits 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

CURRENT LIABILITIES 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Accrued compensation 

Notes payable, net of discount of and , respectively, current 

Notes payable - related parties, current 

Acquisition obligations, current 

Lease liabilities, current 

Convertible debt, net of discount of and , respectively 

Derivative liability 
 - 

Total current liabilities 

NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES 

Notes payable - related parties, net of current 
 - 

Notes payable, net of current 

Acquisition obligations, net of current 
 - 

Lease liabilities, net of current 

Total liabilities 

COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES 
 - 

STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Preferred Stock, par value, shares authorized, and issued and outstanding,
 respectively 

Common Stock, par value, authorized, and , issued and
 outstanding, respectively 

Common stock issuable shares) 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders deficit 

Total liabilities and stockholders deficit 

See
notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F- 2 

KONA
GOLD BEVERAGE, INC. 
CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

2022 
 2021 

Year Ended 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 REVENUES, NET 

COST OF REVENUES 

Gross profit 

OPERATING EXPENSES 

Selling, general and administrative expenses 

Impairment of goodwill 
 - 

Loss from operations 

Other income / (expense) 

Interest expense 

Financing costs 

Change in the fair value of derivative liability 

Loss on extinguishment of debt 

Gain on forgiveness of SBA PPP loan 
 - 

Other income (expense) 

Net Loss 

NET LOSS PER COMMON SHARE: 

Basic and diluted 

WEIGHTED AVERAGE NUMBER OF COMMON SHARES: 

Basic and diluted 

See
notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

KONA
GOLD BEVERAGE, INC. 
STATEMENTS
OF STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 in Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 

Common Stock 
 Preferred Stock 
 Common Shares 
 Additional 
 
 Total 

.00001 Par 
 .00001 Par 
 Issuable 
 Paid 
 Accumulated 
 Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 in Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance December 31, 2020 

Common Stock Issued for Compensation 

- 

Common Stock issued for acquisition 

Warrants related to convertible debenture 

Preferred Stock Conversion to Common Stock 

- 
 
 - 

Common Stock Issued for Conversion of Convertible Debt and Accrued Interest 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance December 31, 2021 

Balance 

Common stock issued for conversion of convertible debt and accrued interest 

Common stock issued with note payable recorded as debt discount 

Common stock issued for services 

Warrants related to convertible notes 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance December 31, 2022 

Balance 

See
notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

KONA
GOLD BEVERAGE, INC. 
CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

 For
the Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 CASH USED IN OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash provided by operations: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Change in allowance for doubtful accounts 
 
 - 
 
 Change in inventory reserves 

Right-of-use asset amortization 

Amortization of debt discount 

Amortization of intangible assets 

Impairment of goodwill 
 - 

Financing costs 

Loss on extinguishment of debt 

Gain on change in fair value of derivative liabilities 

Common stock issued for services 

Gain on forgiveness of PPP loan 
 - 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Decrease (increase) in accounts receivable 

Decrease (increase) in inventory 

Decrease (increase) in prepaids 

Decrease (increase) in other current assets 

Decrease (increase) in deposits 
 - 

Increase (decrease) in accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Increase (decrease) in amounts due to customer 
 - 

Increase (decrease) in accrued compensation 

Increase (decrease) in lease liability 

Net cash used in operating activities 

CASH USED IN INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Purchase of purchase property, plant and equipment 

Changes in intellectual property 
 - 

Net cash used in investing activities 

CASH PROVIDED BY FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Proceeds from note payable - related party 
 
 - 
 
 Repayment of note payable - related party 

Changes in acquisition obligations 

Principal repayments of finance lease obligation 

Proceeds from notes payable, net of expenses 
 
 - 
 
 Repayment of notes payable 

Proceeds from convertible debentures payable, net of expenses 

Proceeds from PPP notes payable 
 - 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net cash increase (decrease) for period 

Cash at beginning of period 

Cash at end of period 

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION: 

Cash paid for income taxes 

Cash paid for interest 

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF NON-CASH INVESTING AND FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Common stock issued for acquisition of S S 
 - 

Recording of right of use asset and lease liability 
 - 

Fair value of derivative liability created upon issuance of convertible debenture
 and warrants 

Common shares issued on conversion of debentures and accrued interest 

Issuance of loan payable for vehicle purchase 

Fair value of common stock issues with a note payable received as a debt discount 
 
 - 
 
 Fair value of warrants issued upon issuance of convertible notes 
 
 - 

See
notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

KONA
GOLD BEVERAGE, INC. 
NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

and used cash in operations of and had a stockholders 
deficit of as of that date. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going
concern within one year after the date of the financial statements being issued. The ability of the Company to continue as a going concern
is dependent upon the Company s ability to raise additional funds and implement its business plan. The financial statements do
not include any adjustments that might be necessary if the Company is unable to continue as a going concern. 

At
December 31, 2022, the Company had cash on hand in the amount of . Subsequent to December 31, 2022, the Company received proceeds
of on the sale of notes, including the draw of from the issuance of a line of credit on March 7, 2023, the
draw of from the issuance of a line of credit on March 9, 2023, and the entry into an equity line of credit of up to
 on March 30, 2023 (that, as of the Date of this Annual Report, the Company has not utilized) (see Note 15). The Company believes
it has enough cash to sustain operations through December 31, 2023. The continuation of the Company as a going concern is dependent upon
its ability to obtain necessary debt or equity financing to continue operations until it begins generating positive cash flow. No assurance
can be given that any future financing will be available or, if available, that it will be on terms that are satisfactory to the Company.
Even if the Company is able to obtain additional financing, it may contain undue restrictions on our operations, in the case of debt
financing or cause substantial dilution for our stockholders, in case or equity financing. 

and , respectively. 

and , respectively. The
shelf life of all beverage inventory is two years, and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, all inventory was current, as reflected in the
accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

Machinery
 and equipment 

Vehicles 

Computer
 equipment 
 
 - 

Management
assesses the carrying value of property and equipment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may
not be recoverable. If there is indication of impairment, management prepares an estimate of future cash flows expected to result from
the use of the asset and its eventual disposition. If these cash flows are less than the carrying amount of the asset, an impairment
loss is recognized to write down the asset to its estimated fair value. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company determined
there were no indicators of impairment of its property and equipment. 

on the accompanying consolidated statements of operations, leaving no remaining goodwill balance
at December 31, 2021. 

Intangible
Assets with Finite Useful Lives 

We
have certain finite lived intangible assets that were initially recorded at their fair value at the time of acquisition. These intangible
assets consist of developed technology. Intangible assets with finite useful lives are amortized using the straight-line method over
their estimated useful life of . 

of total sales. The Company recorded an allowance for sales return at the years ending December 31, 2022 and 2021 of approximately
 and , respectively, which is netted against revenue in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Loss. 

Amazon 

Online Sales 

Retail 

Shipping 

Sales Returns and Allowances 

Net Revenues 

The
following table presents our net revenues by product lines for the period presented: 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Product Line 
 Revenue 
 Revenue 
 Change 
 
 Hemp Energy Drinks 

CBD Energy Waters 

Lemonade Drinks 

Apparel 

Retail 

Shipping 

Sales returns and allowance 

Net Revenues 

and 
for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Common stock equivalent of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock 

Common stock equivalent of Series D Convertible Preferred Stock 

Common stock issuable 

Restricted common stock 

Common stock on convertible debentures and accrued interest 

Total 

Anti-dilutive shares 

segment for the manufacture and distribution
of our products. In accordance with the Segment Reporting Topic of the ASC, the Company s chief operating decision
maker has been identified as the Chief Executive Officer and President, who reviews operating results to make decisions about allocating
resources and assessing performance for the entire Company. Existing guidance, which is based on a management approach to segment reporting,
establishes requirements to report selected segment information quarterly and to report annually entity-wide disclosures about products
and services, major customers, and the countries in which the entity holds material assets and reports revenue. All material operating
units qualify for aggregation under Segment Reporting due to their similar customer base and similarities in: economic
characteristics; nature of products and services; and procurement, manufacturing and distribution processes. Since the Company operates
in one segment, all financial information required by Segment Reporting can be found in the accompanying financial statements. 

.
Generally, the Company s policy is to minimize borrowing costs by immediately applying cash receipts to borrowings against its
credit facility. From time to time, however, the Company may be exposed to risk for the amounts of funds held in bank accounts in excess
of the FDIC limit. To minimize the risk, the Company s policy is to maintain cash balances with high quality financial institutions. 

Gross
sales. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company reported no customers that accounted for of gross sales. During the
year ended December 31, 2021, the Company reported no customers that accounted for of gross sales. 

Accounts
receivable. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had accounts receivable from two customers
that comprised and of its gross accounts receivable. As of December 31, 2021, the Company had accounts receivable from two customers
that comprised and of its gross accounts receivable. 

Co-Packers.
 The raw materials used in the production of the Company s products are obtained by the Company s co-packers and consist
primarily of materials such as the flavors, caffeine, sugars or sucralose, taurine, vitamins, CBD, and hemp seed protein contained in
its beverages, the bottles in which its beverages are packaged, and the labeling on the outside of its beverages. These principal raw
materials are subject to price and availability fluctuations. The Company currently relies on a few key co-packers, which in turn rely
on a few key suppliers. The Company continually endeavors to have back-up co-packers, which co-packers would in turn depend on their
third-party suppliers to supply certain of the flavors and concentrates that are used in the Company s beverages. The Company is
also dependent on these co-packers to negotiate arrangements with their existing suppliers that would enable the Company to obtain access
to certain of such concentrates or flavor formulas under certain extraordinary circumstances. Additionally, in a limited number of cases,
the Company s co-packers may have contractual restrictions with their suppliers or the Company s co-packers may need to obtain
regulatory approvals and licenses that may limit the co-packers ability to enter into agreements with alternative suppliers. Contractual
restrictions in the agreements the Company has with certain distributors may also limit the Company s ability to enter into agreements
with alternative distributors. The Company believes that a satisfactory supply of co-packers will continue to be available at competitive
prices, although there can be no assurance in this regard. With respect to Gold Leaf s operations, the Company continually endeavors
to contract with additional beverage vendors to ensure the Company has adequate inventory. The Company believes that a satisfactory supply
of vendors will continue to be available at competitive prices, although there can be no assurance in this regard. 

Purchases
from vendors. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company s largest one vendor accounted for approximately of
all purchases, respectively. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company s largest three vendors accounted for approximately
 , , and of all purchases, respectively. 

Accounts
payable. As of December 31, 2022, two vendors accounted for more than the total accounts payable. The Company s
largest two vendors accounted for , and of the total accounts payable, respectively. As of December 31, 2021, four vendors accounted
for more than 10 the total accounts payable. The Company s largest four vendors accounted for , , , and of the total
accounts payable, respectively. 

Finished goods, net 

Total 

At
December 31, 2022 and 2021, inventory presented above is net of a reserve for slow moving and potentially obsolete inventory of 
and , respectively. 

Computers and Software 

Machinery Equipment 

Vehicles 

Total cost 

Accumulated depreciation 

Property, plant and equipment, net 

Depreciation
for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, was and respectively, and is included in selling, general and administrative
expenses in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Loss. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company entered into a loan to purchase a vehicle for (see Note 8). During the year ended
December 31, 2021, the Company entered into a loan to purchase a vehicle for , for which the Company made a down payment of 
and financed (see Note 8). 

restricted shares of Kona
Gold Beverage, Inc. s common stock (the Acquisition Stock of a fair value of . The Company did not grant
them any registration rights in respect of the shares of Acquisition Stock. The Company also agreed to pay an aggregate of 
(the Aggregate Acquisition Payments ), the majority of which is allocated to certain creditors of S and S (including one
of the S and S s legacy shareholders) and approximately was allocated and paid to the five S and S legacy shareholders
on a pro rata basis. The Company paid approximately of the Aggregate Acquisition Payments at the closing of the transaction.
The remaining Aggregate Acquisition Payments, including the Remaining Acquisition Payments, are scheduled to be paid in monthly installments,
in arrears on the tenth calendar day of each month, commencing on March 10, 2021, at a rate equivalent to per case of Lemin Superior
Lemonade (the product line of S and S that we have now branded as Ooh La Lemin) that we sell until the Aggregate Acquisition Payments
have been paid in full. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company paid of the remaining Aggregate Acquisition Payments,
leaving an acquisition obligation balance of at December 31, 2021. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company paid
 of the remaining Aggregate Acquisition Payments, leaving an acquisition obligation balance of at December 31, 2022. 

The
Company utilized the acquisition method of accounting for the S and S acquisition in accordance with ASC 805, Business Combinations .
The Company allocated the purchase price to acquired tangible assets, identifiable intangible assets, and assumed liabilities at their
estimated fair values as of the date of acquisition. The fair value of the intangible assets was estimated using the income approach,
pursuant to which after-tax cash flows are discounted to present value based on projections and other available financial data. The cash
flows were based on estimates used to value the acquisition, and the discount rates applied were benchmarked with reference to the implied
rate of return from the transaction model, as well as the weighted average cost of capital. The valuation assumptions took into consideration
the Company s estimates of customer attrition and revenue growth projections. The excess of the purchase price paid by the Company
over the estimated fair value of identified tangible and intangible assets has been recorded as goodwill. The acquisition was intended
to augment and diversify the Company s business. Key factors that contributed to the recorded goodwill and intangible assets in
the aggregate were the opportunity to generate future revenues and synergies within the business. The goodwill will not be amortized
but will be tested annually for impairment. 

Note payable acquisition 

Common stock shares of common stock at per share) 

Total consideration paid 

Purchase price allocation 

Acquired assets 

Goodwill 

Total purchase price 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, management determined there were indications of impairment, and recorded a charge of , leaving
no remaining goodwill balance at December 31, 2021. 

Proforma
information for the year ended December 31 2021 has been omitted as the operations of S and S prior to the acquisition were de minimis. 

Website development 

Accumulated amortization 

Total Intangible Assets, net of amortization 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded amortization expense of and , respectively. The following
table summarizes the amortization expense to be recorded in future periods for intangible assets that are subject to amortization: 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total 

Note payable related party (b) 
 
 - 
 
 Note payable related party (c) 

Note payable related party (d) 

Total notes payable related parties 

Notes payable related parties, current portion 

Notes payable related parties, net of current portion 
 - 

(a) 
 . Advances under this line of credit bear interest at the rate of percent per annum. The line
 of credit matures on , at which time all outstanding principal amounts and accrued interest are due and payable. At
 December 31, 2022 and 2021, outstanding principal was and , respectively. 

(b) 
 . Advances under this line of credit bear interest at the rate of percent per annum. The line of credit matures
 on , at which time all outstanding principal amounts and accrued interest are due and payable. At December 31, 2022, the
 outstanding principal was . 

(c) 
 . Advances under this line of credit bear interest at the rate of percent per annum. The line of
 credit matures on , at which time all outstanding principal amounts and accrued interest are due and payable. December
 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, outstanding principal was and , respectively. 

(d) 
 . Mr. Clark is the Company s President, Chief Executive Officer, Secretary, and Chairman of the
 Board. The note bears no interest. Principal payments of per month commenced in March 2019, with . On March 15, 2022, the Company issued an Amendment to the original issued Standard Promissory Note in Favor of Robert Clark
 for the remaining outstanding principal of . Principal payment of per month, with . The
 outstanding principal balance of this note at December 31, 2021 was . During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company
 made principal payments of , leaving an outstanding principal balance of at December 31, 2022. 

At
December 31, 2021, accrued interest on notes payable to related parties was . During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company
added of additional accrued interest, leaving an accrued interest balance on the notes payable to related parties of 
at December 31, 2022. Accrued interest is included in accounts payable and accrued expenses in the accompanying Condensed Consolidated
Balance Sheets. 

Note payable (b) 
 
 - 
 
 Note payable (c) 
 
 - 
 
 Note payable (d) 
 
 - 
 
 Note payable (e) 
 
 - 
 
 Note payable (f) 
 
 - 
 
 Note payable (g) 
 
 - 
 
 Total notes payable 

Less debt discount (e) 
 
 - 
 
 Total notes payable, net 

Notes payable, current portion 

Notes payable, net of current portion 

(a) 
 , after making a down payment of . The loan term
 is for months, annual interest rate of , with monthly principal and interest payments of , and secured by the purchased
 vehicle. At December 31, 2021, the loan balance was . During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company made principal
 payments of , leaving a loan balance of at December 31, 2022, of which was recorded as the current portion of
 loan payable on the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheet. 

(b) 
 , after making a down payment. The loan term is for
 months, annual interest rate of , with monthly principal and interest payments of , and secured by the purchased vehicle.
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company made principal payments of , leaving a loan balance of at December
 31, 2022, of which was recorded as the current portion of loan payable on the accompanying Consolidated Balance
 Sheet. 

(c) 
 . Advances under this line of credit bear interest at the rate of 
 percent per annum. The line of credit matures in 2023, at which time all outstanding principal amounts and accrued interest are due
 and payable. At December 31, 2022, the outstanding principal was , which was recorded as the current portion of loan payable
 on the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheet. 

(d) 
 . The secured note payable matures on , and bears interest at the rate of percent per annum. The secured
 debenture is secured by nine (9) identified motor vehicles of the Company. In connection with the issuance of the debenture, the
 Company issued to the lender million shares of the Company s common stock at a price of per share. The Company determined
 the fair value of the million shares was , which was recorded as a debt discount against the secured debenture. As of
 December 31, 2022, the outstanding balance of the secured debentures amounted to and the unamortized debt discount was ,
 which was recorded as the current portion of loan payable on the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

(e) 
 , and in return,
 the lender receives a secured right to collect a fix sum of future receipts/revenue of to be collected by the Company. In
 accordance with the agreement, the Company agreed to sell, assign and transfer to the Purchaser of all the Company s payments,
 receipts, settlements and funds paid to or received by or for the account of the Company from time to time on and after the date
 hereof in payment or settlement of the Company s existing and future accounts, payment intangibles, credit, debit and/or stored
 value card transactions, contract rights and other entitlements arising from or relating to the payment of monies from the Company s
 customers and/or other payors or obligors. The loan is payable in weekly payments of , is secured by these assets described
 above, and is guaranteed by Robert Clark, the Company s Chief Executive Officer. Upon execution of the advance and receipt
 of funds, the Company recorded the difference of between the cash collected and the face amount of the note as a note discount
 and will amortize the note discount as interest expense over the life of the advance. As of December 31, 2022, the outstanding balance
 of the secured debentures amounted to and the unamortized debt discount was , which was recorded as the current portion
 of loan payable on the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

(f) 
 after fees, and
 in return, the lender receives a secured right to collect a fix sum of future receipts/revenue of to be collected by the
 Company. In accordance with the agreement, the Company agreed to sell, assign and transfer to the Purchaser of all the Company s
 payments, receipts, settlements and funds paid to or received by or for the account of the Company from time to time on and after
 the date hereof in payment or settlement of the Company s existing and future accounts, payment intangibles, credit, debit
 and/or stored value card transactions, contract rights and other entitlements arising from or relating to the payment of monies from
 the Company s customers and/or other payors or obligors. The loan is payable in daily payments of , is secured by these
 assets described above, and is guaranteed by Robert Clark, the Company s Chief Executive Officer. Upon execution of the advance
 and receipt of funds, the Company recorded the difference of between the cash collected and the face amount of the note as
 a note discount, and will amortize the note discount as interest expense over the life of the advance. As of December 31, 2022, the
 outstanding balance of the secured debentures amounted to and the unamortized debt discount was , which was recorded
 as the current portion of loan payable on the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

(g) 
 , and in return,
 the lender receives a secured right to collect a fix sum of future receipts/revenue of to be collected by the Company. In
 accordance with the agreement, the Company agreed to sell, assign and transfer to the Purchaser of all the Company s payments,
 receipts, settlements and funds paid to or received by or for the account of the Company from time to time on and after the date
 hereof in payment or settlement of the Company s existing and future accounts, payment intangibles, credit, debit and/or stored
 value card transactions, contract rights and other entitlements arising from or relating to the payment of monies from the Company s
 customers and/or other payors or obligors. The loan is payable in weekly payments of , is secured by these assets described
 above, and is guaranteed by Robert Clark, the Company s Chief Executive Officer. Upon execution of the advance and receipt
 of funds, the Company recorded the difference of between the cash collected and the face amount of the note as a note discount
 and will amortize the note discount as interest expense over the life of the advance. As of December 31, 2022, the outstanding balance
 of the secured debentures amounted to and the unamortized debt discount was , which was recorded as the current portion
 of loan payable on the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

At
December 31, 2021, there was accrued interest on the notes payable. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company added 
of additional accrued interest, leaving of accrued interest balance on the notes payable at December 31, 2022. Accrued interest
in included in accounts payable and accrued expenses in the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company amortized debt discount of to interest expense on the above notes. 

Mast Hill 
 
 - 
 
 Secured debentures 

Less debt discount 

Secured debentures, net 

YA
II PN, Ltd. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued secured debentures to an otherwise unaffiliated third-party investor (the Selling
Stockholder in the aggregate of . The debentures are secured by all tangible and intangible assets of the Company and
are also convertible into shares of our common stock at a conversion price of per share or a per share amount equivalent to . As the ultimate determination of shares to be issued upon
conversion of these debentures can exceed the current number of available authorized shares, we determined that the conversion features
of these convertible debentures are not considered indexed to our Company s own capital stock and characterized the fair value
of the conversion features as derivative liability. In connection with the issuances of the debentures, the Company granted to the Selling
Stockholder warrants to purchase up to million shares of the Company s common stock. The warrants are exercisable at 
per share, related to the conversion feature of the debentures; (b) relative fair value of the warrants granted
of ; and (c) and original issue discounts of of the debentures for a total of , of which, was
accounted as debt discount and the remaining as financing costs . The debt discount is being amortized to interest expense
over the term of the corresponding debentures. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Selling Stockholder converted certain of the remaining balance of the 2020 Debentures and certain
of the debentures that were issued in with an aggregate principal of and accrued interest of , or a total 
into shares of common stock with a fair value of . The Company followed the general extinguishment model to record
the conversion and settlement of the debt. The debt and accrued interest totaled , the related unamortized debt discount totaled
 , and the shares issued were measured at their respective fair value upon conversion which amounted to . In addition,
the bifurcated conversion option derivatives, after a final mark-up to , were also removed. As a result, the Company recorded
a loss on extinguishment of debt of . 

As
of December 31, 2021, outstanding balance of the debentures issued in 2021 amounted to and unamortized debt discount of ,
or a net balance of . 

On
May 5, 2022, the Company issued similar debentures to the Selling Stockholder in the aggregate amount of . per share or 80 of the lowest daily volume weighted average
price VWAP of the Company s common stock during the 10 trading days immediately preceding the conversion date .
As the ultimate determination of shares of common stock to be issued upon conversion of these debentures can exceed the current number
of available authorized shares, the Company determined that the conversion features of these debentures are not considered indexed to
the Company s own stock and characterized the fair value of the conversion features as a derivative liability (see Note 10). In
connection with the issuances of these debentures, the Company also granted to the selling stockholder warrants to purchase up to 
shares of common stock. The warrants are exercisable at per share and will expire in three years from their grant date. As a result
of these issuances, the Company incurred the following (a) derivative liability of related to the conversion feature of the
debentures; (b) relative fair value of the warrants granted of ; and (c) and original issue discount of for a total of
 , of which, was accounted as debt discount and the remaining as financing costs. The debt discount is being
amortized to interest expense over the term of the corresponding debentures. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the note holder converted its remaining principal of and accrued interest of , or
a total , into shares of the Company s common stock with a fair value of , and the notes were retired.
The Company followed the general extinguishment model to record the conversions and settlement of the debt. As such, the Company removed
the debt and accrued interest totaled , the related unamortized debt discount totaled at the date of conversion.
In addition, the Company revalued the derivative related to the bifurcated conversion option to its fair value of at the date
of the conversion and removed that amount. As a result, the Company recorded a loss on extinguishment of debt of . 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company amortized debt discount of to interest expense on the YA II PN, Ltd. loans. 

Mast
Hill 

On
July 28, 2022, the Company issued senior secured debentures to an otherwise unaffiliated third-party investor (the Investor in the aggregate of . per share. If the Company issues subsequent equity instruments at an effective
price per share that is lower than the conversion price of 0.0045 per shares, then the conversion price shall be reduced, at the option
of the Holder, to a price equal to the Weighted Average Price (as defined), provided, further, that if the conversion price is equal
to or less than 0.003, then the conversion price shall be reduced at the option of the Holder to a price equal to the lower price . The
senior secured debentures are secured by all of the Company s assets and the assets of each of its subsidiaries pursuant to the
Security Agreement. The security interest granted to the Investor under the Security Agreement is subordinate to the continuing security
interest that remains in effect pursuant to the previous grant of a security interest in connection with a still-outstanding debenture
to an earlier investor all tangible and intangible assets. In connection with the issuances of the debentures, the Company granted to
the Selling Stockholder warrants to purchase up to million shares of the Company s common stock, which expire on .
The warrants are exercisable at per share. As a result of these issuances and grants, we incurred the following (a) relative
fair value of the warrants granted of ; and (b) original issue discounts of of the debentures for a total of 
which was allocated as debt discount. The debt discount is being amortized to interest expense over the term of the corresponding debentures.
During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company amortized debt discount of to interest expense on the loan. As of December
31, 2022, the unamortized debt discount was . 

As
of December 31, 2022, no shares of common stock were potentially issuable under the conversion terms of the outstanding debentures. 

At
December 31, 2021, accrued interest on the convertible notes payable was . During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company
added of additional accrued interest, and converted of accrued interest into common stock, leaving an accrued interest
balance on the convertible notes payable of at December 31, 2022. Accrued interest is included in accounts payable and accrued
expenses in the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

Exercise Price 
 - 

Expected Life (Years) 
 - 

Volatility 
 - 

Dividend Yield 
 - 

Risk-Free Interest Rate 
 - 

Fair value: 

Conversion feature 
 - 

The
risk-free interest rate was based on rates established by the Federal Reserve Bank. The Company uses the historical volatility of its
common stock to estimate the future volatility for its common stock. The expected life of the conversion feature of the notes was based
on the remaining term of the notes. The expected dividend yield was based on the fact that the Company has not customarily paid dividends
in the past and does not expect to pay dividends in the future. 

The
derivative liability balance was at December 31, 2020. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recognized derivative
liabilities of upon issuance of additional secured convertible debentures (see Note 9). The derivative liability balance was
decreased by , representing the change in the fair value of the derivative liability from the respective prior period recorded
as a component of other expenses, and a reduction of recorded as a component of the loss on extinguishment of debt included
in other expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations, leaving a derivative liability balance of at
December 31, 2021. 

As
discussed in Note 9, during the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized derivative liabilities of upon issuance
of additional secured convertible debentures, and the Company converted of convertible notes. At issuance it was determined
that the conversion feature of these notes contained a conversion feature that resulted in a derivative liability, the fair value of
which was at December 31, 2021. These convertible notes were converted to common shares during the period. As such, prior
to conversion the Company revalued the derivatives to their fair value at the date of extinguishment of , resulting in change
in fair value of . The Company removed the fair value of derivative of at date of extinguishment, which has been
included in the net loss on extinguishment, leaving no derivative liabilities at December 31, 2022. 

square feet of corporate office and warehouse space located at 746 North Drive, Suite A, Melbourne,
Florida 32934. The lease is for a five -year term and expires on . The initial monthly base rent was approximately ,
plus state taxes. The monthly base rent increases annually by percent. 

The
Company leases a square foot warehouse and main distribution hub in Greer, South Carolina. The lease is for a -month term that
commenced in May 2019 and expires on . Beginning in April 2020, the Company s monthly rent includes monthly base
payments of , plus applicable monthly CAM fees Common Area Maintenance ). The monthly base rent increases annually
by percent. 

The
Company leases a square foot building in Conway, South Carolina. -month that commenced in October
2021 and expires in November 2026 . The Company s monthly rent is approximately plus applicable monthly CAM fees (Common
Area Maintenance). The monthly base rent increases annually by percent. In October 2021, the Company recognized an operating lease
right of use ROU asset and lease liability of , related to the Conway, South Carolina operating lease utilizing
a present value rate of . 

Finance
Leases 

On
March 17, 2020, the Company entered into a lease agreement for equipment. . The agreement includes monthly payments of . 

During
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, lease costs totaled and , respectively. 

Our
ROU asset balance was as of December 31, 2020. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company added of operating
leases and recorded amortization of ROU assets of related to its leases, resulting in an ROU asset balance of as of
December 31, 2021. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded amortization of ROU assets of related to its
leases, resulting in an ROU asset balance of as of December 31, 2022. 

As
of December 31, 2020, lease liabilities totaled , comprised of finance lease liabilities of and operating lease liabilities
of . During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company added of operating leases, and made payments of against
its finance lease liability and against its operating lease liability. As of December 31, 2021, lease liabilities totaled ,
comprised of finance lease liabilities of and operating lease liabilities of . During the year ended December 31, 2022,
the Company made payments of against its finance lease liability and against its operating lease liability. At December
31, 2022, the current portion of lease liabilities was , leaving a long-term lease liabilities balance of . 

As
of December 31, 2022, the weighted average remaining lease terms for operating lease and finance lease are years and years,
respectively. As of December 31, 2022, the weighted average discount rate for operating lease is and for finance lease. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 and thereafter 
 - 
 
 Total payments 

Less: Amount representing interest 

Present value of net minimum lease payments 

Less: Current portion 

Non-current portion 

per share, at December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and ,
respectively. The Board, without further stockholder approval, may issue preferred stock in one or more series from time to time and
fix or alter the designations, relative rights, priorities, preferences, qualifications, limitations and restrictions of the shares of
each series. 

Series
A Preferred Stock 

The
Company had authorized shares of Series A Preferred Stock, par value of per share (the Series A Preferred Stock ),
of which no shares were issued or outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. Each share of Series A Preferred
Stock, when outstanding, could have been converted into one share of Common Stock. 

Series
B Preferred Stock 

The
Company had authorized shares of Series B Preferred Stock, par value of per share (the Series B Preferred Stock ),
of which were issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. Each share of Series B Preferred
Stock may be converted into one share of Common Stock. 

Series
C Preferred Stock 

On
February 13, 2023, the Company increased the authorized number of Series C Preferred Stock from to shares, par value
 per share (the Series C Preferred Stock ), by filing a Certificate of Designation of the Preferences, Rights,
and Limitations of the Series C Preferred Stock with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware. On
July 8, 2020, the Company amended the terms of the Series C Preferred Stock filed a Certificate of Designation of the Preferences,
Rights, and Limitations of the Series C Preferred Stock with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware. .
After the payment of the full applicable Preference Value of each share of the Series C Preferred Stock, our remaining assets
legally available for distribution, if any, will be distributed ratably to the holders of the Common Stock. The Series C Preferred
Stock has conversion rights, whereby each share of the Series C Preferred Stock automatically converts into one share of Common
Stock on the one-year anniversary of the issuance date. 

At
December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, no shares of Series C Preferred Stock were issued and outstanding. 

Series
D Preferred Stock 

The
Company had authorized shares of Series D Preferred Stock, par value of per share (the Series D Preferred Stock ),
of which shares were issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Each share of the Series D Preferred
Stock may be converted into shares of Common Stock. 

Common
Stock 

On
February 13, 2023, the Company increased the authorized number of Common Stock from to shares, par
value per share (the Common Stock ), by filing a Certificate of Designation of the Preferences, Rights, and
Limitations of the Common Stock with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware. The Company has authorized 
shares of the Common Stock, respectively, of which 
shares were issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022, and 
were issued and outstanding at December 31, 2021. 

Equity
Transactions 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued an aggregate of shares of Common Stock with a fair value of 
upon the conversion of of principal, and of accrued interest on its secured convertible debentures, at an average
price of (see Note 9). 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued an aggregate of shares of Common Stock with a fair value of 
upon the conversion of of principal and accrued interest on its convertible secured debentures (see Note 9). 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, and in connection with the issuance of a debenture, the Company issued to the lender shares
of the Company s common stock at a price of per share (see Note 8). The fair value of the shares issued was
 and recorded as a debt discount in the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheet. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued shares of its Common Stock with a fair value of for the acquisition
of S and S Beverage, Inc. (See Note 5). 

shares of Common Stock to Peter Troy pursuant to that certain Employment Agreement dated
October 1, 2021, by and between Mr. Troy and the Company. At the date of grant, the fair market value of the shares was per share
based on the closing price of the Common Stock, for a total value of . 

On
December 16, 2022, the Company granted shares of Common Stock to John Sargent pursuant to that certain Employment Agreement dated
February 1, 2021, by and between Mr. Sargent and the Company. At the date of grant, the fair market value of the shares was per
share based on the closing price of the Common Stock, for a total value of . 

During
2021 the Company issued an aggregate of shares of Common Stock to William J Stineman pursuant to that certain Employment Agreement
by and between Mr. Stineman and the Company. The per-share fair market value of the shares was based on the closing price of
the Common Stock as reported by the OTCM on the date of issuance, for a total value of . 

During
2021 the Company issued shares of Common Stock to John Torrence pursuant to performance award by and between Mr. Torrence and
the Company. At the date of issuance, the per-share fair market value of the shares was based on the closing price of the Common
Stock as reported by the OTCM on the date of issuance, for a total value of . 

Common
Stock Issuable 

On
August 12, 2015, the Company entered into an Employment Agreement with Robert Clark (the Clark Employment Agreement ). On
December 1, 2016, the Company entered into an Amendment to Employment Agreement (the Clark Amendment and, together with
the Clark Employment Agreement, the Amended Clark Employment Agreement ). Pursuant to the terms of the Amendment Clark Employment
Agreement, the Company agreed to issue, among other securities, shares of the Common Stock. . 

The
 shares of the Common Stock were issued to Mr. Clark, as follows: (i) on October 28, 2015, the Company issued of
such shares; (ii) on March 2, 2016, the Company issued of such, and (iii) on Mary 16, 2016, the Company issued 
of such shares. On April 19, 2018, (i) shares were cancelled and returned to the Company, and on July 31, 2019, (ii) an additional
 shares were cancelled and returned to the Company. Accordingly, as of December 31, 2019, the Company owed to Mr. Clark an
aggregate of shares to be reissued to him upon his request pursuant to the terms of the oral agreement with him which were
valued at based on their fair value at the date of grant. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company reclassified
its accrued stock compensation, previously reflected as a liability, to common shares issuable, a component of stockholders equity.
The reclassification was recorded after the Company concluded its accrued stock compensation had a fixed and determinable price with
no cash payment provision. 

Summary
of Warrants 

Warrants granted 

Warrants exercised 
 - 
 - 
 
 Warrants expired or forfeited 
 - 
 - 
 
 Balance outstanding, December 31, 2021 

Warrants granted 

Warrants exercised 
 - 
 - 
 
 Warrants expired or forfeited 
 - 
 - 
 
 Balance outstanding, December 31, 2022 

Balance exercisable, December 31, 2022 

Based
on the fair market value of per share on December 31, 2022, there was no intrinsic value attributed to both the outstanding and
exercisable warrants at December 31, 2022. 

In
connection with the issuance of senior convertible secured debentures on July 28, 2022 (see Note 9), the Company granted warrants with
a relative fair value of to purchase up to an aggregate of shares of the Common Stock. Each warrant has a five-year
term from issuance and is immediately exercisable at an exercise price of per share, subject to adjustment. The relative fair
value of these warrants at grant date was , which was determined using a Black-Scholes-Merton option pricing model with the following
assumptions: fair value of our stock price of per share, the expected term of , volatility of , dividend rate
of , and risk-free interest rate of . 

In
connection with the issuance of convertible secured debentures on May 2, 2022 (see Note 9), the Company granted warrants with a relative
fair value of to purchase up to an aggregate of shares of the Common Stock. Each warrant has a three-year term from
issuance and is immediately exercisable at an exercise price of per share, subject to adjustment. The relative fair value of these
warrants at grant date was , which was determined using a Black-Scholes-Merton option pricing model with the following assumptions:
fair value of our stock price of per share, the expected term of , volatility of , dividend rate of , and risk-free
interest rate of . 

In
connection with the issuance of 2021 convertible secured debentures in 2021 (see Note 9), the Company granted warrants with a relative
fair value of to purchase up to an aggregate of million shares of the Common Stock. Each warrant has a three-year term
from issuance and is immediately exercisable at an exercise price of per share, subject to adjustment. 

Stock Price 

Risk-free interest rate 

Expected volatility 

Expected life (in years) 

Expected dividend yield 

for Federal and state purposes. The carryforwards expire in various amounts through
2042. Given the Company s history of net operating losses, management has determined that it is more likely than not that the Company
will not be able to realize the tax benefit of the carryforwards. Accordingly, the Company has not recognized a deferred tax asset for
this benefit. Section 382 generally limits the use of NOLs and credits following an ownership change, which occurs when one or more 5
percent shareholders increase their ownership, in aggregate, by more than 50 percentage points over the lowest percentage of stock owned
by such shareholders at any time during the testing period (generally three years). 

Effective
January 1, 2007, the Company adopted FASB guidelines that address the determination of whether tax benefits claimed or expected to be
claimed on a tax return should be recorded in the financial statements. Under this guidance, we may recognize the tax benefit from an
uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities,
based on the technical merits of the position. The tax benefits recognized in the financial statements from such a position should be
measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than fifty percent likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement. This
guidance also provides guidance on de-recognition, classification, interest and penalties on income taxes, accounting in interim periods
and requires increased disclosures. At the date of adoption, and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company did not have a liability
for unrecognized tax benefits, and no adjustment was required at adoption. 

The
Company s policy is to record interest and penalties on uncertain tax provisions as income tax expense. As of December 31, 2022,
and 2021, the Company has not accrued interest or penalties related to uncertain tax positions. Additionally, tax years 2019 through
2022 remain open to examination by the major taxing jurisdictions to which the Company is subject. 

Upon
the attainment of taxable income by the Company, management will assess the likelihood of realizing the tax benefit associated with the
use of the carryforwards and will recognize the appropriate deferred tax asset at that time. 

State income tax benefit, net of federal benefit 

Change in valuation allowance 

Income taxes at effective tax rate 
 - 
 - 

Less: Valuation allowance 

Net deferred tax assets 
 - 
 - 

shares of Common Stock to Mast Hill upon the cashless exercise of
a warrants, at an average exercise price of (see Note 13). 

Common
Stock Issuable 

On
February 16, 2023, we issued shares of our Series C Preferred Stock to Robert Clark. As of that date, there were share
of common stock that were issuable to Mr. Clark. For this issuance we utilized of issuable shares. We issued these shares of common
stock pursuant to the exception from registration provided by Section 4a2 of the Securities Act. 

Cashless
Conversion of Secured Convertible Debentures 

On
March 1, 2023, the Company issued an aggregate of shares of Common Stock to Mast Hill upon the conversion of of principal,
and of accrued interest at an exercise price of . We issued these shares of common stock pursuant to the exception from
registration provided by Section 3a9 of the Securities Act, we did not receive any funds resulting from the conversions as we had received
funds from Mast Hill Fund from the secured debentures that we sold in July 2022. 

Lines
of Credit 

On
March 7, 2023, the Company entered into a Line of Credit Agreement with Celtic Bank. The Line of Credit is personally guaranteed by Robert
Clark, the Company s President, Chief Executive Officer, Secretary, and Chairman of the Board. The agreement established a revolving
line of credit in the amount of up to . Advances under this line of credit bear interest at the rate of percent per annum.
The line of credit matures on , at which time all outstanding principal amounts and accrued interest are due and payable.
On March 7, 2023, the Company drew down under this line of credit. 

On
March 9, 2023, the Company entered into a Line of Credit Agreement with American Express National Bank Celtic Bank. The Line of Credit
is personally guaranteed by Robert Clark, the Company s President, Chief Executive Officer, Secretary, and Chairman of the Board.
The agreement established a revolving line of credit in the amount of up to . Advances under this line of credit bear interest
at the rate of percent per annum. The line of credit matures on , at which time all outstanding principal amounts
and accrued interest are due and payable. The line of credit requires minimum monthly payments of . On March 9, 2023, the
Company drew down under this line of credit. 

Satisfaction
of Note Payable 

On
March 8, 2023, the Company satisfied a secured non-interest bearing advance, less purchase discount of . The Advance, dated December
16, 2022, included a lump sum payment of after fees, and in return, the lender receives a secured right to collect a fix sum
of future receipts/revenue of . 

2023
Security Purchase Agreement 

Pursuant
to a Securities Purchase Agreement dated as of March 13, 2023 (the SPA ), the Company, completed a private placement of a Senior Secured Promissory Note (the Senior Note with an initial
principal amount of and the grant of a common stock purchase Warrant (the Warrant that is exercisable for the
purchase of up to an aggregate of shares (the Warrant Shares of our Common Stock with a third-party investor
(the Investor ). In addition, to secure our obligations to the Investor under the Senior Note, we also entered into a Security
Agreement (the Security Agreement with and in favor of the Investor. Our subsidiaries are also parties to the Security
Agreement. 

The
transactions contemplated by the SPA were consummated on March 15, 2023 (the Issue Date ). Upon the funding, we sold and
issued the Senior Note and granted the Warrant. Pursuant to the SPA, the purchase price for the Senior Note was , less 
in fees, which consisted of an original issue discount of and for the Investor s legal fees. 

The
Senior Note is due 12 months from its issuance date and is secured by all of our assets and the assets of each of our subsidiaries pursuant
to the Security Agreement. The security interest granted to the Investor under the Security Agreement is subordinate to the continuing
security interest that remains in effect pursuant to the previous grant of a security interest in connection with a still-outstanding
debenture to an earlier investor. Initially, the Senior Note is convertible into shares of our Common Stock (the Conversion Shares at a fixed conversion price of per share, subject to adjustment due to merger, consolidation, exchange of shares, recapitalization,
reorganization, or similar event as set forth in the Senior Note (the Conversion Price ). The Senior Note contains an adjustment
provision that, subject to certain exceptions, reduces the conversion price if we issue shares of our Common Stock or common stock equivalents
at a price lower than the then-current Conversion Price of the Senior Note. Upon any stock splits, reverse stock splits, distributions,
stock dividends, or other similar event, the Investor will be entitled to participate in such an event on an as converted 
basis. The Senior Note is subject to a conversion blocker such that the Investor cannot convert any portion of the Senior
Note that would result in the Investor and its affiliates holding more than of the then-issued and outstanding shares of our Common
Stock following such conversion (excluding, for purposes of such determination, shares of the Common Stock issuable upon conversion of
the Senior Note or exercise of the Warrant that had not then been converted or exercised, respectively). The Investor does not have the
right to convert the Senior Note until six months after the Issue Date. The Senior Note accrues interest at an annual rate equal to 
and is due and payable on its maturity date (or sooner if the Investor converts the Senior Note or otherwise accelerates the maturity
date, as provided for in the Senior Note). Interest is payable in cash on the maturity date or, in shares of the Common Stock at the
then-current Conversion Price if the Investor converts the Senior Note or otherwise accelerates the maturity date, as provided for in
the Senior Note. 

At
our option, we have the right to redeem, in full, the outstanding principal and interest under the Senior Note prior to its maturity
date; provided , that , as of the date of the then-holder s receipt of the redemption notice, there has not been an
Event of Default. We must pay an amount equal to the principal amount being redeemed plus outstanding and accrued interest thereon, as
well as a administrative fee (the Redemption Amount ). We must provide seven Trading Days (as such term is defined
in the Senior Note) prior notice to the then-holder of the Senior Note of our intent to make a redemption. If such notice of redemption
is received six months after the Issue Date, the then-holder has the right to convert any or all of such to-be-prepaid amount into shares
of our Common Stock in accordance with the conversion provisions of the Senior Note prior to such redemption. 

Further,
commencing on May 10, 2023, and continuing on the tenth day of each calendar month thereafter, we are required to redeem an amount equivalent
to the sum of for each 12-count case of our beverages that we sell in the ordinary course, calculated two months in arrears. Accordingly,
the first redemption payment is due and payable on May 10, 2023 for the cases sold during the month of March, 2023. Mandatory redemption
payments are based upon revenues recognized by us in accordance with US GAAP for each such month, rather than upon the receipt by us
of funds received from sales during a relevant month. The above-referenced seven trading days prior notice and conversion provisions
do not apply to any of the mandatory redemption payments. 

We
also granted the Warrant to purchase up to an aggregate of the Warrant Shares. The Warrant has a five -year term and is immediately
exercisable at an exercise price of per share, subject to adjustment and is exercisable by the then-holder on a cashless 
basis. 

The
Warrant contains an adjustment provision that, subject to certain exceptions, reduces the exercise price if we issue shares of our Common
Stock or common stock equivalents at a price lower than the then-current exercise price of the Warrant. Any stock splits, reverse stock
splits, recapitalizations, mergers, combinations and asset sales, stock dividends, and similar events will result in an equitable adjustment
of the exercise price of the Warrant and, in certain circumstances, the number of Warrant Shares. The Warrant is subject to an exercise
blocker, such that the Investor cannot exercise any portion of the Warrant that would result in the Investor and its affiliates
holding more than of the then-issued and outstanding shares of our Common Stock following such exercise (excluding, for purposes
of such determination, shares of the Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrant or conversion of the Senior Note that had not
then been exercised or converted, respectively). 

First Amendment to Secured
Debenture 

On March 23, 2023, the Company
entered into a First Amendment to Secured Debenture (the First Amendment to amend a Secured Debenture (the Debenture ),
dated as of March 25, 2022. The original note was in the principal amount of and matured on . The Debenture is
amended and restated in its entirety with the following terms i) note payable matures March 24, 2024; ii) interest shall accrue on the
outstanding principal at a rate equal to twelve percent per annum; iii) monthly payments of principal and interest shall be made
in the amount of starting April 24, 2023 until the maturity date, which the entirety of the balance of principal plus interest
is due. 

2023 Equity Purchase Agreement 

Pursuant
to an Equity Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement dated as of March 30, 2023 (the EPA ), the Company
(i) agreed to sell to the same entity with whom we had entered into the Securities Purchase Agreement
dated as of March 13, 2023 up to Five Million Dollars (the Maximum Commitment Amount of shares of our Common
Stock (the Put Shares and (ii) granted to that Investor a Common Stock Purchase Warrant (the Warrant that
is exercisable for the purchase of up to an aggregate of shares (the Warrant Shares of our Common Stock. 

The Commitment Period commences on the
Execution Date, and ends on the earlier of (i) the date on which the Investor shall have purchased Put Shares pursuant to the Purchase
Agreement equal to 

 the Maximum Commitment Amount, (ii) March 30, 2025, (iii) written notice of termination by the Company to the Investor
(which shall not occur during any Valuation Period or at any time that the Investor holds any of the Put Shares), (iv) the Registration
Statement for the Put Shares is no longer effective after its initial effective date, or (v) the date that, pursuant to or within the
meaning of any Bankruptcy Law, the Company commences a voluntary case or any person commences a proceeding against the Company, a Custodian
is appointed for the Company or for all or substantially all of its property, or the Company makes a general assignment for the benefit
of its creditors. 

We also granted the Warrant
to purchase up to an aggregate of the Warrant Shares. The Warrant has a five-year term and is immediately exercisable at an
exercise price of per share, subject to adjustment and is exercisable by the then-holder on a cashless basis. The
Warrant contains an adjustment provision that, subject to certain exceptions, reduces the exercise price if we issue shares of Common
Stock or common stock equivalents at a price lower than the then-current exercise price of the Warrant. Any stock splits, reverse stock
splits, recapitalizations, mergers, combinations and asset sales, stock dividends, and similar events will result in an equitable adjustment
of the exercise price of the Warrant and, in certain circumstances, the number of Warrant Shares. The Warrant is subject to an exercise
blocker, such that the Investor cannot exercise any portion of the Warrant that would result in the Investor and its affiliates
holding more than of the then-issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock following such exercise (excluding, for purposes of
such determination, shares of the Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrant or Put Notice that had not then been exercised, respectively). 

Amendments
to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws 

On
February 13, 2023, the Company filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware a Certificate of Amendment to its amended and
restated Certificate of Incorporation (the Certificate of Amendment to increase the number of the Company s authorized
shares of common stock, par value per share (the Common Stock ), from two billion five hundred million shares to ten billion five hundred million shares. A copy of the Certificate of Amendment is attached hereto as Exhibit
3.7 and incorporated herein by reference. 

On
February 13, 2023, the Company filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware a Certificate of Amendment to its Certificate
of Designation of the Preferences, Rights, and Limitations of the Series C Preferred Stock (the Series C Certificate of Amendment to increase the number of designated shares of such series from two hundred fifty shares, par value per share, to two thousand shares, par value per share. 

Departure
of Director 

On
December 31, 2022, Mr. William J. Outlaw resigned from his position as Director of Kona Gold Beverages, Inc. (the Company ),
which resignation was effective on that date. Mr. Outlaw s resignation was not the result of any disagreement between the Company
and him on any matter relating to the Company s operations, policies, or practices. 

F- 27 

ITEM
9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

On
December 7, 2021, Weinberg Company, PA was engaged as our new independent registered public accounting firm, replacing BF Borgers
CPA BF Borgers ). 

During
the fiscal years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019, and the subsequent interim periods through December 13, 2021 (the date of Borgers
letter to the SEC attached as Exhibit 16.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K in respect of our changing of independent registered pubic
accounting firms), there were no disagreements (as defined in Item 304(a)(1)(iv) of Regulation S-K) with Borgers or reportable events
as described under Item 304(a)(1)(v) of Regulation S-K) on any matter of accounting principles or practices, financial statement disclosure,
or auditing scope or procedure, which disagreement, if not resolved to the satisfaction of the former accountant, would have caused
it to make a reference to the subject matter of the disagreement in connection with its report. 

ITEM
9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

We
maintain disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act, that are designed to
ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports under the Exchange Act, is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported
within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our
management, including our principal executive officer and our principal financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions
regarding required disclosure. 

We
carried out an evaluation under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer
and principal financial officer, of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)
under the Exchange Act) as of the year ended December 31, 2022. Based on this evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal
financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of December 31, 2022. 

Management s
Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f)
and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act). Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
and the oversight of our audit committee, has evaluated the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December
31, 2022. In assessing the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting, our management used the framework established
in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission
(COSO). Based on that evaluation, our management has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of
December 31, 2022. 

Auditor s
Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

This
Annual Report does not include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control
over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by our independent registered public accounting firm
pursuant to the rules of the SEC that permit us to provide only management s report in this Annual Report. 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There
were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act)
during the year ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control
over financial reporting. 

ITEM
9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

41 

PART
III 

ITEM
10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Directors
and Executive Officers 

All
directors hold office for a one (1)-year period and have been duly elected and qualified. Directors are elected at the annual meetings
to serve for one-year terms or until his or her successor has been elected and qualified, or until his or her death, resignation, or
removal. Each of our executive officers is appointed by and serves at the discretion of the Board. 

Our
directors and executive officers, their ages, positions held, and duration of such are as follows: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Date
 First Elected or 
 Appointed 
 
 Robert
 Clark 
 
 46 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer, President, Chairman of our Board, and Secretary 
 
 August
 12, 2015 
 
 Lori
 Radcliffe 
 
 49 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 
 October
 7, 2019 
 
 Christopher
 Selinger 
 
 52 
 
 Vice
 President of Sales 
 
 September
 1, 2018 
 
 Matthew
 Crystal 
 
 51 
 
 Independent
 Director 
 
 July
 26, 2018 

Business
Experience 

The
following is a brief overview of the business experience of each of our directors and executive officers during at least the past five
years, including their principal occupations or employment during the period, the name and principal business of the organization by
which they were employed, and certain of their other directorships: 

Robert
Clark, Chief Executive Officer, President, Chairman of our Board, and Secretary 

Robert
Clark has served as our Chief Executive Officer, President, and the Secretary and the Chairman of the Board since August 2015. Since
August 2015, Mr. Clark also serves as an Audit, Compensation, and Governance and Nominating Committee member. Prior to joining us, Mr.
Clark was the President of Branded Legacy (formerly known as Elev8 Brands, Inc.) from 2012 through 2015. Mr. Clark obtained a Bachelor
of Science degree from the School of Business at the University of Central Florida in 2003. We believe that Mr. Clark s background
in product development and design, along with more than 12 years of management experience, allows him to have a great understanding of
all levels within a company and successfully bring new products to market qualifies him to serve on our Board. 

Lori
Radcliffe, Chief Financial Officer 

Lori
Radcliffe has served as our Chief Financial Officer since October 2019. Ms. Radcliffe has worked in the accounting field since 2007,
most recently as a Senior Accountant at Berman Hopkins Wright Laham, CPA s and Associates from 2015 through 2019. Ms. Radcliffe
obtained her Bachelor of Science in Business Administration in Accounting from the University of Central Florida in 2016 and her MS in
Accounting from Liberty University in 2019. 

Christopher
Selinger, Vice President of Sales 

Christopher
Selinger has served as our Vice President of Sales since September 2018. Prior to joining us, Mr. Selinger served as the Southeast Operations
Manager of Southeast Beverage Company from 2015 to 2017 and as the Southeast Regional Sales Manager at Calypso Brands (King Juice Company,
Inc.) from 2009 to 2015. Mr. Selinger obtained his Associate of Science degree in 1991 from Midland Technical College. We believe that
Mr. Selinger s background in growing Calypso Brands into a national brand gives him a great understanding of all levels within
a company such as ours and the methods successfully to bring new products to market. 

42 

Matthew
Crystal, Independent Director 

Matthew
Crystal has served as one of our independent directors since July 26, 2018. Mr. Crystal is also a member of our Audit Committee, Compensation
Committee, and Governance and Nominating Committee. He has over 20 years of experience in direct response marketing, copywriting, and
web development and specializes in technical training, marketing, presenting, and architectural marketing. Mr. Crystal is the co-founder,
and since 2014, has been the Vice President of Operations and is currently the Chief Operations Officer of Elite Marketing Pro, LLC,
a global community of over 50,000 active small business entrepreneurs in more than 100 countries. Mr. Crystal graduated from Florida
State University in 1994 with a Bachelor of Science degree. We believe that Mr. Crystal s leadership and marketing experience qualifies
him to serve as a director. 

Director
Qualifications 

We
believe that our directors should have the highest professional and personal ethics and values, consistent with our longstanding values
and standards. They should be committed to enhancing stockholder value and should have sufficient time to carry out their duties and
to provide insight and practical wisdom based on experience. Their service on other boards of public companies should be limited to a
number that permits them, given their individual circumstances, to perform responsibly all director duties for us. Each director must
represent the interests of all stockholders. When considering potential director candidates, our Board also considers the candidate s
character, judgement, diversity, age, and skills, including business literacy and experience in the context of our needs and the needs
of our Board. 

Involvement
in Certain Legal Proceedings 

None
of our director and executive officers has been involved in any of the following events during the past ten years: 

(a) 
 any
 petition under the federal bankruptcy laws or any state insolvency laws filed by or against, or an appointment of a receiver, fiscal
 agent, or similar officer by a court for the business or property of such person, or any partnership in which such person was a general
 partner at or within two years before the time of such filing, or any corporation or business association of which such person was
 an executive officer at or within two years before the time of such filing; 

(b) 
 any
 conviction in a criminal proceeding or being subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor
 offenses); 

(c) 
 being
 subject to any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended, or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction,
 permanently or temporarily enjoining such person from, or otherwise limiting, the following activities: (i) acting as a futures commission
 merchant, introducing broker, commodity trading advisor, commodity pool operator, floor broker, leverage transaction merchant, any
 other person regulated by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, or an associated person of any of the foregoing, or as an investment
 adviser, underwriter, broker or dealer in securities, or as an affiliated person, director or employee of any investment company,
 bank, savings and loan association, or insurance company, or engaging in or continuing any conduct or practice in connection with
 such activity; engaging in any type of business practice; or (ii) engaging in any activity in connection with the purchase or sale
 of any security or commodity or in connection with any violation of federal or state securities laws or federal commodities laws; 

(d) 
 being
 the subject of any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended, or vacated, of any federal or state authority
 barring, suspending, or otherwise limiting for more than 60 days the right of such person to engage in any activity described in
 paragraph (c)(i) above, or to be associated with persons engaged in any such activity; 

(e) 
 being
 found by a court of competent jurisdiction (in a civil action), the SEC to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities
 law, and the judgment in such civil action or finding by the SEC has not been reversed, suspended, or vacated; 

43 

(f) 
 being
 found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action or by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated any
 federal commodities law, and the judgment in such civil action or finding by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission has not been
 subsequently reversed, suspended, or vacated; 

(g) 
 being
 the subject of, or a party to, any federal or state judicial or administrative order, judgment, decree, or finding, not subsequently
 reversed, suspended, or vacated, relating to an alleged violation of: (i) any federal or state securities or commodities law or regulation;
 or (ii) any law or regulation respecting financial institutions or insurance companies including, but not limited to, a temporary
 or permanent injunction, order of disgorgement or restitution, civil money penalty or temporary or permanent cease- and-desist order,
 or removal or prohibition order; or (iii) any law or regulation prohibiting mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection with any business
 entity; or 

(h) 
 being
 the subject of, or a party to, any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any self-regulatory organization
 (as defined in Section 3(a)(26) of the Exchange Act), any registered entity (as defined in Section 1(a)(29) of the Commodity Exchange
 Act), or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that has disciplinary authority over its members or persons
 associated with a member. 

Family
Relationships and Other Arrangements 

There
are no family relationships among any of our directors or executive officers. 

None
of our directors or executive officers was selected to serve in their respective roles pursuant to any arrangement or understanding between
such director or executive officer and any person. 

Committees
of our Board 

We
have an Audit Committee, a Compensation Committee, and a Governance and Nominating Committee. Currently, we have one independent director,
Matthew Crystal, who meets the independent director requirements of The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC and the SEC. Mr. Crystal serves on the
Audit Committee, Compensation Committee, and Governance and Nominating Committee. Robert Clark, our President, Chief Executive Officer,
and Chairman of our Board, serves on the Audit, Compensation, and Governance and Nominating Committees. Each committee has the responsibilities
described below. During our fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, our Board acted by unanimous written consent two times and we had four
formal Board meetings. 

Audit
Committee 

On
July 8, 2020, our Board adopted an audit committee charter (the Audit Committee Charter to govern the Audit Committee.
Currently, Messrs. Crystal and Clark (Chairman) serve on the Audit Committee. As of the date of this Annual Report, none of the members
qualifies as an audit committee financial expert. During our fiscal year ended December 31, 2020, our Audit Committee did
not formally meet. 

The
Audit Committee Charter requires that each member of the Audit Committee meet the independence requirements of The Nasdaq Stock Market
LLC and the SEC and requires that the Audit Committee have at least one member that qualifies as an audit committee financial
expert. We intend to identify potential new directors that can serve as Audit Committee members and satisfy these requirements.
In addition to the enumerated responsibilities of the Audit Committee in the Audit Committee Charter, the primary function of the Audit
Committee is to assist our Board in its general oversight of our accounting and financial reporting processes, audits of our financial
statements, and internal control and audit functions. The Audit Committee Charter can be found online at https://konagoldhemp.com/media/pubco/Kona-Gold-Solutions-Audit-Committee-Charter.pdf. 

44 

Compensation
Committee 

On
July 8, 2020, our Board approved and adopted a charter (the Compensation Committee Charter to govern the Compensation
Committee. Currently, Messrs. Crystal and Clark (Chairman) serve as members of the Compensation Committee. Mr. Crystal meets the independence
requirements of The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC and the SEC, qualifies as a non-employee director within the meaning of Rule
16b-3 under the Exchange Act, and qualifies as an outside director within the meaning of Section 162(m) of the Code. In addition to the
enumerated responsibilities of the Compensation Committee in the Compensation Committee Charter, the primary function of the Compensation
Committee is to oversee the compensation of our executives, produce an annual report on executive compensation for inclusion in our proxy
statement, if and when required by applicable laws or regulations, and advise our Board on the adoption of policies that govern our compensation
programs. The Compensation Committee Charter may be found online at https://konagoldhemp.com/media/pubco/Kona-Gold-Compensation-Committee-Charter.pdf.
 During our fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, our Compensation Committee did not formally meet. 

Governance
and Nominating Committee 

On
July 8, 2020, our Board approved and adopted a charter (the Nominating Committee Charter to govern the Governance and
Nominating Committee (the Nominating Committee ). Currently, Messrs. Crystal and Clark (Chairman) serve as members of the
Nominating Committee. The Nominating Committee Charter requires that each member of the Nominating Committee meets the independence requirements
of Nasdaq and the SEC; however, currently only Mr. Crystal qualifies as independent. In addition to the enumerated responsibilities of
the Nominating Committee in the Nominating Committee Charter, the primary function of the Nominating Committee is to determine the slate
of director nominees for election to the board of directors, to identify and recommend candidates to fill vacancies occurring between
annual stockholder meetings, to review our policies and programs that relate to matters of corporate responsibility, including public
issues of significance to us and our stockholders, and any other related matters required by federal securities laws. The charter of
the Nominating Committee may be found online https://konagoldhemp.com/media/pubco/Kona-Gold-Solutions-Nominating-Committee-Charter.pdf .
During our fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, our Governance and Nominating Committee did not formally meet. 

Compensation
Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 

None
of our executive officers serves as a member of the board of directors or compensation committee (or other committee performing equivalent
functions) of any entity that has one or more executive officers serving on our Board or Compensation Committee. 

Code
of Ethics 

On
July 8, 2020, our Board approved and adopted a Code of Ethics and Business Conduct for Directors, Senior Officers, and Employees (the
 Code of Ethics that applies to all of our directors, officers, and employees, including our principal executive officer
and principal financial officer. The Code of Ethics addresses such individuals conduct with respect to, among other things, conflicts
of interests; compliance with applicable laws, rules, and regulations; full, fair, accurate, timely, and understandable disclosure by
us; competition and fair dealing; corporate opportunities; confidentiality; protection and proper use of our assets; and reporting suspected
illegal or unethical behavior. The Code of Ethics is available on our website at https://konagoldhemp.com/media/pubco/Kona-Gold-Solutions-Code-of-Ethics-and-Business-Conduct.pdf. 

ITEM
11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

Summary
Compensation Table 

The
following table provides certain summary information concerning compensation awarded to, earned by, or paid to the following named
executive officers, for our 2022 and 2021 fiscal years: 

(a) 
 all
 individuals serving as our principal executive officer during our 2022 fiscal year; 

(b) 
 each
 of our two other most highly compensated executive officers who were serving as executive officers at the end of our 2022 fiscal
 year. 

45 

We
did not have any individuals for whom disclosure would have been required but for the fact that the individual was not serving as an
executive officer as of the end of our 2022 fiscal year. 

Name and Principal Position 
 Fiscal Year 
 Salary ) 
 Bonus ) 
 Stock Awards ) 
 Options Awards ) 
 All Other Compensation ) 
 Total ) 
 
 Robert Clark, CEO, President, 
 2022 
 350,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 350,000 
 
 Chairman, and Secretary (1) 
 2021 
 350,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 350,000 

Lori Radcliffe, CFO 
 2022 
 160,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 160,000 

2021 
 122,500 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 122,500 

Christopher Selinger, VP Sales 
 2022 
 96,000 
 6,000 
 - 
 - 
 4,316 
 106,316 

2021 
 96,000 
 1,437 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 97,437 

(1) 
 Mr.
 Clark declined payment of 72,083 of his 350,000 base salary for the year ended December 31, 2021; thus, for that fiscal year, we
 paid him 277,917 in base salary and accrued 72,083 of his compensation. 

Outstanding
Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End 

There
are no outstanding equity awards at fiscal year-end. 

Retirement
or Similar Benefit Plans 

There
are no arrangements or plans in which we provide retirement or similar benefits for our directors or executive officers. 

Resignation,
Retirement, Other Termination, or Change in Control Arrangements 

We
have entered into an executive employment agreement with our Chief Executive Office, with our Chief Financial Officer, and with our Vice
President of Sales. Other than these three agreements, each of which are discussed below, we have no contract, agreement, plan, or arrangement,
whether written or unwritten, that provides for payments to our directors or executive officers at, following, or in connection with
the resignation, retirement, or other termination of our directors or executive officers, or a change in control of our Company or a
change in our directors or executive officers responsibilities following a change in control. 

Robert
Clark 

On
August 12, 2015, we entered into an Employment Agreement (the Clark Employment Agreement with Robert Clark as our Chief
Executive Officer, President, and Secretary, and Chairman of our Board. On December 1, 2016, we entered into an Amendment to Employment
Agreement (the Clark Amendment and, together with the Clark Employment Agreement, the Amended Clark Employment
Agreement ). The term of the Amended Clark Employment Agreement expired on July 12, 2020 and automatically renews for subsequent
six-month terms unless terminated with cause by us. Pursuant the Amended Clark Employment Agreement, Mr. Clark is entitled to receive
compensation equal to 350,000 per year for services provided to us. In addition, pursuant to the terms of the Amended Clark Employment
Agreement, we agreed to issue 2,700,000 shares of our Series A Preferred Stock (our Series A Preferred Stock ), 650,000
shares of our Series B Preferred Stock, 500,000 shares of our Series D Preferred Stock, and 200,000,000 shares of our Common Stock. Immediately,
Mr. Clark decided to defer receipt of 80,000,000 shares of our Common Stock; thus, leaving 120,000,000 shares of our Common Stock to
be issued to him. The 120,000,000 shares of our Common Stock were issued to Mr. Clark as follows: (i) on October 28, 2015, we issued
30,000,000 of such shares; (ii) on March 2, 2016, we issued 40,000,000 of such shares; and (iii) on May 16, 2016, we issued 50,000,000
of such shares. Mr. Clark later sold an aggregate of 12,900,000 of those shares and returned to us an aggregate of 90,000,000 of those
shares, which resulted in (i) Mr. Clark remaining the record and beneficial owner of 17,100,000 of those shares of our Common Stock and
(ii) subject to the July 2020 issuance to Mr. Clark of 140 shares of our Series C Preferred Stock (see below), our accruing and owing
Mr. Clark an aggregate of 170,000,000 of those shares to be reissued to him upon his request pursuant to the terms of our oral agreement
with him. In connection with the Amended Clark Employment Agreement, we also issued Mr. Clark 650,000 shares of our Series B Preferred
Stock on December 6, 2017. In April 2019, Mr. Clark returned the 650,000 shares of our Series B Preferred Stock. During the year ended
December 31, 2021, the Company reclassified its accrued stock compensation, previously reflected as a liability, to common shares issuable,
a component of stockholders equity. The reclassification was recorded after the Company concluded its accrued stock compensation
had a fixed and determinable price with no cash payment provision. 

Mr.
Clark declined his base salary compensation for our 2015, 2016, 2017, and 2018 fiscal years and declined all but 30,000 of his compensation
for our 2019 fiscal year, declined payment of 257,500 of his 350,000 base salary for the year ended December 31, 2020, and declined
payment of 72,083 of his 350,000 base salary for the year ended December 31, 2021. As a result, 329,583 of his compensation has been
accrued. 

46 

Lori
Radcliffe 

On
October 7, 2019, we entered into an Employment Agreement (the Radcliffe Employment Agreement with Lori Radcliffe, as our
Chief Financial Officer. The term of the Radcliffe Employment Agreement is two years and automatically renews for subsequent one-year
terms unless terminated with cause by us. Pursuant to the Radcliffe Employment Agreement, Ms. Radcliffe is entitled to receive annual
compensation of 80,000 for the first year and 100,000 for the second year for services provided to us. In addition, on January 27,
2020, we issued to Ms. Radcliffe 5,000,000 restricted shares of our Common Stock pursuant to the terms of the Radcliffe Employment Agreement.
On September 1, 2021, we amended the Radcliffe Employment Agreement with Lori Radcliffe, pursuant to which Ms. Radcliffe is entitled
to receive annual compensation of 160,000 per year for services provided to us. 

Christopher
Selinger 

On
September 1, 2018, we entered into an Employment Agreement (the Selinger Employment Agreement with Christopher Selinger,
as our Vice President of Sales. The term of the Selinger Employment Agreement is two years and automatically renews for subsequent one-year
terms unless terminated with cause by us. Pursuant to the Selinger Employment Agreement, Mr. Selinger is entitled to receive annual compensation
of 65,000 with an increase to annual compensation of 72,000 after six months of employment. We also agreed to pay 1 commission per
case of certain of our beverage drinks during the term of the Selinger Employment Agreement; however, effective January 1, 2019, we amended
the Selinger Employment Agreement (the Selinger Amendment to no longer pay this commission. In addition, on September
7, 2018, we issued to Mr. Selinger 10,000,000 shares of our Common Stock pursuant to the terms of the Selinger Employment Agreement.
On June 1, 2020, we amended the Selinger Employment Agreement with Christopher Selinger, pursuant to which Mr. Selinger is entitled to
receive annual compensation of 96,000 per year for services provided to us. 

Director
Summary Compensation Table 

For
the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, we did not pay or accrue any fees to our two then-serving non-employee directors, nor did we
grant to either of them any stock awards, option awards, non-equity incentive plan compensation, nonqualified deferred compensation,
or any other compensation. Robert Clark, our Chairman, did not receive any compensation for his services as a director. The compensation
received by Mr. Clark as an employee is disclosed in the Summary Compensation Table above. 

Narrative
Discussion on Director Compensation 

We
have no formal plan for compensating our directors for their services in their capacity as directors. Our directors are entitled to reimbursement
for reasonable travel and other out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with attendance at meetings of our Board. Our Board may
award special renumeration to any director understanding any special services on their behalf other than services ordinarily required
of a director. 

William
Jeffrey Outlaw 

On
September 8, 2019, we entered into an offer letter with William Jeffrey Outlaw as one of our Independent Directors. In consideration
for Mr. Outlaw s services, we issued 10,000,000 restricted shares of our Common Stock to him. Mr. Outlaw served as a director until
his resignation, effective December 31, 2022. 

Equity
Incentive Plan 

Currently,
we have not adopted any equity incentive plan. 

Golden
Parachute Compensation 

For
a description of the terms of any agreement or understanding, whether written or unwritten, between any officer or director and us concerning
any type of compensation, whether present, deferred, or contingent, that will be based on or otherwise will relate to an acquisition,
merger, consolidation, sale, or other type of disposition of all or substantially all assets of our Company, see the disclosures including
in this Executive and Director Compensation section. 

Risk
Assessment in Compensation Programs 

During
our 2021 and 2020 fiscal years, we paid limited compensation to our employees, including executive and non-executive officers. Due to
the size and scope of our business, and the amount of compensation, we did not have any employee compensation policies and programs to
determine whether our policies and programs create risks that are reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on us. 

Resignation,
Retirement, Other Termination, or Change in Control Arrangements 

We
have no contract, agreement, plan, or arrangement, whether written or unwritten, that provides for payments to our directors or executive
officers at, following, or in connection with the resignation, retirement, or other termination of our directors or executive officers,
or a change in control of our company or a change in our directors or executive officers responsibilities following a change
in control. 

47 

ITEM
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

Common
Stock 

The
following sets forth certain information, as of March 31, 2023, regarding the beneficial ownership of our Common Stock by (i) each of
our directors, (ii) each of our named executive officers, (iii) our directors and executive officers as a group, and (iv) each person
or entity who, to our knowledge, owns more than five percent of our Common Stock. The information reflects beneficial ownership, as determined
in accordance with the SEC s rules and generally includes voting or investment power with respect to our Common Stock, and is based
on 2,139,440,557 shares of our Common Stock issued and outstanding as of March 31, 2023. Unless otherwise indicated in the footnotes
to the following table, each person named in the table has sole voting and investment power and the address for each person is 746 North
Drive, Suite A, Melbourne, Florida 32934. 

Name of Beneficial Owner 
 Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership (1) 
 Percent Owned 
 
 Robert Clark, CEO 
 687,750,000 (2) 
 24.47 

Lori Radcliffe, CFO 
 5,000,000 

Christopher Selinger, VP of Sales 
 10,000,000 

Matthew Crystal, Independent Director 
 500,000 

All executive officers and directors as a group (4 persons) 
 703,250,000 (3) 
 25.03 

Beneficial owner of more than 5 

YAII PN, Ltd. (4) 
 178,333,333 (5) 
 7.72 

Mast Hill (6) 
 402,659,091 (7) 
 12.53 

Represents
 less than one percent. 

As
of March 31, 2023, there were, to our knowledge, no persons are beneficial owners of greater than five percent of our Common Stock. 

(1) 
 Securities
 convertible into shares of our Common Stock, currently or within 60 days, are deemed to be outstanding shares of our Common Stock
 for purposes of computing the percentage ownership of the person holding such convertible securities, but are not deemed outstanding
 for purposes of computing the percentage ownership of any other person. 

(2) 
 Includes
 17,100,140 shares of our Common Stock held. Also includes: (i) 650,000 shares of our Common Stock issuable upon conversion of 650,000
 shares of our Series B Preferred Stock that are not currently issued to Mr. Clark, (ii) 1,000 shares of our Common Stock issuable
 upon conversion of 1,000 shares of Series C Preferred Stock, (iii) 500,000,000 shares of our Common Stock issuable upon conversion
 of 500,000 shares of Series D Preferred Stock; and (iii) 169,998,860 shares of our Common Stock that are owed to Mr. Clark as common
 shares issuable, a component of stockholders equity, to be reissued to him upon his request pursuant to the terms of the oral
 agreement with him, but which shares are not currently issued and outstanding. 

Pursuant to the Amended Clark Employment Agreement, we agreed to issue
2,700,000 shares of our Series A Preferred Stock, 650,000 shares of our Series B Preferred Stock, 500,000 shares of our Series D Preferred
Stock, and 200,000,000 shares of our Common Stock. Immediately, Mr. Clark decided to defer receipt of 80,000,000 shares of our Common
Stock; thus, leaving 120,000,000 shares of our Common Stock to be issued to him. The 120,000,000 shares of our Common Stock were issued
to Mr. Clark as follows: (i) on October 28, 2015, we issued 30,000,000 of such shares; (ii) on March 2, 2016, we issued 40,000,000 of
such shares; and (iii) on May 16, 2016, we issued 50,000,000 of such shares. Mr. Clark later sold an aggregate of 12,900,000 of those
shares and returned to us an aggregate of 90,000,000 of those shares, which resulted in (i) Mr. Clark remaining the record and beneficial
owner of 17,100,000 of those shares of our Common Stock and (ii) subsequent to (a) our July 2020 issuance to Mr. Clark of 140 shares of
our Series C Preferred Stock (all of which shares were automatically converted into an aggregate
of 140 shares of Common Stock on the one-year anniversary of their issuance date) and (b) our March 2023 issuance to Mr. Clark
of 1,000 shares of our Series C Preferred Stock, our owing to Mr. Clark an aggregate of 169,998,860 of those shares of Common Stock to
be reissued to him upon his request pursuant to the terms of our oral agreement with him. 

In
 connection with the Amended Clark Employment Agreement, we also issued Mr. Clark 650,000 shares of our Series B Preferred Stock on
 December 6, 2017. In April 2019, Mr. Clark returned the 650,000 shares of our Series B Preferred Stock and these shares to be issued
 to Mr. Clark at a later date. 

There
 is no written agreement between Mr. Clark and us regarding the terms of the deferment of these securities. However, we orally agreed
 to issue these deferred securities at such time as Mr. Clark requests such securities to be issued. Thus, the shares of our Common
 Stock owed to Mr. Clark could be issued within 60 days of the date of the annual report. 

(3) 
 Includes
 all of the shares beneficially owned by our executive officers and directors. 

48 

(4) 
 YAII
 PN, Ltd. is a Cayman Island exempt company. YAII PN, Ltd. is managed by Yorkville Advisors Global, LP. Investment decisions for Yorkville
 Advisors Global, LP are made by Mark Angelo, its portfolio manager. The address of such holder is 1012 Springfield Avenue, Mountainside,
 NJ 07092. 

(5) 
 Includes (i) 20,000,000 shares of our Common Stock that are underlying
the warrants that we granted in May 2020, (ii) 50,000,000 shares of our Common Stock that are underlying the warrants that we granted
in February 2021, (iii) 100,000,000 shares of our Common Stock that are underlying the warrants that we granted in August 2021, and (iv)
8,333,333 shares of our Common Stock that are underlying the warrants that we granted in May 2022 Warrant Shares. Notwithstanding the
number of shares of Common Stock and the percentage ownership thereof disclosed in this table, each of the Warrants is subject to an exercise
blocker, such that YAII PN, Ltd. cannot exercise any portion of the warrants into the underlying shares of our Common Stock, if
such action would result in YAII PN, Ltd. and its affiliates holding more than 4.99 of the then-issued and outstanding shares of our
Common Stock following such exercise. 

(6) 
 Mast
 Hill Fund, L.P. is a Delaware limited partnership. Investment decisions for Mast Hill Fund, L.P. are made by Patrick Hassani. The
 address of such holder is 40 Wall Street, New York, New York 10005. 

(7) 
 Includes
 143,000,000 share of our Common Stock, which consists of the July 2022 Debentures. 

Series
B Preferred Stock 

The
following sets forth certain information, as of March 31, 2023, regarding the beneficial ownership of our Series B Preferred Stock by
(i) each of our directors, (ii) each of our named executive officers, (iii) our directors and executive officers as a group, and (iv)
each person or entity who, to our knowledge, owns more than five percent of our Series B Preferred Stock. The information reflects beneficial
ownership, as determined in accordance with the SEC s rules and are based on 488,000 shares of our Series B Preferred Stock issued
and outstanding as of March 31, 2023. Unless otherwise indicated in the footnotes to the following table, each person named in the table
has sole voting and investment power and the address for each person is 746 North Drive, Suite A, Melbourne, Florida 32934. 

Name of Beneficial Owner 
 Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership 
 Percentage Beneficially Owned 
 
 Robert Clark, CEO 
 650,000 (1) 
 57.1 

Lori Radcliffe, CFO 
 - 
 - 

Christopher Selinger, VP of Sales 
 - 
 - 

Matthew Crystal, Independent Director 
 - 
 - 

All executive officers and directors as a group (4 persons) 
 650,000 
 57.1 

Beneficial owner of more than 5 

Steven Bauer (2) 
 66,000 
 13.5 

Blake Bolin (3) 
 25,000 
 5.1 

Roger A. Eagan Jr. (4) 
 80,000 
 16.4 

Terry L. Landers (5) 
 150,000 
 30.7 

Judith A. Wilt (6) 
 150,000 
 30.7 

(1) 
 These
 shares of Series B Preferred Stock were previously issued to Mr. Clark. However, Mr. Clark returned them to us with the understanding
 that the shares would be re-issued to him in the future; thus, the shares of Series B Preferred Stock may be issued to Mr. Clark
 within 60 days of the date of this annual report. See footnote (2) to the table above for our Common Stock for additional information. 
 
 (2) 
 Mr.
 Bauer s address is 7837 Penswood Street, Charlotte, North Carolina 28277. 
 
 (3) 
 Mr.
 Bolin s address is 1971 NE 7th Street, Ocala, Florida 34470. 
 
 (4) 
 Mr.
 Eagan s address is 7837 Penswood Street, Charlotte, North Carolina 28277. 
 
 (5) 
 Mr.
 Landers address is 390 North Wickham Road, Suite F, Melbourne, Florida 32935. 
 
 (6) 
 Ms.
 Wilt s address is 390 North Wickham Road, Suite F, Melbourne, Florida 32935. 

49 

Series
C Preferred Stock 

The
following sets forth certain information, as of March 31, 2023, regarding the beneficial ownership of our Series C Preferred Stock by
(i) each of our directors, (ii) each of our named executive officers, (iii) our directors and executive officers as a group, and (iv)
each person or entity who, to our knowledge, owns more than five percent of our Series C Preferred Stock. The information reflects beneficial
ownership, as determined in accordance with the SEC s rules of our Series C Preferred Stock issued and outstanding as of March
31, 2023. Unless otherwise indicated in the footnotes to the following table, each person named in the table has sole voting and investment
power and the address for each person is 746 North Drive, Suite A, Melbourne, Florida 32934. 

Name of Beneficial Owner 
 Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership 
 Percentage Beneficially Owned 
 
 Robert Clark, CEO 
 1,000 
 100 

Lori Radcliffe, CFO 
 - 
 - 

Christopher Selinger, VP of Sales 
 - 
 - 

Matthew Crystal, Independent Director 
 - 
 - 

All executive officers and directors as a group (4 persons) 
 1,000 
 100 

Series
D Preferred Stock 

The
following sets forth certain information, as of March 31, 2023, regarding the beneficial ownership of our Series D Preferred Stock by
(i) each of our directors, (ii) each of our named executive officers, (iii) our directors and executive officers as a group, and (iv)
each person or entity who, to our knowledge, owns more than five percent of our Series D Preferred Stock. The information reflects beneficial
ownership, as determined in accordance with the SEC s rules and are based on 500,000 shares of our Series D Preferred Stock issued
and outstanding as of March 31, 2023. Unless otherwise indicated in the footnotes to the following table, each person named in the table
has sole voting and investment power and the address for each person is 746 North Drive, Suite A, Melbourne, Florida 32934. 

Name of Beneficial Owner 
 Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership 
 Percentage Beneficially Owned 
 
 Robert Clark, CEO 
 500,000 
 100 

Lori Radcliffe, CFO 
 - 
 - 

Christopher Selinger, VP of Sales 
 - 
 - 

Matthew Crystal, Independent Director 
 - 
 - 

All executive officers and directors as a group (4 persons) 
 500,000 
 100 

Change
of Control 

We
do now know of any arrangements that may, at a subsequent date, result in a change in control. 

50 

ITEM
13: CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

Related
Party Transactions 

We
follow ASC 850, Related Party Disclosures, for the identification of related parties and disclosure of related party transactions.
When and if we contemplate entering into a transaction in which any executive officer, director, nominee, or any family member of the
foregoing would have a direct or indirect interest, regardless of the amount involved, the terms of such transaction are to be presented
to our full Board (other than any interested director) for approval, and documented in the Board minutes. 

Other
than as disclosed below, we have had no related party transactions during the past two fiscal years. 

Equity
Issuances 

During
the 2022 fiscal year, the Company issued an aggregate of 1,000,000 shares of Common Stock to Peter Troy pursuant to that certain Employment
Agreement by and between Mr. Troy and the Company. The per-share fair market value of the shares was 0.0085 based upon the closing price
of the Common Stock as reported by the OTCM on the date of issuance, for a total value of 8,500. 

During
the 2022 fiscal year, the Company issued an aggregate of 500,000 shares of Common Stock to John Sargent pursuant to that certain Employment
Agreement by and between Mr. Sargent and the Company. The per-share fair market value of the shares was 0.0460 based upon the closing
price of the Common Stock as reported by the OTCM on the date of issuance, for a total value of 22,995. 

During
the 2021 fiscal year, the Company issued an aggregate of 8,000,000 shares of Common Stock to William J Stineman pursuant to that certain
Employment Agreement by and between Mr. Stineman and the Company. The per-share fair market value of the shares was 0.0265 based upon
the closing price of the Common Stock as reported by the OTCM on the date of issuance, for a total value of 212,000. 

During
the 2021 fiscal year, the Company issued 100,000 shares of Common Stock to John Torrence pursuant to performance award granted by the
Company and Mr. Torrence. At the date of issuance, the per-share fair market value of the shares was 0.018 based upon the closing price
of the Common Stock as reported by the OTCM on the date of issuance, for a total value of 1,800. 

On
July 10, 2020, the Company issued an aggregate of 4,000,000 shares of Common Stock upon the conversion of an aggregate of 4,000,000 shares
of our Series A Preferred Stock by Robert Clark and Joseph Thornburg. The shares of our Common Stock were converted pursuant to the in
terms of the Certificate of Designation of the Series A Preferred Stock. 

On
January 27, 2020, the Company issued 5,000,000 shares of Common Stock to Lori Radcliffe pursuant to that certain Employment Agreement
dated October 7, 2019, by and between Ms. Radcliffe and the Company. At the date of issuance, the per-share fair market value of the
shares was 0.0637 based on the closing price of the Common Stock as reported by the OTCM on the date of issuance, for a total value
of 318,500. 

On
April 3, 2020, the Company issued 5,000,000 shares of the Common Stock to Paul O Renick pursuant to an Employment Agreement dated
October 1, 2019 in exchange for compensation owed in the amount of 157,500 for services provided. At the date of issuance, the per-share
fair market value was 0.0315 based on the closing price of the Common Stock as reported by the OTCM on the date of issuance. 

51 

Notes
Payable Related Parties 

We
had the following outstanding notes payable during the period specified above: 

Note (1) 
 Issuance Date 
 Original Borrowing Amount 
 Interest Rate 
 Maturity Date 
 Largest Outstanding Balance since January 1, 2018 
 Outstanding Balance as of December 31, 2022 
 
 Long-term Loan Kona Gold 
 October 31, 2018 
 20,000 
 0 
 April 4, 2022 
 20,000 
 - 
 
 Line of Credit Kona Gold 
 April 4, 2019 
 1,500,000 
 3.75 
 April 4, 2023 
 1,369,651 
 1,352,651 
 
 Line of Credit Gold Leaf 
 August 29, 2019 
 200,000 
 3.75 
 August 29, 2023 
 125,500 
 125,500 
 
 Long-term Loan Gold Leaf 
 February 19, 2019 
 70,000 
 0 
 March 15, 2023 
 70,000 
 47,500 
 
 Line of Credit Kona Gold 
 May 6, 2022 
 260,000 
 3.75 
 May 6, 2023 
 260,000 
 260,000 

(1) 
 Each
 of the notes payable was issued by us in favor of Robert Clark, our President, Chief Executive Officer, Secretary, and Chairman of
 our Board. 

Director
Independence 

Our
Board is currently composed of two members Messrs. Clark and Crystal. Our Common Stock is not currently listed for trading on
a national securities exchange and, as such, we are not subject to any director independence standards. However, we determined that one
of our directors, Mr. Crystal qualifies as an independent director. We determined that Mr. Clark, our Chairman and an executive officer,
is not independent. We evaluated independence in accordance with the rules of The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC and the SEC and considered
all relevant facts and circumstances in making this determination (including any relationships set forth in this annual report under
the heading Related Person Transactions ). Messrs. Clark and Crystal, serve on our Audit Committee, our Compensation Committee,
and Governance and Nominating Committee. 

ITEM
14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 

Each
year, the Board approves the annual audit engagement in advance. The Board also has established procedures to pre-approve all non-audit
services provided by the Company s independent registered public accounting firm. All fiscal 2022 and 2021 non-audit services listed
below were pre-approved. 

Audit
and Audit-Related Fees : This category includes the audit of our annual financial statements and review of financial statements included
in our annual and periodic reports that are filed with the SEC. This category also includes services performed for the preparation of
responses to SEC correspondence, travel expenses for our auditors, on audit and accounting matters that arose during, or as a result
of, the audit or the review of interim financial statements, and the preparation of an annual management letter on internal
control and other matters. 

Tax
Fees : This category consists of professional services rendered by our independent auditors for tax compliance. 

All
Other Fees : This category consists of fees for services other than the services described above. 

The
following fees were billed to us by (i) our independent registered public accounting firm, Weinberg Company LLP, which served as
our auditor commencing with our December 31, 2021 fiscal year; (ii) our independent registered public accounting firm, BP Borgers CPA
PC, which served as our auditor for our December 31, 2017 through December 31, 2020 fiscal years and through first three fiscal quarters
of our 2021 fiscal year; (iii) Berman Hopkins Wright Laham LLP for tax fees for our December 31, 2021 fiscal year; and (iv) Carr
Riggs Ingram CPAs and Advisors for tax fees for our December 31, 2022 fiscal year. 

Description 
 December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 Audit fees 
 184,487 
 94,900 
 
 Audit-related fees 
 - 
 - 
 
 Tax fees 
 10,300 
 10,400 
 
 All other fees 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total 
 194,787 
 105,300 

52 

PART
IV 

ITEM
15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

3.1 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No.: 333-239883), filed with the SEC on July 16, 2020. 

3.2 
 Amended and Restated By-Laws is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.2 of the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No.: 333-239883), filed with the SEC on July 16, 2020. 

3.3 
 Certificate of Designation of the Preferences, Rights, and Limitations of the Series B Preferred Stock is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.3 of the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No.: 333-239883), filed with the SEC on July 16, 2020. 

3.4 
 Certificate of Designation of the Preferences, Rights, and Limitations of the Series C Preferred Stock is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.4 of the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No.: 333-239883), filed with the SEC on July 16, 2020. 

3.5 
 Certificate of Designation of the Preferences, Rights, and Limitations of the Series D Preferred Stock is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.5 of the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No.: 333-239883), filed with the SEC on July 16, 2020. 

3.6 
 Certificate of Amendment to Amendment and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.6 of Amendment No. 1 to the Company Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No.: 333-239883), filed with the SEC on October 26, 2020. 

3.7 
 Certificate of Amendment to the amended and restated Certificate of Incorporation is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.7 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on February 17, 2023. 

3.8 
 Certificate of Amendment to the amended and restated Certificate of Incorporation is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.8 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on February 17, 2023. 

4.1 
 Form of Debenture is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No.: 333-239883), filed with the SEC on July 16, 2020. 

4.2 
 Warrant is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No.: 333-239883), filed with the SEC on July 16, 2020. 

4.3 
 Form of Stand-alone Debenture is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.3 of the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No.333-239883), filed with the SEC on December 14, 2020. 

4.4 
 Form of Secured Convertible Debenture of the registrant sold and issued to YAII PN, Ltd., on February 11, 2021 is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.4 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on February 18, 2021. 

4.4a 
 Form of Secured Convertible Debenture of the registrant sold and issued to YAII PN, Ltd., on February 11, 2021 is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.4a of the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the SEC on November 15, 2021. 

4.5 
 Form of Warrant of the registrant granted to YAII PN, Ltd., on February 11, 2021 is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.3 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on February 18, 2021. 

53 

4.6 
 Form of Secured Convertible Debenture of the registrant sold and issued to YAII PN, Ltd., effective August 23, 2021 is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.6 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on August 23, 2021. 

4.7 
 Form of Warrant of the registrant granted to YAII PN, Ltd., effective August 23, 2021 is incorporated here8in by reference to Exhibit 4.7 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on August 23, 2021. 

4.8 
 Form of Secured Convertible Debenture of the registrant sold and issued to YAII PN, Ltd., effective May 4, 2022 is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.8 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on May 5, 2022. 

4.9 
 Form of Warrant of the registrant granted to YAII PN, Ltd., effective May 4, 2022 is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.9 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on May 5, 2022. 

4.10 
 Form of Secured Convertible Senior Note of the registrant sold and issued to Mast Hill Fund, L.P., dated July 28, 2022 is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.10 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on August 3, 2022. 

4.11 
 Form of Warrant of the registrant granted to Mast Hill Fund, L.P., dated July 28, 2022 is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.11 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on August 3, 2022. 

4.12 
 Form of Secured Convertible Senior Note of the registrant sold and issued to Mast Hill Fund, L.P., for a transaction that closed and funded on March 15, 2023 is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.12 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on March 21, 2023. 

4.13 
 Form of Warrant of the registrant granted to Mast Hill Fund, L.P., for a transaction that closed and funded on March 15, 2023 is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.13 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on March 21, 2023. 

4.14 
 Form of Warrant of the registrant granted to Mast Hill Fund L.P., dated March 30, 2023 

10.1 
 Securities Purchase Agreement by and between the Company and YAII PN, Ltd., dated May 14, 2020 is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No.: 333-239883), filed with the SEC on July 16, 2020. 

10.2 
 Registration Rights Agreement by and between the Company and YAII PN, Ltd., dated May 14, 2020 is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No.: 333-239883), filed with the SEC on July 16, 2020. 

10.3 
 Independent Contractor Agreement by and between Kona Gold LLC and OPTN Companies Inc., dated April 15, 2020 is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No.: 333-239883), filed with the SEC on July 16, 2020. 

10.4 
 Board of Directors Offer Letter between the Company and Matthew Crystal, dated July 24, 2018 is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No.: 333-239883), filed with the SEC on July 16, 2020. 

10.5 
 Board of Directors Offer Letter between the Company and William Jeffrey Outlaw, dated September 3, 2019 is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.5 of the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No.: 333-239883), filed with the SEC on July 16, 2020. 

10.6 
 Form of Distribution Agreement is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.6 of the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No.: 333-239883), filed with the SEC on July 16, 2020. 

54 

10.7 
 Membership Interest Purchase Agreement by and among Elev8 Hemp LLC, PLAD, Inc., and the Company, dated October 10, 2016, is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.7 of the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No.: 333-239883), filed with the SEC on July 16, 2020. 

10.8 
 Securities Exchange and Settlement Agreement by and between Elev8 Brands, Inc., and the Company, dated March 6, 2018, is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.8 of the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No.: 333-239883), filed with the SEC on July 16, 2020. 

10.9 
 Securities Exchange and Settlement Agreement by and between Elev8 Brands, Inc., and the Company, dated November 26, 2019 is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.9 of the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No.: 333-239883), filed with the SEC on July 16, 2020. 

10.10 
 Employment Agreement by and between Christopher Selinger and the Company, dated September 1, 2018 is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.10 of the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No.: 333-239883), filed with the SEC on July 16, 2020. 

10.11 
 Lease Agreement by and between Kona Gold, LLC and Hay Investment Properties, Inc., dated June 1, 2018 is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.11 of the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No.: 333-239883), filed with the SEC on July 16, 2020. 

10.12 
 Triple Net Lease Agreement by and between Gold Leaf Distribution, LLC and 3090 S. Hwy 14, LLC, dated May 22, 2019 is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.12 of the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No.: 333-239883), filed with the SEC on July 16, 2020. 

10.13 
 Lease Modification Agreement by and between Gold Leaf Distribution, LLC and 3090 S. Hwy 14, LLC, dated April 21, 2020 is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.13 of the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No.: 333-239883), filed with the SEC on July 16, 2020. 

10.14 
 Line of Credit Agreement by and between Robert Clark and Gold Leaf Distribution, LLC, dated August 29, 2019 is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.14 of the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No.: 333-239883), filed with the SEC on July 16, 2020. 

10.15 
 Line of Credit Agreement by and between Robert Clark and Kona Gold, LLC, dated April 4, 2019 is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.15 of the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No.: 333-239883), filed with the SEC on July 16, 2020. 

10.16 
 Line of Credit Agreement by and between Matthew Nicoletti and Kona Gold, LLC, dated May 5, 2018 is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.16 of the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No.: 333-239883), filed with the SEC on July 16, 2020. 

10.17 
 Standard Promissory Note issued by Gold Leaf Distribution in favor of Robert Clark, dated February 19, 2019 is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.17 of the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No.: 333-239883), filed with the SEC on July 16, 2020. 

10.18 
 Standard Promissory Note issued by Kona Gold, LLC in favor of Robert Clark, dated January 15, 2019 is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.18 of Amendment No. 1 to the Company Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No.: 333-239883), filed with the SEC on October 26, 2020. 

10.19 
 Employment Agreement by and between the Company and Robert Clark, dated August 12, 2015 is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.19 of the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No.: 333-239883), filed with the SEC on July 16, 2020. 

10.20 
 Employment Agreement by and between the Company and Lori Radcliffe, dated October 8, 2019 is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.20 of the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No.: 333-239883), filed with the SEC on July 16, 2020. 

55 

10.20a 
 Employment Agreement Amendment by and between the Company and Lori Radcliffe, dated September 14, 2021 is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.20a of the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1, filed with the SEC on September 22, 2021. 

10.21 
 Amendment to Employment Agreement by and between the Company and Robert Clark, dated December 1, 2016 is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.21 of the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No.: 333-239883), filed with the SEC on July 16, 2020. 

10.22 
 Agreement by and between the Company and Ryan Dodd, dated May 1, 2019 is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.22 of the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No.: 333-239883), filed with the SEC on July 16, 2020. 

10.23 
 Amendment to Employment Agreement by and between Christopher Selinger and Kona Gold Solutions, Inc., dated May 1, 2020 is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.23of the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No.: 333-239883), filed with the SEC on July 16, 2020. 

10.24 
 Amendment to Employment Agreement by and between Christopher Selinger and the Company, dated January 1, 2019 is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.24 of the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No.: 333-239883), filed with the SEC on July 16, 2020. 

10.25 
 Security Agreement by and between the Company and YAII PN, Ltd., dated May 14, 2020 is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.25 of the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No.: 333-239883), filed with the SEC on July 16, 2020. 

10.26 
 Line of Credit and Security Agreement Modification Agreement by and between Kona Gold LLC and Robert Clark, dated April 1, 2020 is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.26 of the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No.: 333-239883), filed with the SEC on July 16, 2020. 

10.27 
 Line of Credit and Security Agreement Modification Agreement by and between Gold Leaf Distribution LLC and Robert Clark, dated April 1, 2020 is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.27 of the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No.: 333-239883), filed with the SEC on July 16, 2020. 

10.28 
 Terms of Oral Agreement between the Company and Robert Clark is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.28 of Amendment No. 1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No.: 333-239883), filed with the SEC on October 26, 2020. 

10.29 
 Waiver Agreement by and between the Company and YAII PN, Ltd., dated October 14, 2020, is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.29 of Amendment No. 1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No.: 333-239883), filed with the SEC on October 26, 2020. 

10.30 
 Paycheck Protection Promissory Note issued in favor of Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. dated May 4, 2020, is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.30 of Amendment No. 1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No.: 333-239883), filed with the SEC on October 26, 2020. 

10.31 
 Paycheck Protection Promissory Note issued in favor of Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. dated May 4, 2020, is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.31 of Amendment No. 1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No.: 333-239883), filed with the SEC on October 26, 2020. 

10.32 
 Securities Purchase Agreement by and between the Company and YAII PN, Ltd., dated November 30, 2020, is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.32 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No.: 333-239883), filed with the SEC on December 14, 2020. 

10.33 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement between the registrant and YAII PN, Ltd., for a transaction that closed on February 11, 2021 is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.28 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on February 18, 2021. 

56 

10.34 
 Form of Registration Rights Agreement by and between the registrant and YAII PN, Ltd., for a transaction that closed on February 11, 2021 is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.29 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on February 18, 2021. 

10.35 
 Form of Amended and Restated Security Agreement of the registrant and its subsidiaries in favor of YAII PN, Ltd., for a transaction that closed on February 11, 2021 is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.30 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on February 18, 2021. 

10.36 
 Form of Intellectual Property Security Agreement of the registrant and its subsidiaries in favor of YAII PN, Ltd., for a transaction that closed on February 11, 2021 is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.31 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on February 18, 2021. 

10.37 
 Form of Amended and Restated Global Guaranty Agreement of the registrant and its subsidiaries in favor of YAII PN, Ltd., for a transaction that closed on February 11, 2021 is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.32 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on February 18, 2021. 

10.38 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement between the registrant and YAII PN, Ltd., for a transaction that closed and funded on August 23, 2021 is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.38 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on August 23, 2021. 

10.39 
 Form of Registration Rights Agreement by and between the registrant and YAII PN, Ltd., for a transaction that closed and funded on August 23, 2021 is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.39 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on August 23, 2021. 

10.40 
 Form of Second Amended and Restated Security Agreement of the registrant and its subsidiaries in favor of YAII PN, Ltd., for a transaction that closed and funded on August 23, 2021 is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.40 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on August 23, 2021. 

10.41 
 Form of Intellectual Property Security Agreement of the registrant and its subsidiaries in favor of YAII PN, Ltd., for a transaction that closed and funded on August 23, 2021 is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.41 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on August 23, 2021. 

10.42 
 Form of Second Amended and Restated Global Guaranty Agreement of the registrant and its subsidiaries in favor of YAII PN, Ltd., for a transaction that closed and funded on August 23, 2021 is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.42 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on August 23, 2021. 

10.43 
 Agreement of Lease by and between Gold Leaf Distribution, LLC and RFMD-SC, LLC, dated August 30, 2021 is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.43 of the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1, filed with the SEC on September 22, 2021. 

10.44 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement between the registrant and YAII PN, Ltd., for a transaction that closed and funded on May 4, 2022 is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.44 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on May 5, 2022. 

10.45 
 Form of Security Agreement of the registrant and its subsidiaries in favor of YAII PN, Ltd., for a transaction that closed and funded on May 4, 2022 is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.45 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on May 5, 2022. 

10.46 
 Form of Intellectual Property Security Agreement of the registrant and its subsidiaries in favor of YAII PN, Ltd., for a transaction that closed and funded on May 4, 2022 is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.46 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on May 5, 2022. 

57 

10.47 
 Form of Global Guaranty Agreement of the registrant and its subsidiaries in favor of YAII PN, Ltd., for a transaction that closed and funded on May 4, 2022 is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.47 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on May 5, 2022. 

10.48 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement between the registrant and Mast Hill Fund, L.P., for a transaction that closed and funded on July 29, 2022 is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.48 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on August 3, 2022. 

10.49 
 Form of Security Agreement of the registrant and its subsidiaries in favor of Mast Hill Fund, L.P., for a transaction that closed and funded on July 29, 2022 is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.49 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on August 3, 2022. 

10.50 
 Revenue Purchase Agreement between the registrant and NewCo Capital Group VI, LLC, effective as of September 30, 2022 is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.50 of the Company s Amended Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No.: 333-267199), filed with the SEC on October 14, 2022. 

10.51 
 Revenue Purchase Agreement between the registrant and Cobalt Funding Solutions effective as of November 2, 2022 is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.51 of the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2022, filed with the SEC on November 14, 2022. 

10.52 
 Equity Purchase Agreement between the registrant and Mast Hill Funds L.P., dated as of March 30, 2023 

10.53 
 Registration Rights Agreement between the registrant and Mast Hill Funds L.P., dated as of March 30, 2023 

21.1 
 List of subsidiaries of the registrant is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 21.1 of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on April 15, 2021. 

31.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.INS 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

Filed
 herewith 

ITEM
16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

Not
applicable. 

58 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

KONA
 GOLD BEVERAGE, INC. 

March
 31, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Robert Clark 

Robert
 Clark 
 Chief
 Executive Officer 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Report has been signed by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant
and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

/s/
 Robert Clark 
 
 Dated:
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Robert
 Clark 
 President,
 Chief Executive Officer, Secretary and Chairman and Director 

/s/
 Lori Radcliffe 
 
 Dated:
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Lori
 Radcliffe 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 

/s/
 Matthew Crystal 
 
 Dated:
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Matthew
 Crystal 
 Director 

59 

<EX-4.14>
 2
 ex4-14.htm

Exhibit
4.14 

NEITHER
THIS SECURITY NOR THE SECURITIES AS TO WHICH THIS SECURITY MAY BE EXERCISED HAVE BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED
(THE SECURITIES ACT ), AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS
OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS AS EVIDENCED BY A LEGAL OPINION OF COUNSEL TO THE TRANSFEROR
TO SUCH EFFECT, THE SUBSTANCE OF WHICH SHALL BE REASONABLY ACCEPTABLE TO THE COMPANY. THIS SECURITY AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON
EXERCISE OF THIS SECURITY MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN SECURED BY SUCH SECURITIES. 

COMMON
STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT 

KONA
GOLD BEVERAGE, INC. 

Warrant
Shares: 56,000,000 

 Date
of Issuance: March 30, 2023 Issuance Date 

This
COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT (the Warrant certifies that, for value received (in connection with the execution
of the Purchase Agreement (as defined below)), Mast Hill Fund, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership (including any permitted and registered
assigns, the Holder ), is entitled, upon the terms and subject to the limitations on exercise and the conditions
hereinafter set forth, at any time on or after the date of issuance hereof, to purchase from Kona Gold Beverage, Inc., a Delaware corporation
(the Company ), 56,000,000 shares of Common Stock (the Warrant Shares (whereby such number
may be adjusted from time to time pursuant to the terms and conditions of this Warrant) at the Exercise Price per share then in effect.
This Warrant is issued by the Company as of the date hereof in connection with that certain equity purchase agreement dated March 30,
2023, by and among the Company and the Holder (the Purchase Agreement ). 

Capitalized
terms used in this Warrant shall have the meanings set forth in the Purchase Agreement unless otherwise defined in the body of this Warrant
or in Section 12 below. For purposes of this Warrant, the term Exercise Price shall mean 0.0045, subject to adjustment
as provided herein (including but not limited to cashless exercise), and the term Exercise Period shall mean the
period commencing on the Issuance Date (as defined in this Warrant) and ending on 5:00 p.m. eastern daylight saving time on the date
that is five (5) years after the Issuance Date. 

1 

1. EXERCISE OF WARRANT . 

(a) Mechanics
of Exercise . Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, the rights represented by this Warrant may be exercised in whole or in part
at any time or times during the Exercise Period by delivery of a written notice, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A (the
 Exercise Notice ), of the Holder s election to exercise this Warrant. The Holder shall not be required to deliver
the original Warrant in order to effect an exercise hereunder. Partial exercises of this Warrant resulting in purchases of a portion
of the total number of Warrant Shares available hereunder shall have the effect of lowering the outstanding number of Warrant Shares
purchasable hereunder in an amount equal to the applicable number of Warrant Shares purchased. On or before the second Trading Day (the
 Warrant Share Delivery Date following the date on which the Holder sent the Exercise Notice to the Company or the
Company s transfer agent, and upon receipt by the Company of payment to the Company of an amount equal to the applicable Exercise
Price multiplied by the number of Warrant Shares as to which all or a portion of this Warrant is being exercised (the Aggregate
Exercise Price and, together with the Exercise Notice, the Exercise Delivery Documents in cash or by
wire transfer of immediately available funds (or by cashless exercise, in which case there shall be no Aggregate Exercise Price provided),
the Company shall (or direct its transfer agent to) issue and deliver by overnight courier to the address as specified in the Exercise
Notice, a certificate, registered in the Company s share register in the name of the Holder or its designee, for the number of
shares of Common Stock to which the Holder is entitled pursuant to such exercise (or deliver such shares of Common Stock in electronic
format if requested by the Holder). Upon delivery of the Exercise Delivery Documents, the Holder shall be deemed for all corporate purposes
to have become the holder of record of the Warrant Shares with respect to which this Warrant has been exercised, irrespective of the
date of delivery of the certificates evidencing such Warrant Shares. If this Warrant is submitted in connection with any exercise and
the number of Warrant Shares represented by this Warrant submitted for exercise is greater than the number of Warrant Shares being acquired
upon an exercise, then the Company shall as soon as practicable and in no event later than three business days after any exercise and
at its own expense, issue a new Warrant (in accordance with Section 6) representing the right to purchase the number of Warrant Shares
purchasable immediately prior to such exercise under this Warrant, less the number of Warrant Shares with respect to which this Warrant
is exercised. 

If
the Company fails to cause its transfer agent to issue to the Holder the respective shares of Common Stock by the respective Warrant
Share Delivery Date, then the Holder will have the right to rescind such exercise in Holder s sole discretion in addition to all
other rights and remedies at law, under this Warrant, or otherwise, and such failure shall also be deemed a material breach under this
Warrant, and a material breach under the Purchase Agreement. 

If
the Market Price of one share of Common Stock is greater than the Exercise Price, then the Holder may elect to receive Warrant Shares
pursuant to a cashless exercise, in lieu of a cash exercise, equal to the value of this Warrant determined in the manner described below
(or of any portion thereof remaining unexercised) by surrender of this Warrant and an Exercise Notice, in which event the Company shall
issue to Holder a number of Common Stock computed using the following formula: 

X
= Y (A-B) 

A 

Where X = 
 the number of Shares to be issued to Holder. 

Y = 
 the number of Warrant Shares that the Holder elects to purchase
under this Warrant (at the date of such calculation). 

A = 
 the Market Price (at the date of such calculation). 

B = 
 Exercise Price (as adjusted to the date of such calculation). 

(b) No
Fractional Shares . No fractional shares shall be issued upon the exercise of this Warrant as a consequence of any adjustment pursuant
hereto. All Warrant Shares (including fractions) issuable upon exercise of this Warrant may be aggregated for purposes of determining
whether the exercise would result in the issuance of any fractional share. If, after aggregation, the exercise would result in the issuance
of a fractional share, the Company shall, in lieu of issuance of any fractional share, pay the Holder otherwise entitled to such fraction
a sum in cash equal to the product resulting from multiplying the then-current fair market value of a Warrant Share by such fraction. 

2 

(c) Holder s
Exercise Limitations . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the Company shall not effect any exercise of this
Warrant, and a Holder shall not have the right to exercise any portion of this Warrant, pursuant to Section 1 or otherwise, to the extent
that, after giving effect to such issuance after exercise as set forth on the applicable Exercise Notice, the Holder (together with the
Holder s affiliates (the Affiliates ), and any other Persons acting as a group together with the Holder or
any of the Holder s Affiliates (such Persons, Attribution Parties )), would beneficially own in excess of the
Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially
owned by the Holder and Attribution Parties shall include the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant
with respect to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude the number of shares of Common Stock which would be issuable
upon (i) exercise of the remaining, nonexercised portion of this Warrant beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or
Attribution Parties and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or nonconverted portion of any other securities of the Company
(including, without limitation, any other Common Stock Equivalents) subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the
limitation contained herein beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties. Except as set forth in
the preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section 1(c), beneficial ownership shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d)
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated
thereunder, it being acknowledged by the Holder that the Holder is solely responsible for any schedules required to be filed in accordance
therewith. In addition, a determination as to any group status as contemplated above shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d)
of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. For purposes of this Section 1(c), in determining the number
of outstanding shares of Common Stock, a Holder may rely on the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock as reflected in (A) the
Company s most recent periodic or annual report filed with the Commission, as the case may be, (B) a more recent public announcement
by the Company or (C) a more recent written notice by the Company or the Company s transfer agent setting forth the number of shares
of Common Stock outstanding. Upon the written or oral request of a Holder, the Company shall within two Trading Days confirm orally and
in writing to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding shares of Common
Stock shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of securities of the Company, including this Warrant, by
the Holder or its Affiliates or Attribution Parties since the date as of which such number of outstanding shares of Common Stock was
reported. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall be 4.99 of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding
at the time of the respective calculation hereunder. The limitations contained in this paragraph shall apply to a successor holder of
this Warrant. 

(d) Compensation
for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Warrant Shares Upon Exercise . In addition to any other rights available to the Holder, if
the Company fails to cause the Company s transfer agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares in accordance with the provisions
of this Warrant (including but not limited to Section 1(a) above pursuant to an exercise on or before the respective Warrant Share Delivery
Date, and if after such date the Holder is required by its broker to purchase (in an open market transaction or otherwise) or the Holder s
brokerage firm otherwise purchases, shares of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of the Warrant Shares which
the Holder anticipated receiving upon such exercise (a Buy-In ), then the Company shall (A) pay in cash to the Holder,
within one (1) business day of Holder s request, the amount, if any, by which (x) the Holder s total purchase price (including
brokerage commissions, if any) for the shares of Common Stock so purchased exceeds (y) the product of (1) the number of Warrant Shares
that the Company was required to deliver to the Holder in connection with the exercise at issue times (2) the price at which the sell
order giving rise to such purchase obligation was executed, and (B) at the option of the Holder, either reinstate the portion of the
Warrant and equivalent number of Warrant Shares for which such exercise was not honored (in which case such exercise shall be deemed
rescinded) or deliver to the Holder within one (1) business day of Holder s request the number of shares of Common Stock that would
have been issued had the Company timely complied with its exercise and delivery obligations hereunder. For example, if the Holder purchases,
or effectuates a cashless exercise hereunder for, Common Stock having a total purchase price of 11,000 to cover a Buy-In with respect
to an attempted exercise of shares of Common Stock with an aggregate sale price giving rise to such purchase obligation of 10,000, under
clause (A) of the immediately preceding sentence, the Company shall be required to pay the Holder 1,000. The Holder shall provide the
Company written notice indicating the amounts payable to the Holder in respect of the Buy-In and, upon request of the Company, evidence
of the amount of such loss. Nothing herein shall limit a Holder s right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder,
at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Company s
failure to timely deliver shares of Common Stock upon exercise of the Warrant as required pursuant to the terms hereof. 

3 

2. ADJUSTMENTS .
The Exercise Price and the number of Warrant Shares shall be adjusted from time to time as follows: 

(a) Distribution
of Assets . If the Company shall declare or make any dividend or other distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets)
to holders of shares of Common Stock, by way of return of capital or otherwise (including without limitation any distribution of cash,
stock or other securities, property or options by way of a dividend, spin off, reclassification, corporate rearrangement or other similar
transaction) (a Distribution ), at any time after the issuance of this Warrant, then, in each such case: 

(i) any
Exercise Price in effect immediately prior to the close of business on the record date fixed for the determination of holders of shares
of Common Stock entitled to receive the Distribution shall be reduced, effective as of the close of business on such record date, to
a price determined by multiplying such Exercise Price by a fraction (i) the numerator of which shall be the Closing Sale Price of the
shares of Common Stock on the Trading Day immediately preceding such record date minus the value of the Distribution (as determined in
good faith by the Company s Board of Directors) applicable to one share of Common Stock, and (ii) the denominator of which shall
be the Closing Sale Price of the shares of Common Stock on the Trading Day immediately preceding such record date; and 

(ii) the
number of Warrant Shares shall be increased to a number of shares equal to the number of shares of Common Stock obtainable immediately
prior to the close of business on the record date fixed for the determination of holders of shares of Common Stock entitled to receive
the Distribution multiplied by the reciprocal of the fraction set forth in the immediately preceding clause (i); provided , however ,
that, in the event that the Distribution is of shares of common stock of a company (other than the Company) whose common stock is traded
on a national securities exchange or a national automated quotation system Other Shares of Common Stock ), then
the Holder may elect to receive a warrant to purchase Other Shares of Common Stock in lieu of an increase in the number of Warrant Shares,
the terms of which shall be identical to those of this Warrant, except that such warrant shall be exercisable into the number of shares
of Other Shares of Common Stock that would have been payable to the Holder pursuant to the Distribution had the Holder exercised this
Warrant immediately prior to such record date and with an aggregate exercise price equal to the product of the amount by which the exercise
price of this Warrant was decreased with respect to the Distribution pursuant to the terms of the immediately preceding clause (i) and
the number of Warrant Shares calculated in accordance with the first part of this clause (ii). 

(b) Anti-Dilution
Adjustments to Exercise Price . If the Company or any Subsidiary thereof, as applicable, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding,
shall sell or grant any option to purchase, or sell or grant any right to reprice, or otherwise dispose of or issue (or announce any
offer, sale, grant or any option to purchase or other disposition) any Common Stock or securities (including but not limited to Common
Stock Equivalents) entitling any person or entity (for purposes of clarification, including but not limited to the Holder pursuant to
(i) any other security of the Company currently held by Holder, (ii) any other security of the Company issued to Holder on or after the
Issuance Date, or (iii) any other agreement entered into between the Company and Holder (including but not limited to the Purchase Agreement))
to acquire shares of Common Stock (upon conversion, exercise or otherwise), at an effective price per share less than the then Exercise
Price (such lower price, the Base Share Price and such issuances, collectively, a Dilutive Issuance (if the holder of the Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents so issued shall at any time, whether by operation of purchase price adjustments,
elimination of an applicable floor price for any reason in the future (including but not limited to the passage of time or satisfaction
of certain condition(s)), reset provisions, floating conversion, exercise or exchange prices or otherwise, or due to warrants, options
or rights per share which are issued in connection with such issuance, be entitled or potentially entitled to receive shares of Common
Stock at an effective price per share which is less than the Exercise Price at any time while such Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents
are in existence, such issuance shall be deemed to have occurred for less than the Exercise Price on such date of the Dilutive Issuance
(regardless of whether the Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents are (i) subsequently redeemed or retired by the Company after the
date of the Dilutive Issuance or (ii) actually converted or exercised at such Base Share Price), then Exercise Price then in effect shall
be reduced (and in no event increased) to equal the Weighted Average Price (as defined below); provided , however , that,
if the Base Share Price is equal to or less than 0.003 (as appropriately adjusted for any stock dividend, stock split, stock combination
or other similar transaction), then the Exercise Price shall be reduced at the option of the Holder to equal the Base Share Price. Weighted
Average Price shall equal the quotient obtained by dividing : 

4 

(X) the
sum of (A) the product obtained by multiplying the number of shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to such
issuance or sale (or deemed issuance or sale) by the Exercise Price then in effect plus (B) the aggregate consideration, if any, received
by the Company upon such issuance or sale (or deemed issuance or sale); by 

(Y) the
sum of (A) the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to such issuance or sale (or deemed issuance or sale) plus
(B) the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock issued or sold (or deemed issued or sold) by the Company in such issuance or sale
(or deemed issuance or sale). 

Such
adjustment shall be made whenever such Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents are issued, regardless of whether the Common Stock or
Common Stock Equivalents are (i) subsequently redeemed or retired by the Company after the date of the Dilutive Issuance or (ii) actually
converted or exercised at such Base Share Price by the holder thereof (for the avoidance of doubt, the Holder may utilize the Base Share
Price even if the Company did not actually issue shares of its common stock at the Base Share Price under the respective Common stock
Equivalents). The Company shall notify the Holder in writing, no later than the Trading Day following the issuance of any Common Stock
or Common Stock Equivalents subject to this Section 2(b), indicating therein the applicable issuance price, or applicable reset price,
exchange price, conversion price and other pricing terms (such notice the Dilutive Issuance Notice ). For purposes of clarification,
regardless of whether (i) the Company provides a Dilutive Issuance Notice pursuant to this Section 2(b) upon the occurrence of any Dilutive
Issuance or (ii) the Holder accurately refers to the number of Warrant Shares or Base Share Price in the Exercise Notice, the Holder
is entitled to the Base Share Price upon the occurrence of any Dilutive Issuance. 

(c) Subdivision
or Combination of Common Stock . If the Company at any time on or after the Issuance Date subdivides (by any stock split, stock dividend,
recapitalization or otherwise) one or more classes of its outstanding shares of Common Stock into a greater number of shares, the Exercise
Price in effect immediately prior to such subdivision will be proportionately reduced and the number of Warrant Shares will be proportionately
increased. If the Company at any time on or after the Issuance Date combines (by combination, reverse stock split or otherwise) one or
more classes of its outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, the Exercise Price in effect immediately prior
to such combination will be proportionately increased and the number of Warrant Shares will be proportionately decreased. Any adjustment
under this Section 2(c) shall become effective at the close of business on the date the subdivision or combination becomes effective.
Each such adjustment of the Exercise Price shall be calculated to the nearest one-hundredth of a cent. Such adjustment shall be made
successively whenever any event covered by this Section 2(c) shall occur. 

3. FUNDAMENTAL
TRANSACTIONS . If, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, (i) the Company effects any merger of the Company with or into another
entity and the Company is not the surviving entity (such surviving entity, the Successor Entity ), (ii) the Company
effects any sale of all or substantially all of its assets in one or a series of related transactions, (iii) any tender offer or exchange
offer (whether by the Company or by another individual or entity, and approved by the Company) is completed, pursuant to which holders
of Common Stock are permitted to tender or exchange their shares of Common Stock for other securities, cash or property and the holders
of at least 50 of the Common Stock accept such offer, or (iv) the Company effects any reclassification of the Common Stock or any compulsory
share exchange pursuant to which the Common Stock is effectively converted into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property (other
than as a result of a subdivision or combination of shares of Common Stock) (in any such case, a Fundamental Transaction ),
then, upon any subsequent exercise of this Warrant, the Holder shall have the right to receive the number of shares of Common Stock of
the Successor Entity or of the Company and any additional consideration (the Alternate Consideration receivable
upon or as a result of such reorganization, reclassification, merger, consolidation or disposition of assets by a holder of the number
of shares of Common Stock for which this Warrant is exercisable immediately prior to such event (disregarding any limitation on exercise
contained herein solely for the purpose of such determination). For purposes of any such exercise, the determination of the Exercise
Price shall be appropriately adjusted to apply to such Alternate Consideration based on the amount of Alternate Consideration issuable
in respect of one share of Common Stock in such Fundamental Transaction, and the Company shall apportion the Exercise Price among the
Alternate Consideration in a reasonable manner reflecting the relative value of any different components of the Alternate Consideration.
If holders of Common Stock are given any choice as to the securities, cash or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction, then
the Holder shall be given the same choice as to the Alternate Consideration it receives upon any exercise of this Warrant following such
Fundamental Transaction. To the extent necessary to effectuate the foregoing provisions, any Successor Entity in such Fundamental Transaction
shall issue to the Holder a new warrant consistent with the foregoing provisions and evidencing the Holder s right to exercise
such warrant into Alternate Consideration. 

5 

4. NON-CIRCUMVENTION .
The Company covenants and agrees that it will not, by amendment of its certificate of incorporation, bylaws or through any reorganization,
transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, scheme of arrangement, dissolution, issue or sale of securities, or any other voluntary action,
avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Warrant, and will at all times in good faith carry out
all the provisions of this Warrant and take all action as may be required to protect the rights of the Holder. Without limiting the generality
of the foregoing, the Company (i) shall not increase the par value of any shares of Common Stock receivable upon the exercise of this
Warrant above the Exercise Price then in effect, (ii) shall take all such actions as may be necessary or appropriate in order that the
Company may validly and legally issue fully paid and non-assessable shares of Common Stock upon the exercise of this Warrant, and (iii)
shall, for so long as this Warrant is outstanding, have authorized and reserved, free from preemptive rights, two (2) times the number
of shares of Common Stock into which the Warrants are then exercisable into to provide for the exercise of the rights represented by
this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise). 

5. WARRANT
HOLDER NOT DEEMED A STOCKHOLDER . Except as otherwise specifically provided herein, this Warrant, in and of itself, shall not entitle
the Holder to any voting rights or other rights as a stockholder of the Company. In addition, nothing contained in this Warrant shall
be construed as imposing any liabilities on the Holder to purchase any securities (upon exercise of this Warrant or otherwise) or as
a stockholder of the Company, whether such liabilities are asserted by the Company or by creditors of the Company. 

6. REISSUANCE . 

(a) Lost,
Stolen or Mutilated Warrant . If this Warrant is lost, stolen, mutilated or destroyed, the Company will, on such terms as to indemnity
or otherwise as it may reasonably impose (which shall, in the case of a mutilated Warrant, include the surrender thereof), issue a new
Warrant of like denomination and tenor as this Warrant so lost, stolen, mutilated or destroyed. 

(b) Issuance
of New Warrants . Whenever the Company is required to issue a new Warrant pursuant to the terms of this Warrant, such new Warrant
shall be of like tenor with this Warrant, and shall have an issuance date, as indicated on the face of such new Warrant which is the
same as the Issuance Date. 

7. TRANSFER .
This Warrant shall be binding upon the Company and its successors and assigns, and shall inure to be the benefit of the Holder and its
successors and assigns. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the rights, interests or obligations of the Company hereunder
may not be assigned, by operation of law or otherwise, in whole or in part, by the Company without the prior signed written consent of
the Holder, which consent may be withheld at the sole discretion of the Holder (any such assignment or transfer shall be null and void
if the Company does not obtain the prior signed written consent of the Holder). This Warrant or any of the severable rights and obligations
inuring to the benefit of or to be performed by Holder hereunder may be assigned by Holder to a third party, in whole or in part, without
the need to obtain the Company s consent thereto. 

6 

8. NOTICES .
Whenever notice is required to be given under this Warrant, unless otherwise provided herein, such notice shall be given in accordance
with the notice provisions contained in the Purchase Agreement. The Company shall provide the Holder with prompt written notice (i) immediately
upon any adjustment of the Exercise Price, setting forth in reasonable detail, the calculation of such adjustment and (ii) at least 20
days prior to the date on which the Company closes its books or takes a record (A) with respect to any dividend or distribution upon
the shares of Common Stock, (B) with respect to any grants, issuances or sales of any stock or other securities directly or indirectly
convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for shares of Common Stock or other property, pro rata to the holders of shares of Common
Stock or (C) for determining rights to vote with respect to any Fundamental Transaction, dissolution or liquidation, provided in each
case that such information shall be made known to the public prior to or in conjunction with such notice being provided to the Holder. 

9. AMENDMENT
AND WAIVER . The terms of this Warrant may be amended or waived (either generally or in a particular instance and either retroactively
or prospectively) only with the written consent of the Company and the Holder. 

10. GOVERNING
LAW AND VENUE . This Warrant shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware without regard
to principles of conflicts of laws. Any action brought by either party against the other concerning the transactions contemplated by
this Warrant or any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby shall be brought only in the Court of Chancery
of the State of Delaware or, to the extent such court does not have subject matter jurisdiction, the United States District Court for
the District of Delaware or, to the extent that neither of the foregoing courts has jurisdiction, the Superior Court of the State of
Delaware. The parties to this Warrant hereby irrevocably waive any objection to jurisdiction and venue of any action instituted hereunder
and shall not assert any defense based on lack of jurisdiction or venue or based upon forum non conveniens . EACH PARTY HEREBY
IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO, AND AGREES NOT TO REQUEST, A JURY TRIAL FOR THE ADJUDICATION OF ANY DISPUTE HEREUNDER OR
UNDER ANY OTHER TRANSACTION DOCUMENT ENTERED INTO IN CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING OUT OF THIS WARRANT OR ANY TRANSACTION CONTEMPLATED HEREBY
OR THEREBY . The prevailing party shall be entitled to recover from the other party its reasonable attorney s fees and costs.
In the event that any provision of this Warrant or any other agreement delivered in connection herewith is invalid or unenforceable under
any applicable statute or rule of law, then such provision shall be deemed inoperative to the extent that it may conflict therewith and
shall be deemed modified to conform with such statute or rule of law. Any such provision which may prove invalid or unenforceable under
any law shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of any agreement. Each party hereby irrevocably waives
personal service of process and consents to process being served in any suit, action or proceeding in connection with this Warrant or
any other transaction document entered into in connection with this Warrant by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail
or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under the Purchase Agreement
and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall
be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. 

11. ACCEPTANCE .
Receipt of this Warrant by the Holder shall constitute acceptance of and agreement to all of the terms and conditions contained herein. 

12. CERTAIN
DEFINITIONS . For purposes of this Warrant, the following terms shall have the following meanings: 

(a) [Intentionally Omitted]. 

(b) Closing
Sale Price means, for any security as of any date, (i) the last closing trade price for such security on the Principal Market,
as reported by Quotestream or other similar quotation service provider designated by the Holder, or, if the Principal Market begins to
operate on an extended hours basis and does not designate the closing trade price, then the last trade price of such security prior to
4:00 p.m., New York time, as reported by Quotestream or other similar quotation service provider designated by the Holder, or (ii) if
the foregoing does not apply, the last trade price of such security in the over-the-counter market for such security as reported by Quotestream
or other similar quotation service provider designated by the Holder, or (iii) if no last trade price is reported for such security by
Quotestream or other similar quotation service provider designated by the Holder, the average of the bid and ask prices of any market
makers for such security as reported by Quotestream or other similar quotation service provider designated by the Holder. If the Closing
Sale Price cannot be calculated for a security on a particular date on any of the foregoing bases, the Closing Sale Price of such security
on such date shall be the fair market value as mutually determined by the Company and the Holder. All such determinations to be appropriately
adjusted for any stock dividend, stock split, stock combination or other similar transaction during the applicable calculation period. 

7 

(c) Common
Stock means the Company s common stock, par value 0.0001, and any other class of securities into which such securities
may hereafter be reclassified or changed. 

(d) Common
Stock Equivalents means any securities of the Company that would entitle the holder thereof to acquire at any time Common
Stock, including without limitation any debt, preferred stock, rights, options, warrants or other instrument that is at any time convertible
into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock. 

(e) Person 
and Persons means an individual, a limited liability company, a partnership, a joint venture, a corporation, a trust,
an unincorporated organization, any other entity and any governmental entity or any department or agency thereof. 

(f) Principal
Market means the principal securities exchange or trading market where such Common Stock is listed or quoted, including but
not limited to any tier of the OTC Markets Group Inc., any tier of the NASDAQ Stock Market (including NASDAQ Capital Market), or the
NYSE American, or any successor to such markets. 

(g) Market
Price means the highest traded price of the Common Stock during the thirty (30) Trading Days prior to the date of the respective
Exercise Notice, provided, however, that if the date of the respective Exercise Notice is on or after the earlier of (i) the date that
is three (3) calendar days after the consummation of the Uplist Offering (as defined in this Warrant) or (ii) June 13, 2023, then Market
Price means the highest traded price of the Common Stock during the seventy-five (75) Trading Days prior to the date of the respective
Exercise Notice. 

(h) Trading
Day means any day on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted on its Principal Market, provided , however ,
that, if the Common Stock is not then listed or quoted on any Principal Market, then any calendar day. 

(i) Uplist
Offering shall mean an offering of Common Stock (or units consisting of Common Stock and warrants to purchase Common Stock)
that will result in the immediate listing for trading of the Common Stock on the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq
Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the New York Stock Exchange, or any other national securities exchange (or any successors
to any of the foregoing). 

8 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Warrant to be duly executed as of the Issuance Date set forth above. 

KONA GOLD BEVERAGE, INC. 

Name:
 
 Robert
 Clark 

Title:
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer 

EXHIBIT
A 

EXERCISE
NOTICE 

(To
be executed by the registered holder to exercise this Common Stock Purchase Warrant) 

THE
UNDERSIGNED holder hereby exercises the right to purchase ________________________ of the shares of Common Stock Warrant
Shares of KONA GOLD BEVERAGE, INC., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), evidenced by the attached copy of
the Common Stock Purchase Warrant (the Warrant ). Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have
the respective meanings set forth in the Warrant. 

1. Form
 of Exercise Price . The Holder intends that payment of the Exercise Price shall be made
 as (check one): 

a
 cash exercise with respect to ______________________ Warrant Shares; or 
 
 by
 cashless exercise pursuant to the Warrant. 

2. Payment
 of Exercise Price . If cash exercise is selected above, the holder shall pay the applicable
 Aggregate Exercise Price in the sum of ___________________________________ to the
 Company in accordance with the terms of the Warrant. 

3. Delivery
 of Warrant Shares . The Company shall deliver to the holder ___________________________
 Warrant Shares in accordance with the terms of the Warrant. 

Date: 

(Print Name of Registered Holder) 

By: 

Name: 

Title:

EXHIBIT
B 

ASSIGNMENT
OF WARRANT 

(To
be signed only upon authorized transfer of the Warrant) 

FOR
VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned hereby sells, assigns, and transfers unto _________________________ 

 the
right to purchase _____________________ shares of common stock of KONA GOLD BEVERAGE, INC., to which the within Common Stock
Purchase Warrant relates and appoints ______, as attorney-in-fact, to transfer said right on the books of KONA GOLD BEVERAGE, INC.
with full power of substitution and re-substitution in the premises. By accepting such transfer, the transferee has agreed to be
bound in all respects by the terms and conditions of the within Warrant. 

Dated: 

(Signature)

(Name) 

(Address) 

(Social
 Security or Tax Identification No.) 

The signature on this Assignment of Warrant must correspond to the name as written upon the face of the Common Stock Purchase Warrant
in every particular without alteration or enlargement or any change whatsoever. When signing on behalf of a corporation, partnership,
trust or other entity, please indicate your position(s) and title(s) with such entity. 

</EX-4.14>

<EX-10.52>
 3
 ex10-52.htm

Exhibit
10.52 

EQUITY
PURCHASE AGREEMENT 

This
equity purchase agreement is entered into as of March 30, 2023 (this Agreement ), by and between Kona Gold Beverage,
Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), and Mast Hill Fund, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership (the Investor ,
and collectively with the Company, the Parties ). 

WHEREAS ,
the Parties desire that, upon the terms and subject to the conditions contained herein, the Company shall issue and sell to the Investor,
from time to time as provided herein, and the Investor shall purchase up to Five Million Dollars 5,000,000.00) of the Company s
Common Stock (as defined below); 

NOW,
THEREFORE , the Parties hereto agree as follows: 

ARTICLE
I 

 CERTAIN
DEFINITIONS 

Section
1.1 DEFINED TERMS . As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings specified or indicated (such
meanings to be equally applicable to both the singular and plural forms of the terms defined): 

Agreement 
shall have the meaning specified in the preamble hereof. 

Average
Daily Trading Value shall mean the average trading volume of the Company s Common Stock on the Principal Market during
the seven (7) Trading Days immediately preceding the respective Put Date multiplied by the lowest volume weighted average price of the
Company s Common Stock on the Principal Market during the seven (7) Trading Days immediately preceding the respective Put Date. 

Bankruptcy
Law means Title 11, U.S. Code, or any similar federal or state law for the relief of debtors. 

Claim
Notice shall have the meaning specified in Section 9.3(a). 

Clearing
Costs shall mean all fees of the Placement Agent with respect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, as well
as all of the Investor s brokerage firm, clearing firm, Transfer Agent fees, and attorney fees, with respect to the Put Shares. 

Clearing
Date shall be the date on which the Investor receives the Put Shares in its brokerage account. 

Closing 
shall mean one of the closings of a purchase and sale of shares of Common Stock pursuant to Section 2.3. 

Closing
Certificate shall mean the closing certificate of the Company in the form of Exhibit B hereto. 

Closing
Date shall mean the date of any Closing hereunder. 

Commitment
Period shall mean the period commencing on the Execution Date, and ending on the earlier of (i) the date on which the Investor
shall have purchased Put Shares pursuant to this Agreement equal to the Maximum Commitment Amount, (ii) twenty-four (24) months after
the date of this Agreement, (iii) written notice of termination by the Company to the Investor (which shall not occur during any Valuation
Period or at any time that the Investor holds any of the Put Shares), (iv) the Registration Statement is no longer effective after the
initial effective date of the Registration Statement, or (v) the date that, pursuant to or within the meaning of any Bankruptcy Law,
the Company commences a voluntary case or any Person commences a proceeding against the Company, a Custodian is appointed for the Company
or for all or substantially all of its property or the Company makes a general assignment for the benefit of its creditors; provided,
however, that the provisions of Articles III, IV, V, VI, IX and the agreements and covenants of the Company and the Investor set forth
in Article X shall survive the termination of this Agreement. 

Common
Stock shall mean the Company s common stock, 0.0001 par value per share, and any shares of any other class of common
stock whether now or hereafter authorized, having the right to participate in the distribution of dividends (as and when declared) and
assets (upon liquidation of the Company). 

Common
Stock Equivalents means any securities of the Company or the Subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire
at any time Common Stock, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant or other instrument that is
at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock. 

Company 
shall have the meaning specified in the preamble to this Agreement. 

Custodian 
means any receiver, trustee, assignee, liquidator or similar official under any Bankruptcy Law. 

Damages 
shall mean any loss, claim, damage, liability, cost and expense (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys fees and
disbursements and costs and expenses of expert witnesses and investigation). 

Dispute
Period shall have the meaning specified in Section 9.3(a). 

DTC 
shall mean The Depository Trust Company, or any successor performing substantially the same function for the Company. 

DTC/FAST
Program shall mean the DTC s Fast Automated Securities Transfer Program. 

DWAC 
shall mean Deposit and Withdrawal at Custodian service as defined by DTC. 

DWAC
Eligible shall mean that (a) the Common Stock is eligible at DTC for full services pursuant to DTC s Operational Arrangements,
including, without limitation, transfer through DTC s DWAC service, (b) the Company has been approved (without revocation) by the
DTC s underwriting department, (c) the Transfer Agent is approved as an agent in the DTC/FAST Program, (d) the Warrant Shares or
Put Shares, as applicable, are otherwise eligible for delivery via DWAC, and (e) the Transfer Agent does not have a policy prohibiting
or limiting delivery of the Warrant Shares or Put Shares, as applicable, via DWAC. 

DWAC
Shares means shares of Common Stock that are (i) issued in electronic form, (ii) tradable and transferable without restriction
on resale and (iii) timely credited by the Company to the Investor s or its designee s specified DWAC account with DTC under
the DTC/FAST Program, or any similar program hereafter adopted by DTC performing substantially the same function. 

Exchange
Act shall mean the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 

Exchange
Cap shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7.1(c). 

Execution
Date shall mean the date of this Agreement. 

FINRA 
shall mean the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. 

Investment
Amount shall mean the Put Shares referenced in the Put Notice multiplied by the Purchase Price, minus the Clearing Costs. 

Indemnified
Party shall have the meaning specified in Section 9.2. 

Indemnifying
Party shall have the meaning specified in Section 9.2. 

Indemnity
Notice shall have the meaning specified in Section 9.3(e). 

Initial
Purchase Price shall mean 90 of the volume weighted average price of the Company s Common Stock on the Principal Market
on the Trading Day immediately preceding the respective Put Date. 

Investor 
shall have the meaning specified in the preamble to this Agreement. 

Lien 
means a lien, charge, pledge, security interest, encumbrance, right of first refusal, preemptive right or other restriction. 

Market
Price shall mean the average of the two (2) lowest volume weighted average prices of the Company s Common Stock on the
Principal Market during the Valuation Period, in each case as reported by Quotestream or other reputable source designated by the Investor,
provided, further, that if the aforementioned calculation of the Market Price is less than 0.001 for a respective Put then such Market
Price for that Put shall instead mean the lowest closing bid price of the Company s Common Stock on the Principal Market during
the Valuation Period, in each case as reported by Quotestream or other reputable source designated by the Investor. 

Material
Adverse Effect shall mean any effect on the business, operations, properties, or financial condition of the Company and the
Subsidiaries that is material and adverse to the Company and the Subsidiaries and/or any condition, circumstance, or situation that would
prohibit or otherwise materially interfere with the ability of the Company to enter into and perform its obligations under any Transaction
Document. 

Maximum
Commitment Amount shall mean Five Million Dollars 5,000,000.00). 

Person 
shall mean an individual, a corporation, a partnership, an association, a trust or other entity or organization, including a government
or political subdivision or an agency or instrumentality thereof. 

Principal
Market shall mean any of the national exchanges i.e. , New York Stock Exchange, NYSE American, and The Nasdaq Stock
Market), or principal quotation systems i.e. , OTCQX Best Market, OTCQB Venture Market, and Pink 
 Open Market), or other principal exchange or recognized quotation system which is at the time the principal trading platform or
market for the Common Stock. 

Purchase
Price shall mean 90 of the Market Price on such date on which the Purchase Price is calculated in accordance with the terms
and conditions of this Agreement. 

Put 
shall mean the right of the Company to require the Investor to purchase shares of Common Stock, subject to the terms and conditions of
this Agreement. 

Put
Date shall mean any Trading Day during the Commitment Period that a Put Notice is deemed delivered pursuant to Section 2.2(b). 

Put
Notice shall mean a written notice, substantially in the form of Exhibit A hereto, to Investor setting forth the Put
Shares which the Company intends to require Investor to purchase pursuant to the terms of this Agreement. 

Put
Shares shall mean all shares of Common Stock issued, or that the Company shall be entitled to issue, per any applicable Put
Notice in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement. 

Registration
Statement shall have the meaning specified in Section 6.4. 

Regulation
D shall mean Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act. 

Required
Minimum shall mean, as of any date, the maximum aggregate number of shares of Common
Stock potentially issuable at such time pursuant to the Transaction Documents, which shall be calculated on each such date as follows:
the then remaining Maximum Commitment Amount divided by the Initial Purchase Price on each such date plus the number of shares required
to be reserved with respect to the Warrant Shares under the Warrant, ignoring any beneficial ownership limitations set forth herein and
therein. 

Rule
144 shall mean Rule 144 under the Securities Act or any similar provision then in force under the Securities Act. 

SEC 
shall mean the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. 

SEC
Documents shall have the meaning specified in Section 4.5. 

Securities 
means, collectively, the Put Shares, Warrant, and Warrant Shares. 

Securities
Act shall mean the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 

Short
Sales shall mean all short sales as defined in Rule 200 of Regulation SHO under the Exchange Act. 

Subsidiary 
means any Person the Company wholly-owns or controls, or in which the Company, directly or indirectly, owns a majority of the voting
stock or similar voting interest, in each case that would be disclosable pursuant to Item 601(b)(21) of Regulation S-K promulgated under
the Securities Act. 

Third
Party Claim shall have the meaning specified in Section 9.3(a). 

Trading
Day shall mean a day on which the Principal Market shall be open for business. 

Transaction
Documents shall mean this Agreement, the registration rights agreement of even date, and all exhibits hereto and thereto. 

Transfer
Agent shall mean Securities Transfer Corporation , the current transfer agent of the
Company, with a mailing address of 2901 N. Dallas Parkway, Suite 380, Plano, TX 75093, and any successor transfer agent of the Company. 

Transfer
Agent Instruction Letter means the letter from the Company to the Transfer Agent entered into on or around the date of this
Agreement that instructs the Transfer Agent to issue the Put Shares and the Warrant Shares pursuant to the Transaction Documents. 

Warrant 
shall mean that certain common stock purchase warrant for the purchase of 56,000,000 shares of the Common Stock which shall be issued
to Investor on the date of this Agreement. 

Warrant
Shares shall mean all of the shares of the Common Stock underlying the Warrant. 

Valuation
Period shall mean the period of seven (7) Trading Days immediately following the Clearing Date associated with the applicable
Put Notice. 

ARTICLE
II 

 PURCHASE
AND SALE OF COMMON STOCK 

Section
2.1 PUTS . Upon the terms and conditions set forth herein (including, without limitation, the provisions of Article VII), the Company
shall have the right, but not the obligation, to direct the Investor, by its delivery to the Investor of a Put Notice from time to time,
to purchase Put Shares (i) in a minimum amount not less than 25,000.00 and (ii) in a maximum amount up to the lesser of (a) 500,000.00
or (b) 150 of the Average Daily Trading Value. 

Section
2.2 MECHANICS . 

(a)
 PUT NOTICE . At any time and from time to time during the Commitment Period, except as provided in this Agreement, the Company
may deliver a Put Notice to Investor, subject to satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Section 7.2 and otherwise provided herein.
The initial price per share identified in the respective Put Notice shall be equal to the Initial Purchase Price and shall only be used
for purposes of determining the number of shares of Common Stock that the Company can issue pursuant to a respective Put Notice in accordance
with Section 2.1 of this Agreement (for the avoidance of doubt, the Initial Purchase Price shall not be used for purposes of determining
the actual price per share to be paid by the Investor to the Company with respect to a Put Notice). At the end of the Valuation Period,
the Purchase Price for the respective Put Shares and Investment Amount shall be established as further provided in this Agreement. The
Company shall deliver, or cause to be delivered, the Put Shares as DWAC Shares to the Investor within one (1) Trading Day following the
Put Date. 

(b)
 DATE OF DELIVERY OF PUT NOTICE . A Put Notice shall be deemed delivered on (i) the Trading Day it is received by email by the Investor
if such notice is received on or prior to 9:00 a.m. ET or (ii) the immediately succeeding Trading Day if it is received by email after
9:00 a.m. ET on a Trading Day or at any time on a day which is not a Trading Day. The Company shall not deliver a Put Notice to the Investor
during the period beginning on the Put Date of the immediately prior Put Notice and ending on the date that is seven (7) Trading Days
after the Clearing Date associated with the Common Stock of the immediately prior Put Notice. 

Section
2.3 CLOSINGS . At the end of the Valuation Period, the Purchase Price for the respective Put Shares shall be established as provided
in this Agreement. If the value of the Put Shares delivered to the Investor causes the Company to exceed the Maximum Commitment Amount,
then immediately after the Valuation Period the Investor shall return to the Company the surplus amount of Put Shares associated with
such Put and the Purchase Price with respect to such Put shall be reduced by any Clearing Costs related to the return of such Put Shares.
The Closing of a Put shall occur within two (2) Trading Days following the end of the respective Valuation Period, whereby the Investor
shall deliver the Investment Amount by wire transfer of immediately available funds to an account designated by the Company. 

ARTICLE
III 

 REPRESENTATIONS
AND WARRANTIES OF INVESTOR 

The
Investor represents and warrants to the Company that: 

Section
3.1 INTENT . The Investor is entering into this Agreement for its own account and the Investor has no present arrangement (whether
or not legally binding) at any time to sell the Securities to or through any Person in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable
state securities laws; provided , however , that the Investor reserves the right to dispose of the Securities at any time
in accordance with federal and state securities laws applicable to such disposition. 

Section
3.2 NO LEGAL ADVICE FROM THE COMPANY . The Investor acknowledges that it has had the opportunity to review this Agreement and the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement with its own legal counsel and investment and tax advisors. The Investor is relying solely
on such counsel and advisors and not on any statements or representations of the Company or any of its representatives or agents for
legal, tax or investment advice with respect to this investment, the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or the securities laws
of any jurisdiction. 

Section
3.3 ACCREDITED INVESTOR . The Investor is an accredited investor as defined in Rule 501(a)(3) of Regulation D, and the Investor
has such experience in business and financial matters that it is capable of evaluating the merits and risks of an investment in the Securities.
The Investor acknowledges that an investment in the Securities is speculative and involves a high degree of risk. 

Section
3.4 AUTHORITY . The Investor has the requisite power and authority to enter into and perform its obligations under this Agreement
and the other Transaction Documents and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby. The execution and delivery of
this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby have
been duly authorized by all necessary action and no further consent or authorization of the Investor is required. Each Transaction Document
to which it is a party has been duly executed by the Investor, and when delivered by the Investor in accordance with the terms hereof,
will constitute the valid and binding obligation of the Investor enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, subject to applicable
bankruptcy, insolvency, or similar laws relating to, or affecting generally the enforcement of, creditors rights and remedies
or by other equitable principles of general application. 

Section
3.5 NOT AN AFFILIATE . The Investor is not an officer, director or affiliate (as that term is defined in Rule 405
of the Securities Act) of the Company. 

Section
3.6 ORGANIZATION AND STANDING . The Investor is an entity duly incorporated or formed, validly existing and in good standing under
the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or formation with full right, corporate, partnership, limited liability company or
similar power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the other Transaction
Documents. 

Section
3.7 ABSENCE OF CONFLICTS . The execution and delivery of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, and the consummation
of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby and compliance with the requirements hereof and thereof, will not (a) violate any
law, rule, regulation, order, writ, judgment, injunction, decree or award binding on the Investor, (b) violate any provision of any indenture,
instrument or agreement to which the Investor is a party or is subject, or by which the Investor or any of its assets is bound, or conflict
with or constitute a material default thereunder, (c) result in the creation or imposition of any lien pursuant to the terms of any such
indenture, instrument or agreement, or constitute a breach of any fiduciary duty owed by the Investor to any third party, or (d) require
the approval of any third-party (that has not been obtained) pursuant to any material contract, instrument, agreement, relationship or
legal obligation to which the Investor is subject or to which any of its assets, operations or management may be subject. 

Section
3.8 DISCLOSURE; ACCESS TO INFORMATION . The Investor had an opportunity to review copies of the SEC Documents filed on behalf of
the Company and has had access to all publicly available information with respect to the Company. 

Section
3.9 MANNER OF SALE . At no time was the Investor presented with or solicited by or through any leaflet, public promotional meeting,
television advertisement or any other form of general solicitation or advertising. 

ARTICLE
IV 

 REPRESENTATIONS
AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY 

The
Company represents and warrants to the Investor that: 

Section
4.1 ORGANIZATION OF THE COMPANY . The Company and each of the Subsidiaries is an entity duly incorporated or otherwise organized,
validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization, with the requisite power
and authority to own and use its properties and assets and to carry on its business as currently conducted. Neither the Company nor any
Subsidiary is in violation nor default of any of the provisions of its respective certificate or articles of incorporation, bylaws or
other organizational or charter documents. Each of the Company and the Subsidiaries is duly qualified to conduct business and is in good
standing as a foreign corporation or other entity in each jurisdiction in which the nature of the business conducted or property owned
by it makes such qualification necessary, except where the failure to be so qualified or in good standing, as the case may be, could
not have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect and no proceeding has been instituted in any such jurisdiction
revoking, limiting or curtailing or seeking to revoke, limit or curtail such power and authority or qualification. 

Section
4.2 AUTHORITY . The Company has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and perform its obligations under this
Agreement and the other Transaction Documents. The execution and delivery of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents by the
Company and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate
action and no further consent or authorization of the Company or its Board of Directors or stockholders is required. Each of this Agreement
and the other Transaction Documents has been duly executed and delivered by the Company and constitutes a valid and binding obligation
of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by applicable
bankruptcy, insolvency, or similar laws relating to, or affecting generally the enforcement of, creditors rights and remedies
or by other equitable principles of general application. 

Section
4.3 CAPITALIZATION . Except as set forth in the SEC Documents, the Company has not issued any capital stock since its most recently
filed periodic report under the Exchange Act, other than pursuant to the exercise of employee stock options under the Company s
stock option plans, the issuance of shares of Common Stock to employees pursuant to the Company s employee stock purchase plans
and pursuant to the conversion and/or exercise of Common Stock Equivalents outstanding as of the date of the most recently filed periodic
report under the Exchange Act. No Person has any right of first refusal, preemptive right, right of participation, or any similar right
to participate in the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. Except as set forth in the SEC Documents and except as
a result of the purchase and sale of the Securities, there are no outstanding options, warrants, scrip rights to subscribe to, calls
or commitments of any character whatsoever relating to, or securities, rights or obligations convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable
for, or giving any Person any right to subscribe for or acquire any shares of Common Stock, or contracts, commitments, understandings
or arrangements by which the Company or any Subsidiary is or may become bound to issue additional shares of Common Stock or Common Stock
Equivalents. The issuance and sale of the Securities will not obligate the Company to issue shares of Common Stock or other securities
to any Person (other than the Investor) and will not result in a right of any holder of Company securities to adjust the exercise, conversion,
exchange or reset price under any of such securities. There are no stockholders agreements, voting agreements or other similar agreements
with respect to the Company s capital stock to which the Company is a party or, to the knowledge of the Company, between or among
any of the Company s stockholders. 

Section
4.4 LISTING AND MAINTENANCE REQUIREMENTS . The Common Stock is registered pursuant to Section 12(b) or 12(g) of the Exchange Act,
and the Company has taken no action designed to, or which to its knowledge is likely to have the effect of, terminating the registration
of the Common Stock under the Exchange Act nor has the Company received any notification that the SEC is contemplating terminating such
registration. The Company has not, in the twelve (12) months preceding the date hereof, received notice from the Principal Market on
which the Common Stock is or has been listed or quoted to the effect that the Company is not in compliance with the listing or maintenance
requirements of such Principal Market. The Company is, and has no reason to believe that it will not in the foreseeable future continue
to be, in compliance with all such listing and maintenance requirements. 

Section
4.5 SEC DOCUMENTS; DISCLOSURE . The Company has filed all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents required to
be filed by the Company under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, including pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) thereof, for the
one (1) year preceding the date hereof (or such shorter period as the Company was required by law or regulation to file such material)
(the foregoing materials, including the exhibits thereto and documents incorporated by reference therein, being collectively referred
to herein as the SEC Documents on a timely basis or has received a valid extension of such time of filing and has
filed any such SEC Documents prior to the expiration of any such extension. As of their respective dates, the SEC Documents complied
in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, as applicable, and other federal laws, rules
and regulations applicable to such SEC Documents, and none of the SEC Documents when filed contained any untrue statement of a material
fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light
of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The financial statements of the Company included in the SEC Documents
comply as to form and substance in all material respects with applicable accounting requirements and the published rules and regulations
of the SEC or other applicable rules and regulations with respect thereto. Such financial statements have been prepared in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles applied on a consistent basis during the periods involved (except (a) as may be otherwise
indicated in such financial statements or the notes thereto or (b) in the case of unaudited interim statements, to the extent they may
not include footnotes or may be condensed or summary statements) and fairly present in all material respects the financial position of
the Company as of the dates thereof and the results of operations and cash flows for the periods then ended (subject, in the case of
unaudited statements, to normal, immaterial, year-end audit adjustments). Except with respect to the material terms and conditions of
the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents, the Company confirms that neither it nor any other Person acting on its behalf
has provided the Investor or its agents or counsel with any information that it believes constitutes or might constitute material, non-public
information. The Company understands and confirms that the Investor will rely on the foregoing representation in effecting transactions
in securities of the Company. 

Section
4.6 VALID ISSUANCES . The Securities are duly authorized and, when issued and paid for in accordance with the applicable Transaction
Documents, will be duly and validly issued, fully paid, and non-assessable, free and clear of all Liens imposed by the Company other
than restrictions on transfer provided for in the Transaction Documents. 

Section
4.7 NO CONFLICTS . The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents by the Company
and the consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, including, without limitation, the issuance
of the Put Shares and the Warrant Shares, do not and will not: (a) result in a violation of the Company s or any Subsidiary s
certificate or articles of incorporation, by-laws or other organizational or charter documents, (b) conflict with, or constitute a material
default (or an event that with notice or lapse of time or both would become a material default) under, result in the creation of any
Lien upon any of the properties or assets of the Company or any Subsidiary, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration
or cancellation of, any agreement, indenture, instrument or any lock-up or similar provision of any underwriting or similar
agreement to which the Company or any Subsidiary is a party, or (c) result in a violation of any federal, state or local law, rule, regulation,
order, judgment or decree (including federal and state securities laws and regulations) applicable to the Company or any Subsidiary or
by which any property or asset of the Company or any Subsidiary is bound or affected (except for such conflicts, defaults, terminations,
amendments, accelerations, cancellations and violations as would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect)
nor is the Company otherwise in violation of, conflict with or in default under any of the foregoing. The business of the Company is
not being conducted in violation of any law, ordinance or regulation of any governmental entity, except for possible violations that
either singly or in the aggregate do not and will not have a Material Adverse Effect. The Company is not required under federal, state
or local law, rule or regulation to obtain any consent, authorization or order of, or make any filing or registration with, any court
or governmental agency in order for it to execute, deliver or perform any of its obligations under this Agreement or the other Transaction
Documents (other than any SEC, FINRA or state securities filings that may be required to be made by the Company subsequent to any Closing
or any registration statement that may be filed pursuant hereto); provided that, for purposes of the representation made in this sentence,
the Company is assuming and relying upon the accuracy of the relevant representations and agreements of Investor herein. 

Section
4.8 NO MATERIAL ADVERSE CHANGE . No event has occurred that would have a Material Adverse Effect on the Company that has not been
disclosed in subsequent SEC Documents. 

Section
4.9 LITIGATION AND OTHER PROCEEDINGS . Except as disclosed in the SEC Documents, there are no actions, suits, investigations, inquiries
or proceedings pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened against or affecting the Company, any Subsidiary or any of their
respective properties, nor has the Company received any written or oral notice of any such action, suit, proceeding, inquiry or investigation,
which would have a Material Adverse Effect. No judgment, order, writ, injunction or decree or award has been issued by or, to the knowledge
of the Company, requested of any court, arbitrator or governmental agency which would have a Material Adverse Effect. There has not been,
and to the knowledge of the Company, there is not pending or contemplated, any investigation by the SEC involving the Company, any Subsidiary
or any current or former director or officer of the Company or any Subsidiary. 

Section
4.10 REGISTRATION RIGHTS . Except as set forth in the SEC Documents, no Person (other than the Investor) has any right to cause
the Company to effect the registration under the Securities Act of any securities of the Company or any Subsidiary. 

Section
4.11 No Solicitation ; NO BROKERS . Except with respect to J. H. Darbie 
Co., a registered broker-dealer (CRD#: 43520) (the Placement Agent ), the Company has taken no action which would give rise
to any claim by any person for brokerage commissions, transaction fees or similar payments relating to this Agreement or the transactions
contemplated hereby. The Company acknowledges and agrees that neither the Investor nor its employee(s), member(s), beneficial owner(s),
or partner(s) solicited the Company to enter into this Agreement and consummate the transactions described in this Agreement. The Company
represents and warrants that the Investor is not required to be registered as a broker-dealer under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
in order to (i) consummate the transactions encompassed by the Transaction Documents or (ii) fulfill the Investor s obligations
under the Transaction Documents. 

ARTICLE
V 

 COVENANTS
OF INVESTOR 

Section
5.1 COMPLIANCE WITH LAW; TRADING IN SECURITIES . The Investor s trading activities with respect to shares of Common Stock
will be in compliance with all applicable state and federal securities laws and regulations and the rules and regulations of FINRA and
the Principal Market. 

Section
5.2 SHORT SALES AND CONFIDENTIALITY . Neither the Investor, nor any affiliate of the Investor acting on its behalf or pursuant
to any understanding with it, will execute any Short Sales during the period from the date hereof to the end of the Commitment Period.
For the purposes hereof, and in accordance with Regulation SHO, the sale after delivery of a Put Notice of such number of shares of Common
Stock reasonably expected to be purchased under a Put Notice shall not be deemed a Short Sale. The Investor shall, until such time as
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are publicly disclosed by the Company in accordance with the terms of this Agreement,
maintain the confidentiality of the existence and terms of this transaction and the information included in the Transaction Documents. 

ARTICLE
VI 

 COVENANTS
OF THE COMPANY 

Section
6.1 RESERVATION OF COMMON STOCK . The Company shall maintain a reserve from its duly authorized shares of Common Stock equal to
the Required Minimum in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. 

Section
6.2 LISTING OR QUOTATION OF COMMON STOCK . The Company shall promptly secure the listing or quotation of all of the Put Shares
to be issued to the Investor hereunder and Warrant Shares on the Principal Market (subject to official notice of issuance) and shall
maintain the listing or quotation of all such Put Shares from time to time issuable hereunder and the Warrant Shares. The Company shall
maintain the (i) listing or quotation and (ii) trading of the Common Stock on the Principal Market (including, without limitation, maintaining
sufficient net tangible assets) and will comply in all respects with the Company s reporting, filing and other obligations under
the bylaws or rules of FINRA and the Principal Market. 

Section
6.3 OTHER EQUITY LINES AND TRANSACTIONS . So long as this Agreement remains in effect, the Company covenants and agrees that it
will not, without the prior written consent of the Investor, enter into any other Equity Line of Credit (as defined below) or Variable
Rate Transaction (as defined below) with any other party. Equity Line of Credit shall mean any transaction involving a
written agreement between the Company and an investor or underwriter whereby the Company has the right to put its securities
to the investor or underwriter over an agreed period of time and at an agreed price or price formula. Variable Rate Transaction 
means a transaction in which the Company (i) issues or sells any debt or equity securities that are convertible into, exchangeable or
exercisable for, or include the right to receive, additional shares of Common Stock either (A) at a conversion price, exercise price
or exchange rate or other price that is based upon, and/or varies with, the trading prices of or quotations for the shares of Common
Stock at any time after the initial issuance of such debt or equity securities or (B) with a conversion, exercise or exchange price that
is subject to being reset at some future date after the initial issuance of such debt or equity security or upon the occurrence of specified
or contingent events directly or indirectly related to the business of the Company or the market for the Common Stock or (ii) issues
securities at a future determined price. 

Section
6.4 FILING OF CURRENT REPORT AND REGISTRATION STATEMENT . The Company agrees that it shall file a Current Report on Form 8-K, including
the Transaction Documents as exhibits thereto, with the SEC within the time required by the Exchange Act, relating to the transactions
contemplated by, and describing the material terms and conditions of, the Transaction Documents (the Current Report ).
The Company shall permit the Investor to review and comment upon the final pre-filing draft version of the Current Report at least one
(1) Trading Day prior to its filing with the SEC, and the Company shall give reasonable consideration to all such comments. The Investor
shall use its reasonable best efforts to comment upon the final pre-filing draft version of the Current Report within one (1) Trading
Day from the date the Investor receives it from the Company. The Company shall also file with the SEC, within forty-five (45) calendar
days after the date of this Agreement, a new registration statement (the Registration Statement covering only the
resale of the Put Shares and the Warrant Shares. The Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to have the Registration Statement
declared effective by the SEC within ninety (90) calendar days from the date hereof (or at the earliest possible date if prior to ninety
(90) calendar days from the date hereof). 

Section
6.5 NO BROKER-DEALER ACKNOWLEDGEMENT . Absent a final adjudication from a court of competent jurisdiction stating otherwise, the
Company shall not to any person, institution, governmental or other entity, state, claim, allege, or in any way assert, that Investor
is currently, or ever has been, a broker-dealer under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 

ARTICLE
VII 

 CONDITIONS
TO DELIVERY OF 

 PUT
NOTICES AND CONDITIONS TO CLOSING 

Section
7.1 CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO THE RIGHT OF THE COMPANY TO ISSUE AND SELL PUT SHARES . In addition to the other provisions of this
Agreement, the right of the Company to issue and sell the Put Shares to the Investor is subject to the satisfaction of each of the conditions
set forth below: 

(a)
 ACCURACY OF INVESTOR S REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES . The representations and warranties of the Investor shall be true
and correct in all material respects as of the date of this Agreement and as of the date of each Closing as though made at each such
time. 

(b)
 PERFORMANCE BY INVESTOR . Investor shall have performed, satisfied and complied in all respects with all covenants, agreements
and conditions required by this Agreement to be performed, satisfied or complied with by the Investor at or prior to such Closing. 

(c)
 PRINCIPAL MARKET REGULATION . The Company shall not issue any Put Shares, and the Investor shall not have the right to receive
any Put Shares, if the issuance of such Put Shares would exceed the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock which the Company may
issue without breaching the Company s obligations under the rules or regulations of the Principal Market (the Exchange
Cap ). 

Section
7.2 CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO THE OBLIGATION OF INVESTOR TO PURCHASE PUT SHARES . The obligation of the Investor hereunder to purchase
Put Shares is subject to the satisfaction of each of the following conditions: 

(a)
 EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT . The Registration Statement, and any amendment or supplement thereto, shall remain effective
for the resale by the Investor of the Put Shares and the Warrant Shares at prevailing market prices (and not fixed prices) and (i) neither
the Company nor the Investor shall have received notice that the SEC has issued or intends to issue a stop order with respect to such
Registration Statement or that the SEC otherwise has suspended or withdrawn the effectiveness of such Registration Statement, either
temporarily or permanently, or intends or has threatened to do so and (ii) no other suspension of the use of, or withdrawal of the effectiveness
of, such Registration Statement or related prospectus shall exist. 

(b)
 ACCURACY OF THE COMPANY S REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES . The representations and warranties of the Company shall be true
and correct in all material respects as of the date of this Agreement and as of the date of each Closing (except for representations
and warranties specifically made as of a particular date). 

(c)
 PERFORMANCE BY THE COMPANY . The Company shall have performed, satisfied and complied in all material respects with all covenants,
agreements and conditions required by this Agreement to be performed, satisfied or complied with by the Company, including but not limited
to the delivery of the Put Shares as provided in Section 2.2(a) of this Agreement. 

(d)
 NO INJUNCTION . No statute, rule, regulation, executive order, decree, ruling or injunction shall have been enacted, entered, promulgated
or adopted by any court or governmental authority of competent jurisdiction that prohibits or directly and materially adversely affects
any of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents, and no proceeding shall have been commenced that may have the effect
of prohibiting or materially adversely affecting any of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. 

(e)
 ADVERSE CHANGES . Since the date of filing of the Company s most recent SEC Document, no event that had or is reasonably
likely to have a Material Adverse Effect has occurred. 

(f)
 NO SUSPENSION OF TRADING IN OR DELISTING OF COMMON STOCK . The trading of the Common Stock shall not have been suspended by the
SEC, the Principal Market or FINRA, or otherwise halted for any reason, and the Common Stock shall have been approved for listing or
quotation on and shall not have been delisted from the Principal Market. In the event of a suspension, delisting, or halting for any
reason, of the trading of the Common Stock, as contemplated by this Section 7.2(f), the Investor shall have the right to return to the
Company any remaining amount of Put Shares associated with such Put, and the Purchase Price with respect to such Put shall be reduced
accordingly. 

(g)
 BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP LIMITATION . The number of Put Shares then to be purchased by the Investor shall not exceed the number of
such shares that, when aggregated with all other shares of Common Stock then owned by the Investor beneficially or deemed beneficially
owned by the Investor, would result in the Investor owning more than the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below), as determined
in accordance with Section 16 of the Exchange Act and the regulations promulgated thereunder. For purposes of this Section 7.2(g), in
the event that the amount of Common Stock outstanding, as determined in accordance with Section 16 of the Exchange Act and the regulations
promulgated thereunder, is greater on a Closing Date than on the date upon which the Put Notice associated with such Closing Date is
given, the amount of Common Stock outstanding on such Closing Date shall govern for purposes of determining whether the Investor, when
aggregating all purchases of Common Stock made pursuant to this Agreement, would own more than the Beneficial Ownership Limitation following
such Closing Date. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall be 4.99 of the number of shares of the Common Stock
outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock issuable pursuant to a Put Notice. 

(h)
 PRINCIPAL MARKET REGULATION . The issuance of the Put Shares shall not exceed the Exchange Cap if applicable. 

(i)
 NO KNOWLEDGE . The Company shall have no knowledge of any event more likely than not to have the effect of causing the Registration
Statement to be suspended or otherwise ineffective (which event is more likely than not to occur within the fifteen (15) Trading Days
following the Trading Day on which such Put Notice is deemed delivered). 

(j)
 NO VIOLATION OF STOCKHOLDER APPROVAL REQUIREMENT . The issuance of the Put Shares shall not violate the stockholder approval requirements
of the Principal Market. 

(k)
 OFFICER S CERTIFICATE . On the date of delivery of each Put Notice, the Investor shall have received the Closing Certificate
executed by an executive officer of the Company and to the effect that all the conditions to such Closing shall have been satisfied as
of the date of each such certificate. 

(l) DWAC
ELIGIBLE . The Common Stock must be DWAC Eligible and not subject to a DTC chill. 

(m) SEC
DOCUMENTS . All reports, schedules, registrations, forms, statements, information and other documents required to have been filed
by the Company with the SEC pursuant to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act shall have been filed with the SEC within the
applicable time periods prescribed for such filings under the Exchange Act. 

(n) RESERVE .
The Company shall have reserved the Required Minimum for the Investor s benefit under this Agreement, the Company shall have satisfied
the reserve requirements with respect to all other contracts between the Company and Investor, and the Transfer Agent Instruction Letter
shall have been executed by the Company and the Transfer Agent as well as acknowledged and agreed to in writing by the Transfer Agent. 

(o) MINIMUM
PRICING . The lowest traded price of the Common Stock in the seven (7) Trading Days immediately preceding the respective Put Date
must exceed 0.0005 per share. 

(p) BANKRUPTCY .
Bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or liquidation proceedings or other proceedings, voluntary or involuntary, for relief under any
bankruptcy law or any law for the relief of debtors shall not be instituted by or against the Company or any subsidiary of the Company
(the Bankruptcy Proceedings ), and the Company shall have no knowledge of any event more likely than not to have the effect
of causing Bankruptcy Proceedings to arise. In the event of Bankruptcy Proceedings as contemplated by this Section 7.2(p), the Investor
shall have the right to return to the Company any remaining amount of Put Shares associated with such Put, and the Purchase Price with
respect to such Put shall be reduced accordingly. 

ARTICLE
VIII 

 LEGENDS 

Section
8.1 NO RESTRICTIVE STOCK LEGEND . No restrictive stock legend shall be placed on the share certificates representing the Put Shares. 

Section
8.2 INVESTOR S COMPLIANCE . Nothing in this Article VIII shall affect in any way the Investor s obligations hereunder
to comply with all applicable securities laws upon the sale of the Common Stock. 

ARTICLE
IX 

 NOTICES;
INDEMNIFICATION 

Section
9.1 NOTICES . All notices, demands, requests, consents, approvals, and other communications required or permitted hereunder shall
be in writing and, unless otherwise specified herein, shall be (a) personally served, (b) deposited in the mail, registered or certified,
return receipt requested, postage prepaid, (c) delivered by reputable air courier service with charges prepaid, or (d) transmitted by
hand delivery, telegram, or email as a PDF, addressed as set forth below or to such other address as such party shall have specified
most recently by written notice given in accordance herewith. Any notice or other communication required or permitted to be given hereunder
shall be deemed effective (i) upon hand delivery or delivery by email at the address designated below (if delivered on a business day
during normal business hours where such notice is to be received), or the first business day following such delivery (if delivered other
than on a business day during normal business hours where such notice is to be received) or (ii) on the second business day following
the date of mailing by express courier service or on the fifth business day after deposited in the mail, in each case, fully prepaid,
addressed to such address, or upon actual receipt of such mailing, whichever shall first occur. 

The
addresses for such communications shall be: 

If
to the Company: 

Kona
Gold Beverage, Inc. 

 746
North Drive, Suite A 

 Melbourne,
FL 32934 

 Email:
robert@konagoldbeverage.com 

 Attention:
Robert Clark 

With
a mandatory copy (that shall not constitute notice) to: 

Clark
Hill PLC 

 555
South Flower Street, 24 th Floor 

 Los
Angeles, California 90071 

 Email:
 rkatz@clarkhill.com 

 Attention:
Randolf Katz 

If
to the Investor: 

Mast
Hill Fund, L.P. 

 48
Parker Road 

 Wellesley,
MA 02482 

 Email:
admin@masthillfund.com 

Either
party hereto may from time to time change its address or email for notices under this Section 9.1 by giving at least ten (10) days 
prior written notice of such changed address to the other party hereto. 

Section
9.2 INDEMNIFICATION . Each party (an Indemnifying Party agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the other party
along with its officers, directors, employees, and authorized agents, and each Person or entity, if any, who controls such party within
the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act (an Indemnified Party from and
against any Damages, joint or several, and any action in respect thereof to which the Indemnified Party becomes subject to, resulting
from, arising out of or relating to (i) any misrepresentation, breach of warranty or nonfulfillment of or failure to perform any covenant
or agreement on the part of the Indemnifying Party contained in this Agreement, (ii) any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement
of a material fact contained in the Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment thereof or supplement thereto, or the omission
or alleged omission therefrom of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading,
(iii) any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in any preliminary prospectus or contained in the
final prospectus (as amended or supplemented, if the Company files any amendment thereof or supplement thereto with the SEC) or the omission
or alleged omission to state therein any material fact necessary to make the statements made therein, in the light of the circumstances
under which the statements therein were made, not misleading, or (iv) any violation or alleged violation by the Company of the Securities
Act, the Exchange Act, any state securities law or any rule or regulation under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or any state securities
law, as such Damages are incurred, except to the extent such Damages result primarily from the Indemnified Party s failure to perform
any covenant or agreement contained in this Agreement or the Indemnified Party s negligence, recklessness or bad faith in performing
its obligations under this Agreement; provided , however , that the foregoing indemnity agreement shall not apply to any
Damages of an Indemnified Party to the extent, but only to the extent, arising out of or based upon any untrue statement or alleged untrue
statement or omission or alleged omission made by an Indemnifying Party in reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished
to the Indemnifying Party by the Indemnified Party expressly for use in the Registration Statement, any post-effective amendment thereof
or supplement thereto, or any preliminary prospectus or final prospectus (as amended or supplemented). 

Section
9.3 METHOD OF ASSERTING INDEMNIFICATION CLAIMS . All claims for indemnification by any Indemnified Party under Section 9.2 shall
be asserted and resolved as follows: 

(a)
In the event any claim or demand in respect of which an Indemnified Party might seek indemnity under Section 9.2 is asserted against
or sought to be collected from such Indemnified Party by a Person other than a party hereto or an affiliate thereof (a Third
Party Claim ), the Indemnified Party shall deliver a written notification, enclosing a copy of all papers served, if any, and
specifying the nature of and basis for such Third Party Claim and for the Indemnified Party s claim for indemnification that is
being asserted under any provision of Section 9.2 against an Indemnifying Party, together with the amount or, if not then reasonably
ascertainable, the estimated amount, determined in good faith, of such Third Party Claim (a Claim Notice with reasonable
promptness to the Indemnifying Party. If the Indemnified Party fails to provide the Claim Notice with reasonable promptness after the
Indemnified Party receives notice of such Third Party Claim, the Indemnifying Party shall not be obligated to indemnify the Indemnified
Party with respect to such Third Party Claim to the extent that the Indemnifying Party s ability to defend has been prejudiced
by such failure of the Indemnified Party. The Indemnifying Party shall notify the Indemnified Party as soon as practicable within the
period ending thirty (30) calendar days following receipt by the Indemnifying Party of either a Claim Notice or an Indemnity Notice (as
defined below) (the Dispute Period whether the Indemnifying Party disputes its liability or the amount of its liability
to the Indemnified Party under Section 9.2 and whether the Indemnifying Party desires, at its sole cost and expense, to defend the Indemnified
Party against such Third Party Claim. 

(i)
If the Indemnifying Party notifies the Indemnified Party within the Dispute Period that the Indemnifying Party desires to defend the
Indemnified Party with respect to the Third Party Claim pursuant to this Section 9.3(a), then the Indemnifying Party shall have the right
to defend, with counsel reasonably satisfactory to the Indemnified Party, at the sole cost and expense of the Indemnifying Party, such
Third Party Claim by all appropriate proceedings, which proceedings shall be vigorously and diligently prosecuted by the Indemnifying
Party to a final conclusion or will be settled at the discretion of the Indemnifying Party (but only with the consent of the Indemnified
Party in the case of any settlement that provides for any relief other than the payment of monetary damages or that provides for the
payment of monetary damages as to which the Indemnified Party shall not be indemnified in full pursuant to Section 9.2). The Indemnifying
Party shall have full control of such defense and proceedings, including any compromise or settlement thereof; provided , however ,
that the Indemnified Party may, at the sole cost and expense of the Indemnified Party, at any time prior to the Indemnifying Party s
delivery of the notice referred to in the first sentence of this clause (i), file any motion, answer or other pleadings or take any other
action that the Indemnified Party reasonably believes to be necessary or appropriate to protect its interests; and provided , further ,
that if requested by the Indemnifying Party, the Indemnified Party will, at the sole cost and expense of the Indemnifying Party, provide
reasonable cooperation to the Indemnifying Party in contesting any Third Party Claim that the Indemnifying Party elects to contest. The
Indemnified Party may participate in, but not control, any defense or settlement of any Third Party Claim controlled by the Indemnifying
Party pursuant to this clause (i), and except as provided in the preceding sentence, the Indemnified Party shall bear its own costs and
expenses with respect to such participation. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Indemnified Party may take over the control of the defense
or settlement of a Third Party Claim at any time if it irrevocably waives its right to indemnity under Section 9.2 with respect to such
Third Party Claim. 

(ii)
If the Indemnifying Party fails to notify the Indemnified Party within the Dispute Period that the Indemnifying Party desires to defend
the Third Party Claim pursuant to Section 9.3(a), or if the Indemnifying Party gives such notice but fails to prosecute vigorously and
diligently or settle the Third Party Claim, or if the Indemnifying Party fails to give any notice whatsoever within the Dispute Period,
then the Indemnified Party shall have the right to defend, at the sole cost and expense of the Indemnifying Party, the Third Party Claim
by all appropriate proceedings, which proceedings shall be prosecuted by the Indemnified Party in a reasonable manner and in good faith
or will be settled at the discretion of the Indemnified Party(with the consent of the Indemnifying Party, which consent will not be unreasonably
withheld). The Indemnified Party will have full control of such defense and proceedings, including any compromise or settlement thereof;
provided, however, that if requested by the Indemnified Party, the Indemnifying Party will, at the sole cost and expense of the Indemnifying
Party, provide reasonable cooperation to the Indemnified Party and its counsel in contesting any Third Party Claim which the Indemnified
Party is contesting. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this clause (ii), if the Indemnifying Party has notified the Indemnified
Party within the Dispute Period that the Indemnifying Party disputes its liability or the amount of its liability hereunder to the Indemnified
Party with respect to such Third Party Claim and if such dispute is resolved in favor of the Indemnifying Party in the manner provided
in clause (iii) below, the Indemnifying Party will not be required to bear the costs and expenses of the Indemnified Party s defense
pursuant to this clause (ii) or of the Indemnifying Party s participation therein at the Indemnified Party s request, and
the Indemnified Party shall reimburse the Indemnifying Party in full for all reasonable costs and expenses incurred by the Indemnifying
Party in connection with such litigation. The Indemnifying Party may participate in, but not control, any defense or settlement controlled
by the Indemnified Party pursuant to this clause (ii), and the Indemnifying Party shall bear its own costs and expenses with respect
to such participation. 

(iii)
If the Indemnifying Party notifies the Indemnified Party that it does not dispute its liability or the amount of its liability to the
Indemnified Party with respect to the Third Party Claim under Section 9.2 or fails to notify the Indemnified Party within the Dispute
Period whether the Indemnifying Party disputes its liability or the amount of its liability to the Indemnified Party with respect to
such Third Party Claim, the amount of Damages specified in the Claim Notice shall be conclusively deemed a liability of the Indemnifying
Party under Section 9.2 and the Indemnifying Party shall pay the amount of such Damages to the Indemnified Party on demand. If the Indemnifying
Party has timely disputed its liability or the amount of its liability with respect to such claim, the Indemnifying Party and the Indemnified
Party shall proceed in good faith to negotiate a resolution of such dispute; provided , however , that if the dispute is
not resolved within thirty (30) days after the Claim Notice, the Indemnifying Party shall be entitled to institute such legal action
as it deems appropriate. 

(b)
In the event any Indemnified Party should have a claim under Section 9.2 against the Indemnifying Party that does not involve a Third
Party Claim, the Indemnified Party shall deliver a written notification of a claim for indemnity under Section 9.2 specifying the nature
of and basis for such claim, together with the amount or, if not then reasonably ascertainable, the estimated amount, determined in good
faith, of such claim (an Indemnity Notice with reasonable promptness to the Indemnifying Party. The failure by
any Indemnified Party to give the Indemnity Notice shall not impair such party s rights hereunder except to the extent that the
Indemnifying Party demonstrates that it has been irreparably prejudiced thereby. If the Indemnifying Party notifies the Indemnified Party
that it does not dispute the claim or the amount of the claim described in such Indemnity Notice or fails to notify the Indemnified Party
within the Dispute Period whether the Indemnifying Party disputes the claim or the amount of the claim described in such Indemnity Notice,
the amount of Damages specified in the Indemnity Notice will be conclusively deemed a liability of the Indemnifying Party under Section
9.2 and the Indemnifying Party shall pay the amount of such Damages to the Indemnified Party on demand. If the Indemnifying Party has
timely disputed its liability or the amount of its liability with respect to such claim, the Indemnifying Party and the Indemnified Party
shall proceed in good faith to negotiate a resolution of such dispute; provided, however, that if the dispute is not resolved within
thirty (30) days after the Claim Notice, the Indemnifying Party shall be entitled to institute such legal action as it deems appropriate. 

(c)
The Indemnifying Party agrees to pay the Indemnified Party, promptly as such expenses are incurred and are due and payable, for any reasonable
legal fees or other reasonable expenses incurred by them in connection with investigating or defending any such Claim. 

(d)
The indemnity provisions contained herein shall be in addition to (i) any cause of action or similar rights of the Indemnified Party
against the Indemnifying Party or others, and (ii) any liabilities the Indemnifying Party may be subject to. 

ARTICLE
X 

 MISCELLANEOUS 

Section
10.1 GOVERNING LAW; JURISDICTION . This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of
Delaware without regard to principles of conflicts of laws. Any action brought by either party against the other concerning the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement, the Warrant, or any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby shall be
brought only in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware or, to the extent such court does not have subject matter jurisdiction,
the United States District Court for the District of Delaware or, to the extent that neither of the foregoing courts has jurisdiction,
the Superior Court of the State of Delaware. The Parties to this Agreement hereby irrevocably waive any objection to jurisdiction and
venue of any action instituted hereunder and shall not assert any defense based on lack of jurisdiction or venue or based upon forum
non conveniens. EACH PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE, AND AGREES NOT TO REQUEST, A JURY TRIAL FOR THE ADJUDICATION
OF ANY DISPUTE HEREUNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY. The prevailing
party shall be entitled to recover from the other party its reasonable attorney s fees and costs. Each party hereby irrevocably
waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any suit, action or proceeding in connection with this Agreement,
the Warrant, or any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby by mailing a copy thereof via
registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to
it under this Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing
contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. 

Section
10.2 PAYMENT SET ASIDE . Further, to the extent that the (i) Company makes a payment or payments to the Investor pursuant to this
Agreement or any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby, or (ii) the Investor enforces or
exercises its rights pursuant to this Agreement or any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby
(including but not limited to the sale of the Securities), and such payment or payments or the proceeds of such enforcement or exercise
or any part thereof (including but not limited to the sale of the Securities) are for any reason (i) subsequently invalidated, declared
to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside, recovered from, or disgorged by the Investor, or (ii) are required to be refunded, repaid
or otherwise restored to the Company, a trustee, receiver, government entity, or any other person or entity under any law (including,
without limitation, any bankruptcy law, foreign, state or federal law, common law or equitable cause of action), then (i) to the extent
of any such restoration the obligation or part thereof originally intended to be satisfied shall be revived and continued in full force
and effect as if such payment had not been made or such enforcement or setoff had not occurred and (ii) the Company shall immediately
pay to the Investor a dollar amount equal to the amount that was for any reason (i) subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent
or preferential, set aside, recovered from, or disgorged by the Investor, or (ii) required to be refunded, repaid or otherwise restored
to the Company, a trustee, receiver, government entity, or any other person or entity under any law (including, without limitation, any
bankruptcy law, foreign, state or federal law, common law or equitable cause of action). 

Section
10.3 ASSIGNMENT . This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Company and the Investor and their respective
successors. Neither this Agreement nor any rights or obligations of the Investor or the Company hereunder may be assigned by either party
to any other Person. 

Section
10.4 NO THIRD PARTY BENEFICIARIES . This Agreement is intended for the benefit of the Company and the Investor and their respective
successors, and is not for the benefit of, nor may any provision hereof be enforced by, any other Person, except as set forth in Section
9.3. 

Section
10.5 TERMINATION . The Company may terminate this Agreement at any time by written notice to the Investor, except during any Valuation
Period or at any time that the Investor holds any of the Put Shares. In addition, this Agreement shall automatically terminate at the
end of the Commitment Period. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, (i) the provisions of Articles III, IV, VI,
IX of this Agreement and the agreements and covenants of the Company and the Investor set forth in Article X of this Agreement shall
survive the termination of this Agreement and (ii) the Investor shall retain all rights to the Warrant and Warrant Shares even if this
Agreement is terminated. 

Section
10.6 ENTIRE AGREEMENT . The Transaction Documents, together with the exhibits and schedules thereto, contain the entire understanding
of the Company and the Investor with respect to the matters covered herein and therein and supersede all prior agreements and understandings,
oral or written, with respect to such matters, which the Parties acknowledge have been merged into such documents, exhibits and schedules. 

Section
10.7 FEES AND EXPENSES . Except as expressly set forth in the Transaction Documents or any other writing to the contrary, each
party shall pay the fees and expenses of its advisers, counsel, accountants and other experts, if any, and all other expenses incurred
by such party incident to the negotiation, preparation, execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement. The Company shall pay
all Transfer Agent fees (including, without limitation, any fees required for same-day processing of any instruction letter delivered
by the Company), stamp taxes and other taxes and duties levied in connection with the delivery of any Securities to the Investor. Upon
execution of this Agreement, the Company shall issue the Warrant to Investor for its commitment to enter into this Agreement. The Warrant
shall be earned in full upon the execution of this Agreement, and the issuance of the Warrant is not contingent upon any other event
or condition, including but not limited to the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or the Company s submission of a Put
Notice to the Investor. In addition, the Investor shall withhold 5,000.00 from the Investment Amount with respect to the first Put under
this Agreement for reimbursement of Investor s expenses relating to the preparation of this Agreement. 

Section
10.8 COUNTERPARTS . This Agreement may be executed in multiple counterparts, each of which may be executed by less than all of
the Parties and shall be deemed to be an original instrument which shall be enforceable against the Parties actually executing such counterparts
and all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. This Agreement may be delivered to the other Parties hereto by
email of a copy of this Agreement bearing the signature of the Parties so delivering this Agreement. 

Section
10.9 SEVERABILITY . In the event that any provision of this Agreement becomes or is declared by a court of competent jurisdiction
to be illegal, unenforceable or void, this Agreement shall continue in full force and effect without said provision; provided that such
severability shall be ineffective if it materially changes the economic benefit of this Agreement to any party. 

Section
10.10 FURTHER ASSURANCES . Each party shall do and perform, or cause to be done and performed, all such further acts and things,
and shall execute and deliver all such other agreements, certificates, instruments and documents, as the other party may reasonably request
in order to carry out the intent and accomplish the purposes of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated
hereby. 

Section
10.11 NO STRICT CONSTRUCTION . The language used in this Agreement will be deemed to be the language chosen by the Parties to express
their mutual intent, and no rules of strict construction will be applied against any party. 

Section
10.12 EQUITABLE RELIEF . The Company recognizes that in the event that it fails to perform, observe, or discharge any or all of
its obligations under this Agreement, any remedy at law may prove to be inadequate relief to the Investor. The Company therefore agrees
that the Investor shall be entitled to temporary and permanent injunctive relief in any such case without the necessity of proving actual
damages. 

Section
10.13 TITLES AND SUBTITLES . The titles and subtitles used in this Agreement are used for the convenience of reference and are
not to be considered in construing or interpreting this Agreement. 

Section
10.14 AMENDMENTS; WAIVERS . No provision of this Agreement may be amended or waived by the Parties from and after the date that
is one (1) Trading Day immediately preceding the initial filing of the Registration Statement with the SEC. Subject to the immediately
preceding sentence, (i) no provision of this Agreement may be amended other than by a written instrument signed by both Parties hereto
and (ii) no provision of this Agreement may be waived other than in a written instrument signed by the party against whom enforcement
of such waiver is sought. No failure or delay in the exercise of any power, right or privilege hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof,
nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such power, right or privilege preclude other or further exercise thereof or of any other
right, power or privilege. 

Section
10.15 PUBLICITY . The Company and the Investor shall consult with each other in issuing any press releases or otherwise making
public statements with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby and no party shall issue any such press release or otherwise make
any such public statement, other than as required by law, without the prior written consent of the other Parties, which consent shall
not be unreasonably withheld, delayed, denied, or conditioned except that no prior consent shall be required if such disclosure is required
by law, in which such case the disclosing party shall provide the other party with prior notice of such public statement. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, the Company shall not publicly disclose the name of the Investor without the prior written consent of the Investor, except
to the extent required by law. The Investor acknowledges that this Agreement and all or part of the Transaction Documents may be deemed
to be material contracts, as that term is defined by Item 601(b)(10) of Regulation S-K, and that the Company may therefore
be required to file such documents as exhibits to reports or registration statements filed under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act.
The Investor further agrees that the status of such documents and materials as material contracts shall be determined solely by the Company,
in consultation with its counsel. 

[Signature
Page Follows] 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF , the Parties have caused this Agreement to be duly executed by their respective officers thereunto duly authorized
as of the day and year first above written. 

THE
 COMPANY: 

KONA
 GOLD BEVERAGE, INC. 

By: 

Name:
 
 Robert
 Clark 

Title:
 
 Chief Executive Officer 

INVESTOR: 

MAST
 HILL FUND, L.P. 

By: 

Name:
 
 Patrick
 Hassani 

Title:
 
 Chief
 Investment Officer 

[Signature
Page to equity purchase agreement] 

EXHIBIT
A 

FORM
OF PUT NOTICE 

TO:
MAST HILL FUND, L.P. 

 DATE:
____________________ 

We
refer to the equity purchase agreement, dated March 30, 2023 (the Agreement ), entered into by and between Kona Gold
Beverage, Inc. and you. Capitalized terms defined in the Agreement shall, unless otherwise defined herein, have the same meaning when
used herein. 

We
hereby: 

1)
Give you notice that we require you to purchase ____________ Put Shares pursuant to the Agreement; and 

2)
The Initial Purchase Price pursuant to the Agreement is ____________; and 

2)
Certify that, as of the date hereof, the conditions set forth in Section 7.2 of the Agreement are satisfied. 

KONA GOLD
 BEVERAGE, INC. 

By: 

Name: 
 Robert Clark 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 

EXHIBIT
B 

FORM
OF OFFICER S CERTIFICATE 

 OF
KONA GOLD BEVERAGE, INC. 

Pursuant
to Section 7.2(k) of that certain equity purchase agreement, dated March 30, 2023 (the Agreement ), by and between
Kona Gold Beverage, Inc. (the Company and Mast Hill Fund, L.P. (the Investor ), the undersigned,
in his capacity as Chief Executive Officer of the Company, and not in his individual capacity, hereby certifies, as of the date hereof
(such date, the Condition Satisfaction Date ), the following: 

1.
The representations and warranties of the Company are true and correct in all material respects as of the Condition Satisfaction Date
as though made on the Condition Satisfaction Date (except for representations and warranties specifically made as of a particular date)
with respect to all periods, and as to all events and circumstances occurring or existing to and including the Condition Satisfaction
Date, except for any conditions which have temporarily caused any representations or warranties of the Company set forth in the Agreement
to be incorrect and which have been corrected with no continuing impairment to the Company or the Investor; and 

2.
All of the conditions precedent to the obligation of the Investor to purchase Put Shares set forth in the Agreement, including but not
limited to Section 7.2 of the Agreement, have been satisfied as of the Condition Satisfaction Date. 

Capitalized
terms used herein shall have the meanings set forth in the Agreement unless otherwise defined herein. 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF , the undersigned has hereunto affixed his hand as of the ________, 202__. 

By: 

Name: 
 Robert
Clark 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-10.52>

<EX-10.53>
 4
 ex10-53.htm

Exhibit
10.53 

REGISTRATION
RIGHTS AGREEMENT 

This
 REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT (this Agreement ), dated as of March 30, 2023, is entered into by and between
 KONA GOLD BEVERAGE, INC., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), and MAST HILL FUND, L.P., a Delaware
limited partnership (together with it permitted assigns, the Investor ). Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise
defined herein shall have the respective meanings set forth in the equity purchase agreement by and between the parties hereto, dated
as of the date hereof (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Purchase Agreement ). 

WHEREAS: 

The
Company has agreed, upon the terms and subject to the conditions of the Purchase Agreement, to sell to the Investor up to Five Million
Dollars 5,000,000.00) of Put Shares (as defined in the Purchase Agreement) and to induce the Investor to enter into the Purchase Agreement,
the Company has agreed to provide certain registration rights under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations
thereunder, or any similar successor statute (collectively, the Securities Act ), and applicable state securities
laws. 

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the promises and the mutual covenants contained herein and other good and valuable consideration,
the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Company and the Investor hereby agree as follows: 

1.
 DEFINITIONS . 

As
used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings: 

a.
 Investor shall have the meaning set forth above. 

b.
 Person means any individual or entity including but not limited to any corporation, a limited liability company,
an association, a partnership, an organization, a business, an individual, a governmental or political subdivision thereof or a governmental
agency. 

c.
 Register , registered , and registration refer to a registration effected
by preparing and filing one or more registration statements of the Company in compliance with the Securities Act and/or pursuant to Rule
415 under the Securities Act or any successor rule providing for offering securities on a continuous basis Rule 415 ),
and the declaration or ordering of effectiveness of such registration statement(s) by the United States Securities and Exchange Commission
(the SEC ). 

d.
 Registrable Securities means all of the Put Shares which have been, or which may, from time to time be issued, including
without limitation all of the shares of Common Stock which have been issued or will be issued to the Investor under the Purchase Agreement
(without regard to any beneficial ownership limitation or restriction on purchases therein), the Warrant Shares (as defined in the Purchase
Agreement) (the Warrant Shares (without regard to any beneficial ownership limitation therein), and shares of Common
Stock issued to the Investor as a result of any stock split, stock dividend, recapitalization, exchange or similar event or otherwise. 

e.
 Registration Statement means one or more registration statements of the Company covering only the sale of the Registrable
Securities. 

1 

2.
 REGISTRATION . 

a.
 Mandatory Registration. The Company shall, within forty-five (45) calendar days from the date of this Agreement, file with the
SEC an initial Registration Statement covering the maximum number of Registrable Securities (beginning with the Warrant Shares with respect
to Investor) as shall be permitted to be included thereon in accordance with applicable SEC rules, regulations and interpretations so
as to permit the resale of such Registrable Securities by the Investor, including but not limited to under Rule 415 under the Securities
Act at then prevailing market prices (and not fixed prices), subject to the aggregate number of authorized shares of the Company s
Common Stock then available for issuance in its Certificate of Incorporation. The initial Registration Statement shall register only
the Registrable Securities. The Investor and its counsel shall have a reasonable opportunity to review and comment upon such Registration
Statement and any amendment or supplement to such Registration Statement and any related prospectus prior to its filing with the SEC,
and the Company shall give due consideration to all reasonable comments. The Investor shall furnish all information reasonably requested
by the Company for inclusion therein. The Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to have the Registration Statement declared effective
by the SEC within ninety (90) calendar days from the date hereof (or at the earliest possible date if prior to ninety (90) calendar days
from the date hereof), and any amendment declared effective by the SEC at the earliest possible date. The Company shall use reasonable
best efforts to keep the Registration Statement effective, including but not limited to pursuant to Rule 415 promulgated under the Securities
Act and available for the resale by the Investor of all of the Registrable Securities covered thereby at all times until the date on
which the Investor shall have sold all the Registrable Securities and the Maximum Commitment Amount (as defined in the Purchase Agreement)
under the Purchase Agreement has been drawn down by the Company pursuant to a Registration Statement (the Registration Period ).
The Registration Statement (including any amendments or supplements thereto and prospectuses contained therein) shall not contain any
untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein, or necessary to make the statements
therein, in light of the circumstances in which they were made, not misleading. In the event that the Registration Statement becomes
stale, the Company shall immediately file one or more post-effective amendments to obtain an effective Registration Statement. 

b.
 Rule 424 Prospectus . The Company shall, as required by applicable securities regulations, from time to time file (in each case,
at the earliest possible date) with the SEC, pursuant to Rule 424 promulgated under the Securities Act, the prospectus and prospectus
supplements, if any, to be used in connection with sales of the Registrable Securities under the Registration Statement. The Company
shall file such initial prospectus covering the Investor s sale of the Registrable Securities on the same date that the Registration
Statement is declared effective by the SEC. The Investor and its counsel shall have a reasonable opportunity to review and comment upon
such prospectus prior to its filing with the SEC, and the Company shall give due consideration to all such comments. The Investor shall
use its reasonable best efforts to comment upon such prospectus within one (1) Business Day from the date the Investor receives the final
pre-filing version of such prospectus. 

c.
 Sufficient Number of Shares Registered . In the event the number of shares available under the Registration Statement is insufficient
to cover all of the Registrable Securities, the Company shall amend the Registration Statement or file a new Registration Statement (a
 New Registration Statement ), so as to cover all of such Registrable Securities (subject to the limitations set forth
in Section 2(a)) as soon as practicable, but in any event not later than ten (10) Business Days after the necessity therefor arises,
subject to any limits that may be imposed by the SEC pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act. The Company shall use it reasonable
best efforts to cause such amendment and/or New Registration Statement to become effective as soon as practicable following the filing
thereof. In the event that any of the Registrable Securities are not included in the Registration Statement, or have not been included
in any New Registration Statement and the Company files any other registration statement under the Securities Act (other than on Form
S-4, Form S-8, or with respect to other employee related plans or rights offerings) Other Registration Statement then the Company shall include in such Other Registration Statement all of the Registrable Securities that not have been previously registered.
The Company agrees that it shall not file any such Other Registration Statement unless all of the Registrable Securities have been included
in such Other Registration Statement or otherwise have been registered for resale as described above. 

2 

d.
 Offering . If the staff of the SEC (the Staff or the SEC seeks to characterize any offering pursuant to a
Registration Statement filed pursuant to this Agreement as constituting an offering of securities that does not permit such Registration
Statement to become effective and be used for resales by the Investor under Rule 415 at then-prevailing market prices (and not fixed
prices), or if after the filing of the initial Registration Statement with the SEC pursuant to Section 2(a), the Company is otherwise
required by the Staff or the SEC to reduce the number of Registrable Securities included in such initial Registration Statement, then
the Company shall reduce the number of Registrable Securities to be included in such initial Registration Statement (with the prior consent,
which shall not be unreasonably withheld, of the Investor and its legal counsel as to the specific Registrable Securities to be removed
therefrom) until such time as the Staff and the SEC shall so permit such Registration Statement to become effective and be used as aforesaid.
In the event of any reduction in Registrable Securities pursuant to this paragraph, the Company shall file one or more New Registration
Statements in accordance with Section 2(c) until such time as all Registrable Securities have been included in Registration Statements
that have been declared effective and the prospectus contained therein is available for use by the Investor. Notwithstanding any provision
herein or in the Purchase Agreement to the contrary, the Company s obligations to register Registrable Securities (and any related
conditions to the Investor s obligations) shall be qualified as necessary to comport with any requirement of the SEC or the Staff
as addressed in this Section 2(d). 

3.
 RELATED OBLIGATIONS . 

With
respect to the Registration Statement and whenever any Registrable Securities are to be registered pursuant to Section 2 including on
any New Registration Statement, the Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to effect the registration of the Registrable Securities
in accordance with the intended method of disposition thereof and, pursuant thereto, the Company shall have the following obligations: 

a.
The Company shall prepare and file with the SEC such amendments (including post-effective amendments) and supplements to any registration
statement and the prospectus used in connection with such registration statement, which prospectus is to be filed pursuant to Rule 424
promulgated under the Securities Act, as may be necessary to keep the Registration Statement or any New Registration Statement effective
at all times during the Registration Period, and, during such period, comply with the provisions of the Securities Act with respect to
the disposition of all Registrable Securities of the Company covered by the Registration Statement or any New Registration Statement
until such time as all of such Registrable Securities shall have been disposed of in accordance with the intended methods of disposition
by the seller or sellers thereof as set forth in such registration statement. 

b.
The Company shall permit the Investor to review and comment upon the Registration Statement or any New Registration Statement and all
amendments and supplements thereto at least two (2) Business Days prior to their filing with the SEC, and not file any document in a
form to which Investor reasonably objects. The Investor shall use its reasonable best efforts to comment upon the Registration Statement
or any New Registration Statement and any amendments or supplements thereto within two (2) Business Days from the date the Investor receives
the final version thereof. The Company shall furnish to the Investor, without charge any correspondence from the SEC or the staff of
the SEC to the Company or its representatives relating to the Registration Statement or any New Registration Statement. 

3 

c.
Upon request of the Investor, the Company shall furnish to the Investor, (i) promptly after the same is prepared and filed with the SEC,
at least one copy of such registration statement and any amendment(s) thereto, including financial statements and schedules, all documents
incorporated therein by reference and all exhibits, (ii) upon the effectiveness of any registration statement, a copy of the prospectus
included in such registration statement and all amendments and supplements thereto (or such other number of copies as the Investor may
reasonably request) and (iii) such other documents, including copies of any preliminary or final prospectus, as the Investor may reasonably
request from time to time in order to facilitate the disposition of the Registrable Securities owned by the Investor. For the avoidance
of doubt, any filing available to the Investor via the SEC s live EDGAR system shall be deemed furnished to the Investor 
hereunder. 

d.
The Company shall use reasonable best efforts to (i) register and qualify the Registrable Securities covered by a registration statement
under such other securities or blue sky laws of such jurisdictions in the United States as the Investor reasonably requests,
(ii) prepare and file in those jurisdictions, such amendments (including post-effective amendments) and supplements to such registrations
and qualifications as may be necessary to maintain the effectiveness thereof during the Registration Period, (iii) take such other actions
as may be necessary to maintain such registrations and qualifications in effect at all times during the Registration Period, and (iv)
take all other actions reasonably necessary or advisable to qualify the Registrable Securities for sale in such jurisdictions; provided,
however, that the Company shall not be required in connection therewith or as a condition thereto to (x) qualify to do business in any
jurisdiction where it would not otherwise be required to qualify but for this Section 3(d), (y) subject itself to general taxation in
any such jurisdiction, or (z) file a general consent to service of process in any such jurisdiction. The Company shall promptly notify
the Investor who holds Registrable Securities of the receipt by the Company of any notification with respect to the suspension of the
registration or qualification of any of the Registrable Securities for sale under the securities or blue sky laws of any
jurisdiction in the United States or its receipt of actual notice of the initiation or threatening of any proceeding for such purpose. 

e.
As promptly as practicable after becoming aware of such event or facts, the Company shall notify the Investor in writing of the happening
of any event or existence of such facts as a result of which the prospectus included in any registration statement, as then in effect,
includes an untrue statement of a material fact or omits to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make
the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, and promptly prepare a supplement or
amendment to such registration statement to correct such untrue statement or omission, and deliver a copy of such supplement or amendment
to the Investor (or such other number of copies as the Investor may reasonably request). The Company shall also promptly notify the Investor
in writing (i) when a prospectus or any prospectus supplement or post-effective amendment has been filed, and when a registration statement
or any post-effective amendment has become effective (notification of such effectiveness shall be delivered to the Investor by email
on the same day of such effectiveness and by overnight mail), (ii) of any request by the SEC for amendments or supplements to any registration
statement or related prospectus or related information, and (iii) of the Company s reasonable determination that a post-effective
amendment to a registration statement would be appropriate. 

f.
The Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to prevent the issuance of any stop order or other suspension of effectiveness of any
registration statement, or the suspension of the qualification of any Registrable Securities for sale in any jurisdiction and, if such
an order or suspension is issued, to obtain the withdrawal of such order or suspension at the earliest possible moment and to notify
the Investor of the issuance of such order and the resolution thereof or its receipt of actual notice of the initiation or threat of
any proceeding for such purpose. 

4 

g.
The Company shall (i) cause all the Registrable Securities to be listed on each securities exchange on which securities of the same class
or series issued by the Company are then listed, if any, if the listing of such Registrable Securities is then permitted under the rules
of such exchange, or (ii) secure designation and quotation of all the Registrable Securities on the Principal Market (as defined in the
Purchase Agreement). The Company shall pay all fees and expenses in connection with satisfying its obligation under this Section. 

h.
The Company shall cooperate with the Investor to facilitate the timely preparation and delivery of the Registrable Securities (not bearing
any restrictive legend) either by DWAC, DRS, or in certificated form if DWAC or DRS is unavailable, to be offered pursuant to any registration
statement and enable such Registrable Securities to be in such denominations or amounts as the Investor may reasonably request and registered
in such names as the Investor may request. 

i.
The Company shall at all times provide a transfer agent and registrar with respect to its Common Stock. 

j.
If reasonably requested by the Investor, the Company shall (i) immediately incorporate in a prospectus supplement or post-effective amendment
such information as the Investor believes should be included therein relating to the sale and distribution of Registrable Securities,
including, without limitation, information with respect to the number of Registrable Securities being sold, the purchase price being
paid therefor and any other terms of the offering of the Registrable Securities; (ii) make all required filings of such prospectus supplement
or post-effective amendment as soon as practicable upon notification of the matters to be incorporated in such prospectus supplement
or post-effective amendment; and (iii) supplement or make amendments to any registration statement. 

k.
The Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to cause the Registrable Securities covered by any registration statement to be registered
with or approved by such other governmental agencies or authorities as may be necessary to consummate the disposition of such Registrable
Securities. 

l.
Within one (1) Business Day after any registration statement which includes the Registrable Securities is ordered effective by the SEC,
the Company shall deliver, and shall cause legal counsel for the Company to deliver, to the transfer agent for such Registrable Securities
(with copies to the Investor) confirmation that such registration statement has been declared effective by the SEC in the form attached
hereto as Exhibit A . Thereafter, if requested by the Investor at any time, the Company shall require its counsel to deliver to
the Investor a written confirmation whether or not the effectiveness of such registration statement has lapsed at any time for any reason
(including, without limitation, the issuance of a stop order) and whether or not the registration statement is current and available
to the Investor for sale of all of the Registrable Securities. 

m.
The Company shall take all other reasonable actions necessary to expedite and facilitate disposition by the Investor of Registrable Securities
pursuant to any registration statement. 

5 

4.
 OBLIGATIONS OF THE INVESTOR . 

a.
The Company shall notify the Investor in writing of the information the Company reasonably requires from the Investor in connection with
any registration statement hereunder. The Investor shall furnish to the Company such information regarding itself, the Registrable Securities
held by it and the intended method of disposition of the Registrable Securities held by it as shall be reasonably required to effect
the registration of such Registrable Securities and shall execute such documents in connection with such registration as the Company
may reasonably request. 

b.
The Investor agrees to cooperate with the Company as reasonably requested by the Company in connection with the preparation and filing
of any registration statement hereunder. 

c.
The Investor agrees that, upon receipt of any notice from the Company of the happening of any event or existence of facts of the kind
described in Section 3(f) or the first sentence of 3(e), the Investor will immediately discontinue disposition of Registrable Securities
pursuant to any registration statement(s) covering such Registrable Securities until the Investor s receipt of the copies of the
supplemented or amended prospectus contemplated by Section 3(f) or the first sentence of 3(e). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary,
the Company shall cause its transfer agent to promptly deliver shares of Common Stock without any restrictive legend in accordance with
the terms of the Purchase Agreement and Warrant as applicable in connection with any sale of Registrable Securities with respect to which
the Investor has entered into a contract for sale prior to the Investor s receipt of a notice from the Company of the happening
of any event of the kind described in Section 3(f) or the first sentence of Section 3(e) and for which the Investor has not yet settled. 

5.
 EXPENSES OF REGISTRATION . 

All
reasonable expenses, other than sales or brokerage commissions, incurred in connection with registrations, filings or qualifications
pursuant to Sections 2 and 3, including, without limitation, all registration, listing and qualifications fees, printers and accounting
fees, and fees and disbursements of counsel for the Company, shall be paid by the Company. 

6.
 INDEMNIFICATION . 

a.
To the fullest extent permitted by law, the Company will, and hereby does, indemnify, hold harmless and defend the Investor, each Person,
if any, who controls the Investor, the members, the directors, officers, partners, employees, agents, representatives of the Investor
and each Person, if any, who controls the Investor within the meaning of the Securities Act or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended (the Exchange Act (each, an Indemnified Person ), against any losses, claims, damages,
liabilities, judgments, fines, penalties, charges, costs, attorneys fees, amounts paid in settlement or expenses, joint or several,
(collectively, Claims incurred in investigating, preparing or defending any action, claim, suit, inquiry, proceeding,
investigation or appeal taken from the foregoing by or before any court or governmental, administrative or other regulatory agency, body
or the SEC, whether pending or threatened, whether or not an indemnified party is or may be a party thereto Indemnified Damages ),
to which any of them may become subject insofar as such Claims (or actions or proceedings, whether commenced or threatened, in respect
thereof) arise out of or are based upon: (i) any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact in the Registration
Statement, any New Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment thereto or in any filing made in connection with the qualification
of the offering under the securities or other blue sky laws of any jurisdiction in which Registrable Securities are offered Blue Sky Filing ), or the omission or alleged omission to state a material fact required to be stated therein or
necessary to make the statements therein not misleading, (ii) any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained
in the final prospectus (as amended or supplemented, if the Company files any amendment thereof or supplement thereto with the SEC) or
the omission or alleged omission to state therein any material fact necessary to make the statements made therein, in light of the circumstances
under which the statements therein were made, not misleading, (iii) any violation or alleged violation by the Company of the Securities
Act, the Exchange Act, any other law, including, without limitation, any state securities law, or any rule or regulation thereunder relating
to the offer or sale of the Registrable Securities pursuant to the Registration Statement or any New Registration Statement or (iv) any
material violation by the Company of this Agreement (the matters in the foregoing clauses (i) through (iv) being, collectively, Violations ).
The Company shall reimburse each Indemnified Person promptly as such expenses are incurred and are due and payable, for any reasonable
legal fees or other reasonable expenses incurred by them in connection with investigating or defending any such Claim. Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary contained herein, the indemnification agreement contained in this Section 6(a): (i) shall not apply to a Claim
by an Indemnified Person arising out of or based upon a Violation which occurs in reliance upon and in conformity with information about
the Investor furnished in writing to the Company by such Indemnified Person expressly for use in connection with the preparation of the
Registration Statement, any New Registration Statement or any such amendment thereof or supplement thereto, if such prospectus was timely
made available by the Company pursuant to Section 3(c) or Section 3(e); (ii) with respect to any superseded prospectus, shall not inure
to the benefit of any such person from whom the person asserting any such Claim purchased the Registrable Securities that are the subject
thereof (or to the benefit of any person controlling such person) if the untrue statement or omission of material fact contained in the
superseded prospectus was corrected in the revised prospectus, as then amended or supplemented, if such revised prospectus was timely
made available by the Company pursuant to Section 3(c) or Section 3(e), and the Indemnified Person was promptly advised in writing not
to use the incorrect prospectus prior to the use giving rise to a violation and such Indemnified Person, notwithstanding such advice,
used it; (iii) shall not be available to the extent such Claim is based on a failure of the Investor to deliver or to cause to be delivered
the prospectus made available by the Company, if such prospectus was timely made available by the Company pursuant to Section 3(c) or
Section 3(e); and (iv) shall not apply to amounts paid in settlement of any Claim if such settlement is effected without the prior written
consent of the Company, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld. Such indemnity shall remain in full force and effect regardless
of any investigation made by or on behalf of the Indemnified Person and shall survive the transfer of the Registrable Securities by the
Investor pursuant to Section 9. 

6 

b.
Promptly after receipt by an Indemnified Person or Indemnified Party under this Section 6 of notice of the commencement of any action
or proceeding (including any governmental action or proceeding) involving a Claim, such Indemnified Person or Indemnified Party shall,
if a Claim in respect thereof is to be made against any indemnifying party under this Section 6, deliver to the indemnifying party a
written notice of the commencement thereof, and the indemnifying party shall have the right to participate in, and, to the extent the
indemnifying party so desires, jointly with any other indemnifying party similarly noticed, to assume control of the defense thereof
with counsel mutually satisfactory to the indemnifying party and the Indemnified Person or the Indemnified Party, as the case may be;
provided, however, that an Indemnified Person or Indemnified Party shall have the right to retain its own counsel with the fees and expenses
to be paid by the indemnifying party, if, in the reasonable opinion of counsel retained by the indemnifying party, the representation
by such counsel of the Indemnified Person or Indemnified Party and the indemnifying party would be inappropriate due to actual or potential
differing interests between such Indemnified Person or Indemnified Party and any other party represented by such counsel in such proceeding.
The Indemnified Party or Indemnified Person shall cooperate fully with the indemnifying party in connection with any negotiation or defense
of any such action or claim by the indemnifying party and shall furnish to the indemnifying party all information reasonably available
to the Indemnified Party or Indemnified Person which relates to such action or claim. The indemnifying party shall keep the Indemnified
Party or Indemnified Person fully apprised at all times as to the status of the defense or any settlement negotiations with respect thereto.
No indemnifying party shall be liable for any settlement of any action, claim or proceeding effected without its written consent, provided,
however, that the indemnifying party shall not unreasonably withhold, delay or condition its consent. No indemnifying party shall, without
the consent of the Indemnified Party or Indemnified Person, consent to entry of any judgment or enter into any settlement or other compromise
which does not include as an unconditional term thereof the giving by the claimant or plaintiff to such Indemnified Party or Indemnified
Person of a release from all liability in respect to such claim or litigation. Following indemnification as provided for hereunder, the
indemnifying party shall be subrogated to all rights of the Indemnified Party or Indemnified Person with respect to all third parties,
firms or corporations relating to the matter for which indemnification has been made. The failure to deliver written notice to the indemnifying
party within a reasonable time of the commencement of any such action shall not relieve such indemnifying party of any liability to the
Indemnified Person or Indemnified Party under this Section 6, except to the extent that the indemnifying party is prejudiced in its ability
to defend such action. 

c.
The indemnification required by this Section 6 shall be made by periodic payments of the amount thereof during the course of the investigation
or defense, as and when bills are received or Indemnified Damages are incurred. 

d.
The indemnity agreements contained herein shall be in addition to (i) any cause of action or similar right of the Indemnified Party or
Indemnified Person against the indemnifying party or others, and (ii) any liabilities the indemnifying party may be subject to pursuant
to the law. 

7.
 CONTRIBUTION . 

To
the extent any indemnification by an indemnifying party is prohibited or limited by law, the indemnifying party agrees to make the maximum
contribution with respect to any amounts for which it would otherwise be liable under Section 6 to the fullest extent permitted by law;
provided, however, that: (i) no seller of Registrable Securities guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section
11(f) of the Securities Act) shall be entitled to contribution from any seller of Registrable Securities who was not guilty of fraudulent
misrepresentation; and (ii) contribution by any seller of Registrable Securities shall be limited in amount to the net amount of proceeds
received by such seller from the sale of such Registrable Securities. 

8.
 REPORTS AND DISCLOSURE UNDER THE SECURITIES ACTS . 

With
a view to making available to the Investor the benefits of Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act or any other similar rule or
regulation of the SEC that may at any time permit the Investor to sell securities of the Company to the public without registration Rule
144 ), the Company agrees, at the Company s sole expense, to: 

a.
make and keep public information available, as those terms are understood and defined in Rule 144; 

b.
file with the SEC in a timely manner all reports and other documents required of the Company under the Securities Act and the Exchange
Act so long as the Company remains subject to such requirements and the filing of such reports and other documents is required for the
applicable provisions of Rule 144; 

c.
furnish to the Investor so long as the Investor owns Registrable Securities, promptly upon request, (i) a written statement by the Company
that it has complied with the reporting and or disclosure provisions of Rule 144, the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, (ii) a copy
of the most recent annual or quarterly report of the Company and such other reports and documents so filed by the Company, and (iii)
such other information as may be reasonably requested to permit the Investor to sell such securities pursuant to Rule 144 without registration;
and 

7 

d.
take such additional action as is requested by the Investor to enable the Investor to sell the Registrable Securities pursuant to Rule
144, including, without limitation, delivering all such legal opinions, consents, certificates, resolutions and instructions to the Company s
Transfer Agent as may be requested from time to time by the Investor and otherwise fully cooperate with Investor and Investor s
broker to effect such sale of securities pursuant to Rule 144. 

The
Company agrees that damages may be an inadequate remedy for any breach of the terms and provisions of this Section 8 and that Investor
shall, whether or not it is pursuing any remedies at law, be entitled to equitable relief in the form of a preliminary or permanent injunctions,
without having to post any bond or other security, upon any breach or threatened breach of any such terms or provisions. 

9.
 ASSIGNMENT OF REGISTRATION RIGHTS . 

The
Company shall not assign this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the Investor. 

10.
 AMENDMENT OF REGISTRATION RIGHTS . 

No
provision of this Agreement may be amended or waived by the parties from and after the date that is one Business Day immediately preceding
the initial filing of the Registration Statement with the SEC. Subject to the immediately preceding sentence, no provision of this Agreement
may be (i) amended other than by a written instrument signed by both parties hereto or (ii) waived other than in a written instrument
signed by the party against whom enforcement of such waiver is sought. Failure of any party to exercise any right or remedy under this
Agreement or otherwise, or delay by a party in exercising such right or remedy, shall not operate as a waiver thereof. 

11.
 MISCELLANEOUS . 

a.
A Person is deemed to be a holder of Registrable Securities whenever such Person owns or is deemed to own of record such Registrable
Securities. If the Company receives conflicting instructions, notices or elections from two or more Persons with respect to the same
Registrable Securities, the Company shall act upon the basis of instructions, notice or election received from the registered owner of
such Registrable Securities. 

b.
Any notices, consents, waivers or other communications required or permitted to be given under the terms of this Agreement must be in
writing and will be deemed to have been delivered: (i) upon receipt, when delivered personally; (ii) upon receipt, when sent by email
(provided confirmation of transmission is mechanically or electronically generated and kept on file by the sending party); or (iii) one
(1) Business Day after deposit with a nationally recognized overnight delivery service, in each case properly addressed to the party
to receive the same. The addresses for such communications shall be: 

If
to the Company: 

Kona
Gold Beverage, Inc. 

 746
North Drive, Suite A 

 Melbourne,
FL 32934 

 Email:
robert@konagoldbeverage.com 

 Attention:
Robert Clark 

8 

With
a mandatory copy (that shall not constitute notice) to: 

Clark
Hill PLC 

 555
South Flower Street, 24 th Floor 

 Los
Angeles, CA 90071 

 Email:
 rkatz@clarkhill.com 

 Attention:
Randolf Katz 

If
to the Investor: 

Mast
Hill Fund, L.P. 

 48
Parker Road 

 Wellesley,
MA 02482 

 Email:
admin@masthillfund.com 

or
at such other address and/or email address and/or to the attention of such other person as the recipient party has specified by written
notice given to each other party three (3) Business Days prior to the effectiveness of such change. Written confirmation of receipt (A)
given by the recipient of such notice, consent, waiver or other communication, (B) mechanically or electronically generated by the sender s
email account containing the time, date, recipient email address, as applicable, and an image of the first page of such transmission
or (C) provided by a nationally recognized overnight delivery service, shall be rebuttable evidence of personal service, in accordance
with clause (i), (ii) or (iii) above, respectively. 

c.
The corporate laws of the State of Delaware shall govern all issues concerning this Agreement. All other questions concerning the construction,
validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Agreement shall be governed by the internal laws of the State of Delaware, without giving
effect to any choice of law or conflict of law provision or rule (whether of the State of Delaware or any other jurisdictions) that would
cause the application of the laws of any jurisdictions other than the State of Delaware. Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the
exclusive jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware or, to the extent such court does not have subject matter jurisdiction,
the United States District Court for the District of Delaware or, to the extent that neither of the foregoing courts has jurisdiction,
the Superior Court of the State of Delaware, for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction
contemplated hereby or discussed herein, and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any
claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such suit, action or proceeding is brought in an
inconvenient forum or that the venue of such suit, action or proceeding is improper. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service
of process and consents to process being served in any such suit, action or proceeding by mailing a copy thereof to such party at the
address for such notices to it under this Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process
and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any manner permitted by
law. If any provision of this Agreement shall be invalid or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, such invalidity or unenforceability shall
not affect the validity or enforceability of the remainder of this Agreement in that jurisdiction or the validity or enforceability of
any provision of this Agreement in any other jurisdiction. 

9 

d.
This Agreement, the Purchase Agreement, the Warrant, and all other ancillary documentation entered into between the Company and the Investor
therewith constitute the entire agreement between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof. There are
no restrictions, promises, warranties or undertakings, other than those set forth or referred to herein and therein. This Agreement,
the Purchase Agreement, the Warrant, and all other ancillary documentation entered into between the Company and the Investor therewith
supersede all prior agreements and understandings among the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof. 

e.
Subject to the requirements of Section 9, this Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the successors and permitted
assigns of each of the parties hereto. 

f.
The headings in this Agreement are for convenience of reference only and shall not limit or otherwise affect the meaning hereof. 

g.
This Agreement may be executed in identical counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original but all of which shall constitute
one and the same agreement. This Agreement, once executed by a party, may be delivered to the other party hereto by e-mail in a .pdf 
format data file of a copy of this Agreement bearing the signature of the party so delivering this Agreement. 

h.
Each party shall do and perform, or cause to be done and performed, all such further acts and things, and shall execute and deliver all
such other agreements, certificates, instruments and documents, as the other party may reasonably request in order to carry out the intent
and accomplish the purposes of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby. 

i.
The language used in this Agreement will be deemed to be the language chosen by the parties to express their mutual intent and no rules
of strict construction will be applied against any party. 

j.
This Agreement is intended for the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns, and is not for
the benefit of, nor may any provision hereof be enforced by, any other Person. 

10 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Agreement to be duly executed as of day and year first above written. 

THE COMPANY: 

KONA GOLD BEVERAGE, INC. 

By: 

Name:
 
 Robert
 Clark 

Title:
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer 

INVESTOR: 

MAST HILL FUND, L.P. 

By: 

Name: 
 Patrick
 Hassani 

Title:
 
 Chief
 Investment Officer 

[Signature
Page to registration rights agreement] 

11 

EXHIBIT
A 

TO
REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT 

FORM
OF NOTICE OF EFFECTIVENESS 

 OF
REGISTRATION STATEMENT 

______,
2023 

Securities
Transfer Corporation 

 2901
N. Dallas Parkway, Suite 380 

 Plano,
TX 75093 

Re:
Effectiveness of Registration Statement 

Ladies
and Gentlemen: 

We
are counsel to KONA GOLD BEVERAGE, INC. , a Delaware corporation (the Company ), and have represented the Company
in connection with that certain Purchase Agreement, dated as of March 30, 2023 (the Purchase Agreement ), entered
into by and between the Company and Mast Hill Fund, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership (the Investor pursuant
to which the Company has agreed to issue to the Investor shares of the Company s Common Stock, 0.0001 par value (the Common
Stock ), in an amount up to Five Million Dollars 5,000,000.00) (the Put Shares ), in accordance with
the terms of the Purchase Agreement. In connection with the transactions contemplated by the Purchase Agreement, the Company has registered
with the U.S. Securities Exchange Commission the following shares of Common Stock: 

(1)
__________ , which includes the Put Shares to be issued to the Investor upon purchase from the Company by the Investor from time to time
in accordance with the Purchase Agreement and the Warrant Shares (as defined in the Purchase Agreement) (the Warrant Shares ). 

Pursuant
to the Purchase Agreement, the Company also has entered into a registration rights agreement, of even date with the Purchase Agreement
with the Investor (the Registration Rights Agreement pursuant to which the Company agreed, among other things,
to register the Put Shares and Warrant Shares under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ).
In connection with the Company s obligations under the Purchase Agreement and the Registration Rights Agreement, on [_____], 2023,
the Company filed a Registration Statement (File No. 333-[_________]) (the Registration Statement with the Securities
and Exchange Commission (the SEC relating to the resale of the Put Shares and the Warrant Shares. 

In
connection with the foregoing, we advise you that a member of the SEC s staff has advised us by telephone that the SEC has entered
an order declaring the Registration Statement effective under the Securities Act at [_____] [A.M./P.M.] on [__________], 2023 and we
have no knowledge, after telephonic inquiry of a member of the SEC s staff, that any stop order suspending its effectiveness has
been issued or that any proceedings for that purpose are pending before, or threatened by, the SEC and the Put Shares and Warrant Shares
are available for resale under the Securities Act pursuant to the Registration Statement and may be issued without any restrictive legend. 

Very
 truly yours, 

[Company
 Counsel] 

By: 

cc: 
 Mast
 Hill Fund, L.P. 

</EX-10.53>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 ex31-1.htm

EXHIBIT
31.1 

Certification
of Chief Executive Officer 

 Pursuant
to Rule 13a-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

I,
Robert Clark, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of Kona Gold Beverage, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

d) 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an Annual Report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
 financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or
 persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

b) 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 March 31, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Robert Clark 

Robert
 Clark 

President,
 Chief Executive Officer, and Director 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 ex31-2.htm

EXHIBIT
31.2 

Certification
of Chief Financial Officer 

 Pursuant
to Rule 13a-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

I,
Lori Radcliffe, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of Kona Gold Beverage, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

d) 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an Annual Report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
 financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or
 persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

b) 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 March 31, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Lori Radcliffe 

Lori
 Radcliffe 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 ex32-1.htm

EXHIBIT
32.1 

Certifications
of Chief Executive Officer 

 Pursuant
to 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code 

Pursuant
to U.S.C. Section 1350, as created by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned Chief Executive Officer of Kona
Gold Beverage, Inc. (the Company ), does hereby certify, to the best of such officer s knowledge, that: 

1. 
 The
 Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report fully complies with the
 requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2. 
 The
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
 of the Company. 

Date:
 March 31, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Robert Clark 

Robert
 Clark 

President,
 Chief Executive Officer, and Director 

The
certifications set forth above are being furnished as an exhibit solely pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, and
shall not be deemed to be filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, nor shall
they be deemed incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

A
signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting
the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided
to Kona Gold Beverage, Inc., and will be retained by Kona Gold Beverage, Inc., and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission
or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 ex32-2.htm

EXHIBIT
32.2 

Certifications
of Chief Financial Officer 

 Pursuant
to 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code 

Pursuant
to U.S.C. Section 1350, as created by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned Chief Financial Officer of Kona
Gold Beverage, Inc. (the Company ), does hereby certify, to the best of such officer s knowledge, that: 

1. 
 The
 Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report fully complies with the
 requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2. 
 The
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
 of the Company. 

Date:
 March 31, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Lori Radcliffe 

Lori
 Radcliffe 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

The
certifications set forth above are being furnished as an exhibit solely pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, and
shall not be deemed to be filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, nor shall
they be deemed incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

A
signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting
the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided
to Kona Gold Beverage, Inc., and will be retained by Kona Gold Beverage, Inc., and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission
or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 kgkg-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 kgkg-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 kgkg-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 kgkg-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

