<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230228_10-K_edgar_data_1553079_0001628280-23-005414.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>16325246</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>359949</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2272440</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>5707242</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4172012</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3537835</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001628280-23-005414.hdr.sgml : 20230228
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230228113053
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001628280-23-005414
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		102
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230228
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230228

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Empire State Realty OP, L.P.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001553079
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		IRS NUMBER:				454685158
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36106
		FILM NUMBER:		23680863

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		111 WEST 33RD STREET, 12TH FL
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10120
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-850-2600

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		111 WEST 33RD STREET, 12TH FL
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10120

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001628280-23-005414.txt : 20230228

10-K
 1
 esrt-20221231.htm
 10-K

esrt-20221231 

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission File Number: 
 
 (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 
 , 
 , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant's telephone number, including area code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of Each Class Trading Symbol Name of Exchange on Which Registered Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant's executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1 (b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 As of February 24, 2023, there were units of the registrants' Series ES operating partnership units outstanding, units of the Series 60 operating partnership units outstanding, and units of the Series 250 operating partnership units outstanding. 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

EMPIRE STATE REALTY OP, L.P. FORM 10-K TABLE OF CONTENTS PAGE PART I. 1. Business 2 
 1A. Risk Factors 12 
 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 27 
 2. Properties 28 
 3. Legal Proceedings 33 
 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 34 
 PART II. 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholders Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 35 
 6. [Reserved] 37 
 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 38 
 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure about Market Risk 52 
 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 52 
 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 52 
 9A. Controls and Procedures 52 
 9B. Other Information 55 
 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 55 
 PART III 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 55 
 11. Executive Compensation 55 
 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 55 
 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 55 
 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 55 
 PART IV 15. Exhibits, Financial Statements and Schedules 55 
 16. Form 10-K Summary 58 

1 

DEFINITIONS 
 
 "annualized rent" represents annualized base rent and current reimbursement for operating expenses and real estate taxes; 
 
 "formation transactions" means a series of transactions pursuant to which we acquired, substantially concurrently with the completion of the Offering, through a series of contributions and merger transactions, our commercial portfolio of real estate assets which were held by existing entities, the ownership interests in the certain management entities of our predecessor and one development parcel; 
 
 "fully diluted basis" means all outstanding shares of Empire State Realty Trust, Inc.'s Class A common stock at the time indicated plus shares of Class A common stock that may be issuable upon the exchange of operating partnership units on a one-for-one basis and shares of Class A common stock issuable upon the conversion of Class B common stock on a one-for-one basis, which is not the same as the meaning of fully diluted under generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America ("GAAP"); 
 
 "enterprise value" means all outstanding shares of Empire State Realty Trust, Inc.'s Class A common stock at the time indicated plus shares of Class A common stock that may be issuable upon the exchange of operating partnership units on a one-for-one basis and shares of Class A common stock issuable upon the conversion of Class B common stock on a one-for-one basis multiplied by the Class A common share price at December 31, 2022, plus private perpetual preferred units plus consolidated debt at December 31, 2022; 
 
 "Malkin Group means all of the following, as a group: Anthony E. Malkin, Peter L. Malkin and each of their spouses and lineal descendants (including spouses of such descendants), any estates of any of the foregoing, any trusts now or hereafter established for the benefit of any of the foregoing, or any corporation, partnership, limited liability company or other legal entity controlled by Anthony E. Malkin or any permitted successor in such entity for the benefit of any of the foregoing; provided, however that solely with respect to tax protection rights and parties who entered into the contribution agreements with respect to the formation transactions, the Malkin Group shall also include the lineal descendants of Lawrence A. Wien and his spouse (including spouses of such descendants), any estates of the foregoing, any trusts now or hereafter established for the benefit of any of the foregoing, or any corporation, partnership, limited liability company or other legal entity controlled by Anthony E. Malkin for the benefit of the foregoing; 
 
 the "Offering" means the initial public offering of our Class A common stock which was completed on October 7, 2013; 
 
 "our company," "we," "us" and "our" refer to Empire State Realty OP L.P., a Delaware limited partnership, together with its consolidated subsidiaries; 
 
 "securityholder" means a holder of our Series ES, Series 250, Series 60 and Series PR operating partnership units, including those units held by Empire State Realty Trust, Inc.; and 
 
 "traded OP Units" mean our Series ES, Series 250 and Series 60 operating partnership units. 

2 

PART I 
 ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 
 Overview 
 Empire State Realty OP, L.P. is the entity through which Empire State Realty Trust, Inc. ("ESRT"), a self-administered and self-managed real estate investment trust ("REIT") conducts all of its business and owns (either directly or through subsidiaries) substantially all of its assets. We own and manage a well-positioned property portfolio of office, retail and multifamily assets in Manhattan and the greater New York metropolitan area. ESRT owns the Empire State Building, the "World s Most Famous Building", and the newly reimagined Empire State Building Observatory Experience. Empire State Realty Trust, Inc.'s Class A common stock, par value 0.01 per share, is listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol "ESRT." 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, our office and retail portfolio contained 9.7 million rentable square feet of office and retail space, and was 85.2 occupied. Including signed leases not yet commenced, our total office and retail portfolio was 88.6 leased. As of December 31, 2022, we owned 12 office properties (including three long-term ground leasehold interests) encompassing approximately 8.9 million rentable square feet of office space, which were approximately 85.1 occupied or 88.3 leased including signed leases not yet commenced. Nine properties are located in the midtown Manhattan market and encompass approximately 7.6 million rentable square feet of office space, including the Empire State Building. Our Manhattan office properties also contain 0.5 million rentable square feet of premier retail space on their ground floor and/or contiguous levels. Three office properties are located in Fairfield County, Connecticut and Westchester County, New York, encompassing approximately 1.3 million rentable square feet. The majority of the square footage for these three properties is located in densely populated metropolitan communities with immediate access to mass transportation. Additionally, we have entitled land at the Stamford Transportation Center in Stamford, Connecticut, adjacent to one of our office properties, that will support the development of an approximately 0.4 million rentable square foot office building and garage, which we refer to herein as Metro Tower. As of December 31, 2022, our commercial portfolio also included four standalone retail properties located in Manhattan and two standalone retail properties located in the city center of Westport, Connecticut, encompassing 0.2 million rentable square feet in the aggregate. Subsequent to year-end, on February 1, 2023, the two retail properties in Westport, Connecticut were sold. See Item 2. Properties for more information. As of December 31, 2022, our standalone retail properties were 97.6 leased. Additionally, as of December 31, 2022, our portfolio included three multifamily properties located in Manhattan totaling 721 units of which 96.3 were leased. 
 We were organized as a Delaware limited partnership on November 28, 2011. ESRT, as the sole general partner in our company, has responsibility and discretion in the management and control of our company, and our limited partners, in such capacity, have no authority to transact business for, or participate in the management activities of, our company. As of December 31, 2022, ESRT owned approximately 59.4 of our operating partnership units. 
 Business and Growth Strategies 
 Our primary business objectives are to maximize cash flow and total returns to our shareholders and to increase the value of our properties through the pursuit of the following strategies: 
 Lease Space 
 We have a brand that we believe tenants associate with a consistently high level of quality of services, healthy buildings, amenities, maintenance, and tenant installations, with high performance design guidelines for energy efficiency and indoor environmental quality, and long-term financial stability. Through our commitment to brokers, we have developed long- term relationships with a focus to attract high quality potential tenants to our properties. We proactively manage and cultivate our industry relationships and make the most senior members of our management team available to our constituencies. We believe that our consistent, open dialogue with our tenants and brokers enables us to maximize our results. Our focus on performance and long-term perspective allows us to concentrate on the ongoing management of our portfolio, while we concurrently seek opportunities for growth in the future. 
 
 We believe we benefit from the tenant flight to quality trend. Tenants seek a compelling value proposition, and we offer a high-quality experience in high- quality assets at our attractive price point. Our buildings are fully modernized, well-located near mass transit, well-amenitized, and feature industry leadership in energy efficiency and indoor environmental quality, which helps us to draw consistent leasing volumes through cycles. They also have character. The quality of our commercial portfolio contributed to a solid leasing year in 2022 we leased over one million square feet of space and made meaningful absorption progress with a 210 basis point increase in Manhattan office occupancy throughout the year. Additionally, we believe our proactive, service-intensive approach to asset and property management helps increase occupancy and rental rates. 
 3 

We do extensive diligence on our tenants' financial prospects, businesses and business models to determine if we think there is potential to establish long-term relationships in which they will both renew with us and expand over time. Since the Offering, we have completed 258 expansions with existing tenants which total 2.495 million square feet within our portfolio. Our comprehensive building management services and our strong commitment to tenant and broker relationships and satisfaction enable us to negotiate attractive leasing deals, which attracts and retains high credit-quality tenants. We proactively manage our rent roll, foster strong tenant relationships, maintain continuous communication with our tenants, and are responsive to tenant needs. We believe the success of our long-term tenant relationships improves our operating results over time by reducing leasing, marketing and tenant improvement costs, as well as tenant turnover. 
 
 We regularly monitor our properties, perform routine preventive maintenance, and implement capital improvement programs in connection with property redevelopment and life cycle replacement of equipment and systems to protect our investments. We presently self-manage all of our office and retail properties, and we use a third-party property manager to manage our multifamily properties. We proactively manage our office properties and rent rolls to (i) aggregate smaller demised spaces to create large blocks of vacant space in order to attract high credit-quality tenants at higher rental rates, and (ii) create efficient, modern, pre-built offices that can be rented through several lease cycles and attract high credit-quality tenants. We aggressively manage and control operating expenses at all of our properties. In addition, we have made energy efficiency retrofitting and sustainability a portfolio-wide initiative driven by economic return. We pass on cost savings achieved by such improvements to our tenants through lower utility costs and reduced operating expense escalations. We believe these initiatives make our properties more desirable to a broader tenant base than the properties of our competitors. 
 
 Sell Tickets to the Empire State Building Observatory 
 
 The Empire State Building offers panoramic views of New York and neighboring states from its world-famous 86th and 102nd floor observatories. In December 2019, we completed the Observatory s comprehensive, approximately 165 million multi-year reimagination and redevelopment. Prior to the outbreak of COVID-19, the number of visitors to the observatories was approximately 3.8 million and 3.5 million for the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2019, respectively, approximately two-thirds of which were international visitors. During the COVID-19 shutdown, we reprogrammed our Observatory business to operate by reservations only, created a new focus on customer experience and reduction of crowds and lines, with an emphasis on revenue per visitor, and match our hours of operation to the reservations demand. We enhanced health and safety protocols, improved marketing and cross-promotional activities to increase brand awareness, and managed expenses prudently. 
 
 Our efforts have resulted in consistent recovery in Observatory results and we achieved improved results in Observatory revenue and operating income throughout 2022. We had approximately 2.2 million visitors in 2022 as compared to 0.5 million in 2020 and 0.8 million in 2021. Additionally, the Empire State Building Observatory was ranked the # 1 attraction in the U.S. and #3 in the world by Tripadvisor. 
 
 Enhance Shareholder Value 
 
 We enhance shareholder value primarily through the execution of our capital allocation goals, maintenance of our balance sheet flexibility and enhanced transparency and disclosure. As it relates to capital allocation goals we (i) opportunistically recycle our capital, (ii) make selective, value-enhancing acquisitions and (iii) reinvest in our own shares through share repurchases. 
 We are diversified and we believe we will benefit from New York City s recovery from our office, observatory, retail, and multifamily exposure in the city. We have built a dedicated investment function which includes our Chief Investment Officer and a full acquisitions team and positions us to identify potential investment opportunities. We believe our flexible balance sheet, access to capital, and expertise in redevelopment gives us significant flexibility to structure and consummate accretive acquisitions. Since December 2021, we have completed acquisitions of three multifamily properties in Manhattan for a combined 721 units. We have also completed the disposition (or otherwise entered into a contract for sale) of non-core assets in our greater New York metropolitan area portfolio, including office assets in Norwalk, CT, White Plains, NY and Harrison, NY, and retail assets in Westport, Connecticut. See Item 2. Properties for more information. 
 
 For the foreseeable future, we intend to focus our acquisition strategy primarily on NYC office, retail and multifamily properties where we can achieve attractive returns on invested capital. Further, we have a development site, Metro Tower at the Stamford Transportation Center, which is adjacent to our Metro Center property, which we believe to be one of the premier office buildings in Connecticut. All zoning approvals have been obtained to allow development of an approximately 0.4 million rentable square foot office tower and garage. We intend to develop this site when we deem the appropriate combination of market and other conditions are in place. 
 
 In the current financial environment, we believe our well-positioned balance sheet differentiates us in our efforts to attract brokers and new tenants, who look to partner with financially stable landlords which will invest in their customers and maintain high-quality standards at their assets. Our flexible balance sheet has also allowed us to be nimble and repurchase shares as well as recycle capital. 
 4 

Lastly, we introduced guidance for the first time in 2022 to provide investors with enhanced transparency on the earnings trajectory and outlook for our company. 
 
 Achieve Sustainability Goals 
 
 We are recognized as leaders in the real estate industry in energy efficiency in the existing built environment, sustainability, indoor environmental quality, and healthy buildings. We have pioneered certain practices in energy efficiency, beginning in 2007 at the Empire State Building where we partnered with the Clinton Climate Initiative, Johnson Controls Inc., Jones Lang LaSalle and the Rocky Mountain Institute to create and implement a groundbreaking, replicable process for integrating energy efficiency retrofits in the existing built environment. The reduced energy consumption and emissions lower costs for us and our tenants, and we believe creates a competitive advantage for our properties. Since 2009, we have reduced carbon emissions at the Empire State Building by over 54 and across our commercial portfolio by 43 . Our commercial portfolio achieved carbon neutrality as of January 2022 through the purchase of renewable wind electricity for 100 of the commercial portfolio's electrical usage since January 2021 and our support of preservation of forests which offsets 100 of fossil fuel usage. 
 We believe that higher quality tenants in general prioritize sustainability, controlling costs and minimizing contributions to greenhouse gas emissions. As a result of our efforts, as of December 31, 2022 approximately 92 of our commercial portfolio in NYC and 80 of our whole portfolio is ENERGY STAR certified, including the Empire State Building. We have implemented other cost-justified energy efficiency retrofit projects in our Manhattan and greater New York metropolitan area office properties. Based on our calculations, we believe we have no exposure to fines in 2024 through 2029 under New York City's Local Law 97. 
 We presently target net zero emissions for the Empire State Building by 2030 and for the balance of our commercial portfolio by 2035. In 2022, we received the highest possible GRESB (formerly known as Global Real Estate Sustainability Benchmark) rating of 5 stars and were the global, regional, and regional publicly traded sector leader for office. 100 of our commercial portfolio is WELL Health Safety rated, enrolled in WELL at Scale and WELL Equity Rating. 89 of our NYC commercial portfolio is Fitwel certified. In 2022, the Science Based Targets Initiative ("SBTi") Target Validation Team verified that ESRT s emissions reduction targets are in line with a 1.5 degree trajectory, the most ambitious SBTi threshold available. Our sustainability reporting, disclosure, and targets align with GRESB, TCFD, SASB, GRI, SBTi and United Nations Sustainable Development Goals and United Nations Global Compact. 
 
 We are actively involved in leadership roles in our industry with local, state, and federal government policymakers. 
 
 Business Segments 
 Our reportable segments consist of a real estate segment and an observatory segment. Our real estate segment includes all activities related to the ownership, management, operation, acquisition, repositioning and disposition of our commercial and multifamily real estate assets, principally office properties, located in Manhattan and the greater New York metropolitan area. Our observatory segment operates the 86th and 102nd floor observatories at the Empire State Building. These segments are managed separately because each business requires different support infrastructure, provides different services and has dissimilar economic characteristics such as investments needed, stream of revenues and marketing strategies. We account for intersegment sales and rent as if the sales or rent were to third parties at current market prices. This intersegment rent is eliminated upon consolidation. 
 For more information about our segments, refer to Financial Statements-Note 13 Segment Reporting in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Regulation 
 General 
 The properties in our portfolio are subject to various laws, ordinances and regulations, including regulations relating to common areas. We believe each of the existing properties has the necessary permits and approvals to operate its business. 

5 

Americans with Disabilities Act 
 Our properties must comply with Title III of the Americans with Disabilities Act, or ("ADA"), to the extent that such properties are public accommodations as defined by the ADA. The ADA may require removal of structural barriers to access by persons with disabilities in certain public areas of our properties where such removal is readily achievable. We believe the existing properties are in substantial compliance with the ADA and that we will not be required to make substantial capital expenditures to address the requirements of the ADA. However, noncompliance with the ADA could result in imposition of fines or an award of damages to private litigants. The obligation to make readily achievable accommodations is an ongoing one, and we will continue to assess our properties and to make alterations as appropriate in this respect. 
 
 Environmental Matters 
 
 Under various federal, state and/or local laws, ordinances and regulations, as a current or former owner or operator of real property, we may be liable for costs and damages resulting from the presence or release of hazardous substances, waste, or petroleum products at, on, in, under or from such property, including costs for investigation or remediation, natural resource damages, or third party liability for personal injury or property damage. These laws often impose liability without regard to whether the owner or operator knew of, or was responsible for, the presence or release of such materials, and the liability may be joint and several. Some of our properties have been or may be impacted by contamination arising from current or prior uses of the property or adjacent properties for commercial, industrial or other purposes. Such contamination may arise from spills of petroleum or hazardous substances or releases from tanks used to store such materials. We also may be liable for the costs of remediating contamination at off-site disposal or treatment facilities when we arrange for disposal or treatment of hazardous substances at such facilities, without regard to whether we comply with environmental laws in doing so. The presence of contamination or the failure to remediate contamination on our properties may adversely affect our ability to attract and/or retain tenants, and our ability to develop or sell or borrow against those properties. In addition to potential liability for cleanup costs, private plaintiffs may bring claims for personal injury, property damage or for similar reasons. Environmental laws also may create liens on contaminated sites in favor of the government for damages and costs it incurs to address such contamination. Moreover, if contamination is discovered on our properties, environmental laws may impose restrictions on the manner in which that property may be used or how businesses may be operated on that property. 
 
 Some of our properties are adjacent to or near other properties which are used for industrial or commercial purposes or have contained or currently contain underground storage tanks used to store petroleum products or other hazardous or toxic substances. Releases from these properties could impact our properties. In addition, some of our properties have previously been used by former owners or tenants for commercial or industrial activities, e.g., gas stations and dry cleaners, and a portion of the Metro Tower site is currently used for automobile parking and prior fueling facility, that may release petroleum products or other hazardous or toxic substances at such properties or to surrounding properties. While certain properties contain or contained uses that could have or have impacted our properties, we are not aware of any liabilities related to environmental contamination that we believe will have a material adverse effect on our operations. 
 Soil contamination and prior presence of underground storage tanks (UST s) were previously identified at 69-97 Main Street, Westport, Connecticut. Presence of UST s was previously identified at 103-107 Main Street in Westport, Connecticut. A voluntary remediation program was entered into with the Connecticut Department of Environmental Protection (CT DEP) to address residual impacts at the 69-97 Main Street Property and an Environmental Land Use Restriction (ELUR) was imposed on the 69-97 Main Street property to ensure soil is not exposed, excavated or disturbed such that it could create a risk of migration of pollutants or a potential hazard to human health or the environment. ESRT subsequently sought permission from, and permission was granted by, CT DEP to temporarily suspend the ELUR to allow for completion of work at the property including removal of UST s subject to work safety rules. The work was completed and the ELUR reinstated. There exists a consent order issued by CT DEP to investigate soil conditions at the 103-107 Main Street Property. The properties have since been sold and post-closing obligations remain to (i) close out the Voluntary Remediation Program at 69-97 Main Street and (ii) comply with the consent order at 103-107 Main Street. We believe any expenses incurred to close out and comply with the remediation program and consent order, respectively, will be immaterial to the results of our operations. 
 The property situated at 500 Mamaroneck Avenue in Harrison, New York was the subject of a voluntary remedial action work cleanup plan performed by the former owner following its conveyance of title to the present owners under an agreement with the New York State Department of Environmental Conservation, or ("NYDEC"). As a condition to the issuance of a no further action letter, NYDEC required that certain restrictive and affirmative covenants be recorded against the subject property. In substantial part, these include prohibition against construction that would disturb the soil cap isolating certain contaminated subsurface soil, limiting the use of such property to commercial uses, implementing engineering controls to assure that improvements be kept in good condition, not using ground water at the site for potable purposes without treatment, implementing safety procedures for workers to follow excavating at the site to protect their health and safety and 
 6 

filing an annual certification that the controls implemented in accordance with the voluntary remedial action work cleanup plan remain in place. Furthermore, a substantial portion of the site that had been substantially unimproved prior to acquisition may not be further developed. 
 In addition, our properties are subject to various federal, state and local environmental and health and safety laws and regulations. Noncompliance with these environmental and health and safety laws and regulations could subject us or our tenants to liability. These liabilities could affect a tenant s ability to make rental payments to us. Moreover, changes in laws could increase the potential costs of compliance with such laws and regulations or increase liability for noncompliance. This may result in significant unanticipated expenditures or may otherwise materially and adversely affect our operations, or those of our tenants, which could in turn have a material adverse effect on us. We sometimes require our tenants to comply with environmental and health and safety laws and regulations and to indemnify us for any related liabilities in our leases with them. But in the event of the bankruptcy or inability of any of our tenants to satisfy such obligations, we may be required to satisfy such obligations. We are not presently aware of any instances of material non-compliance with environmental or health and safety laws or regulations at our properties, and we believe that we and/or our tenants have all material permits and approvals necessary under current laws and regulations to operate our properties. 
 In addition, we may become subject to new compliance requirements and/or new costs or taxes associated with natural resource or energy usage and related emissions (such as a carbon tax), which could increase our operating costs. In particular, as the owner of large commercial buildings in New York City, we are subject to Local Law 97 passed by the New York City Council in April 2019, which for each such building establishes annual limits for greenhouse gas emissions, requires yearly emissions reports beginning in May 2025, and imposes penalties for emissions above such limits. Based upon our present understanding of the law and calculations related thereto, we expect to pay no fine on any building in our commercial portfolio in the 2024-2029 first period of enforcement. 
 As the owner or operator of real property, we may also incur liability based on various building conditions. For example, buildings and other structures on properties that we currently own or operate or those we acquire or operate in the future contain, may contain, or may have contained, asbestos-containing material, or ACM. Environmental and health and safety laws require that ACM be properly managed and maintained and may impose fines or penalties on owners, operators or employers for non-compliance with those requirements. These requirements include special precautions, such as removal, abatement or air monitoring, if ACM would be disturbed during maintenance, redevelopment or demolition of a building, potentially resulting in substantial costs. In addition, we may be subject to liability for personal injury or property damage sustained as a result of releases of ACM into the environment. We are not presently aware of any material liabilities related to building conditions, including any instances of material non-compliance with asbestos requirements or any material liabilities related to asbestos. 
 Our properties may contain or develop harmful mold or suffer from other indoor air quality issues, which could lead to liability for adverse health effects or property damage or costs for remediation. When excessive moisture accumulates in buildings or on building materials, mold growth may occur, particularly if the moisture problem remains undiscovered or is not addressed over a period of time. Some molds may produce airborne toxins or irritants. Indoor air quality issues can also stem from inadequate ventilation, chemical contamination from indoor or outdoor sources, and other biological contaminants such as pollen, viruses and bacteria. Indoor exposure to airborne toxins or irritants above certain levels can be alleged to cause a variety of adverse health effects and symptoms, including allergic or other reactions. As a result, the presence of significant mold or other airborne contaminants at any of our properties could require us to undertake a costly remediation program to contain or remove the mold or other airborne contaminants from the affected property or increase indoor ventilation. In addition, the presence of significant mold or other airborne contaminants could expose us to liability from our tenants, employees of our tenants or others if property damage or personal injury occurs. We are not presently aware of any material adverse indoor air quality issues at our properties. 
 
 Affordable Housing 
 Certain units in our multifamily properties are designated for lower income households and are therefore subject to supervision and regulation by state and federal governmental authorities regulate affordable housing rental activities. See Risk Factors - Government housing regulations may limit opportunities at the multifamily properties in which we invest, and failure to comply with resident qualification requirements may result in financial penalties or loss of benefits for more information. 
 
 Insurance 
 We carry comprehensive liability, fire, extended coverage, earthquake, terrorism and rental loss insurance covering all of our Manhattan properties and our greater New York metropolitan area properties under a blanket policy. We carry additional 
 7 

all-risk property and business insurance, which includes terrorism insurance, on the Empire State Building through ESRT Captive Insurance Company L.L.C., or ESRT Captive Insurance, our wholly owned captive insurance company. ESRT Captive Insurance covers terrorism insurance for 1.2 billion in losses in excess of 800 million per occurrence suffered by the Empire State Building, providing us with aggregate terrorism coverage of 2 billion at that property. ESRT Captive Insurance fully reinsures the 20 coinsurance under the Terrorism Risk Insurance Program Reauthorization Act of 2015 ("TRIPRA") and the difference between the TRIPRA captive deductible and policy deductible of 100,000 for non-Nuclear, Biological, Chemical and Radiological exposures. We purchased a 50 million limit of Nuclear, Biological, Chemical and Radiological ("NBCR") insurance in excess of a 1.0 million deductible in the commercial insurance market. ESRT Captive Insurance provides NBCR insurance with a limit of 1.95 billion in excess of the 50 million policy. As a result, we remain only liable for the 20 coinsurance under TRIPRA for NBCR exposures within ESRT Captive Insurance, as well as a deductible equal to 20 of ESRT Captive Insurance s prior year s premium. As long as we own ESRT Captive Insurance, we are responsible for ESRT Captive Insurance s liquidity and capital resources, and ESRT Captive Insurance s accounts are part of our consolidated financial statements. If we experience a loss and ESRT Captive Insurance is required to pay under its insurance policy, we would ultimately record the loss to the extent of its required payment. The policies described above cover certified terrorism losses as defined under the Terrorism Risk Insurance Act of 2002 (TRIA) and subsequent extensions. On December 20, 2019, the President of the United States signed into law TRIPRA act of 2019, which extended TRIA through December 31, 2027. TRIA provides for a system of shared public and private compensation for insured losses resulting from acts of terrorism. As a result, the certified terrorism coverage provided by ESRT Captive Insurance is eligible for 80 coinsurance provided by the United States Treasury in excess of a statutorily calculated deductible. ESRT Captive Insurance reinsures 100 of its 20 coinsurance for non-NBCR exposures. The 20 coinsurance on NBCR exposures is retained by ESRT Captive Insurance. 
 
 Reinsurance contracts do not relieve ESRT Captive Insurance from its primary obligations to its policyholders. Additionally, failure of the various reinsurers to honor their obligations could result in significant losses to ESRT Captive Insurance. The reinsurance has been ceded to reinsurers approved by the State of Vermont. ESRT Captive Insurance continually evaluates the reinsurers financial condition by considering published financial stability ratings of the reinsurers and other factors. There can be no assurance that reinsurance will continue to be available to ESRT Captive Insurance to the same extent and at the same cost. ESRT Captive Insurance may choose in the future to reevaluate the use of reinsurance to increase or decrease the amounts of risk it cedes. 
 
 In addition to insurance held through ESRT Captive Insurance described above, we carry terrorism insurance on all of our properties in an amount and with deductibles which we believe are commercially reasonable. 
 
 Our insurance policies include substantial self-insurance portions and significant deductibles and co-payments for certain events, and hurricanes in the United States have affected the availability and price of such insurance. We may discontinue certain insurance coverage on some or all of our properties in the future if the cost of premiums for any of these policies in our judgment exceeds the value of the coverage discounted for the risk of loss. 
 Additionally, we do not carry insurance for certain losses, including, but not limited to, losses caused by war. Furthermore, business interruption insurance due to pandemic level or other public health events may not be readily available at commercially acceptable rates. 
 
 Competition 
 The leasing of real estate is highly competitive in the Manhattan and the greater New York metropolitan markets in which we operate. We compete with numerous acquirers, developers, owners and operators of commercial real estate, many of which own or may seek to acquire or develop properties similar to ours in the same markets in which our properties are located. The principal means of competition are rent charged, location, amenities and services provided and the nature and condition of the facility to be leased. In addition, we face competition from other real estate companies, including other REITs, private real estate funds, domestic and foreign financial institutions, life insurance companies, pension trusts, partnerships, individual investors and others, that may have greater financial resources or access to capital than we do or that are willing to acquire properties in transactions which are more highly leveraged or are less attractive from a financial viewpoint than we are willing to pursue. In addition, competition from new and existing observatories and/or broadcasting operations could have a negative impact on revenues from our observatory operations and/or broadcasting revenues. Adverse impacts on domestic and international travel and changes in foreign currency exchange rates may also decrease demand in the future, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and ability to make distributions to our securityholders. If our competitors offer space at rental rates below current market rates, below the rental rates we currently charge our tenants, in better locations within our markets or in higher quality facilities, we may lose potential tenants and we may be pressured to reduce our rental rates below those we currently charge in order to retain tenants when our tenants leases expire. 
 8 

ESRT's Tax Status as a REIT 
 ESRT elected to be subject to tax as a REIT and has operated in a manner that we believe allows it to qualify as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes commencing with its taxable year ended December 31, 2013. We believe that ESRT has been organized in conformity with the requirements for qualification and taxation as a REIT under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"), and that its intended manner of operation will enable it to continue to meet the requirements for qualification and taxation as a REIT. So long as ESRT qualifies as a REIT, it generally will not be subject to U.S. federal income tax on its net taxable income that ESRT distributes to its security holders. If ESRT fails to qualify as a REIT in any taxable year and does not qualify for certain statutory relief provisions, ESRT will be subject to U.S. federal income tax at regular corporate rates and may be precluded from qualifying as a REIT for the subsequent four taxable years following the year during which it lost its REIT qualification. Even if ESRT qualifies as a REIT, it may be subject to certain U.S. federal, state and local taxes on its income or property. 
 In order to qualify as a REIT, ESRT must distribute to its securityholders, on an annual basis, at least 90 of its REIT taxable income, determined without regard to the deduction for distributions paid and excluding net capital gains. In addition, ESRT will be subject to U.S. federal income tax at the generally applicable corporate tax rate to the extent that it distributes less than 100 of its net taxable income (including net capital gains) and will be subject to a 4 nondeductible excise tax on the amount by which its distributions in any calendar year are less than a minimum amount specified under U.S. federal income tax laws. 
 In addition, to qualify as a REIT, ESRT must ensure that it meets the REIT gross income tests annually and that at the end of each calendar quarter, at least 75 of the value of its total assets consists of cash, cash items, government securities and qualified REIT real estate assets, including certain mortgage loans and certain kinds of mortgage-backed securities. The remainder of its investment in securities (other than government securities, securities of corporations that are treated as Taxable REIT Subsidiaries ("TRSs") and qualified REIT real estate assets) generally cannot include more than 10 of the outstanding voting securities of any one issuer or more than 10 of the total value of the outstanding securities of any one issuer. In addition, in general, no more than 5 of the value of its assets (other than government securities and qualified real estate assets) can consist of the securities of any one issuer, and no more than 20 of the value of its total securities can be represented by securities of one or more TRSs. 
 
 Rents from real property are generally not qualifying income for purposes of the REIT gross income tests if the rent is treated as related party rent. Related party rent generally includes (i) any rent paid by a corporation if the REIT (or any person who owns 10 or more of the stock of the REIT by value) directly or indirectly owns 10 or more of the stock of the corporation by vote or value and (ii) rent paid by a partnership if the REIT (or any person who owns 10 or more of the stock of the REIT by value) directly or indirectly owns an interest of 10 or more in the assets or net profits of the partnership. Under an exception to this rule, related party rent is treated as qualifying income for purposes of the REIT gross income tests if it is paid by a TRS of the REIT and (i) at least 90 of the leased space in the relevant property is rented to persons other than either TRSs or other related parties of the REIT, and (ii) the amounts paid to the REIT as rent from real property are substantially comparable to the rents paid by unrelated tenants of the REIT for comparable space. 
 
 Income from admissions to the Empire State Building observatory, and certain other income generated by the observatory, would not likely be qualifying income for purposes of the REIT gross income tests. We jointly elected with Observatory TRS, which is the current lessee and operator of the observatory and which is wholly owned by our operating partnership, for observatory TRS to be treated as a TRS of ours for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Observatory TRS leases the Empire State Building observatory from the operating partnership pursuant to a lease that provides for fixed base rental payments and variable rental payments equal to certain percentages of Observatory TRS s gross receipts from the operation of the observatory. Given the unique nature of the real estate comprising the observatory, as of the date of such lease, we did not believe that there is any space in the Empire State Building or in the same geographic area as the Empire State Building that is likely to be considered sufficiently comparable to the observatory for the purpose of applying the exception to related party rent described above. We have received from the IRS a private letter ruling that the rent that our operating partnership receives from Observatory TRS pursuant to the lease of the Empire State Building observatory is qualifying income for purposes of the REIT gross income tests so long as such rent reflects the fair market rental value of the Empire State Building observatory as determined by an appraisal rendered by a qualified third party appraiser. 
 
 In addition, we have acquired various license agreements (i) granting certain third party broadcasters the right to use space on the tower on the top of the Empire State Building for certain broadcasting and other communication purposes and (ii) granting certain third party vendors the right to operate concession stands in the observatory. We have received from the IRS a private letter ruling that the license fees that our operating partnership receives under the license agreements described above constitute qualifying income for purposes of the REIT gross income tests. 
 9 

Inflation 
 Substantially all of our leases provide for separate real estate tax and operating expense escalations. In addition, many of the leases provide for fixed base rent increases. We believe inflationary increases may be at least partially offset by the contractual rent increases and expense escalations described above. We do not believe inflation has had a material impact on our historical financial position or results of operations. 
 Seasonality 
 Our observatory business is subject to tourism trends and weather, and therefore does experience some seasonality. Pre-pandemic, approximately 16.0 to 18.0 of our annual observatory revenue was realized in the first quarter, 26.0 to 28.0 was realized in the second quarter, 31.0 to 33.0 was realized in the third quarter, and 23.0 to 25.0 was realized in the fourth quarter. Our multifamily business experiences some seasonality based on general market trends in New York City the winter months (November through January) are slower in terms of lease activity. We seek to mitigate this by staggering lease terms such that lease expirations are matched with seasonal demand. We do not consider the balance of our business to be subject to material seasonal fluctuations. 
 
 Human Capital Management 
 As of December 31, 2022, we employed 667 people, of whom approximately 442 are covered by collective bargaining agreements. We generally have and expect to continue to maintain good relations with our employees and workforce, including those employees covered by collective bargaining agreements. We believe that our success is realized through the attraction, retention, development, engagement and empowerment of the highly valued employees amongst our diverse pool of talent, and we endeavor to set our policies and practices accordingly. 
 
 Diversity and Inclusion 
 
 We execute several dynamic strategies and enlist the guidance of Diversity, Equity and Inclusion ("DE I") industry leaders to foster a workplace community of diverse perspectives and experiences, which we believe enhances the effectiveness of our decision making and innovation. We strive to develop an inclusive and diverse company where employees can bring their whole and authentic selves to their roles. 
 
 We have implemented training and development programs, policies and procedures and transparent public reporting of our progress. We do this because we believe DE I strengthens our workforce and promotes a dynamic, supportive, and productive work environment. 
 
 We also engage our staff in this effort with an employee-led Inclusion Committee, which strives to assist the company to advance and maintain an inclusive and equitable workplace through actionable strategies and measurable goals that ladder up to our overarching company targets. With support from management, human resources, and DE I consultants, the committee drives important communications, events, trainings, and other engagements in an effort to advance our DE I strategy. 
 
 We were selected for inclusion in the Bloomberg Gender Equality Index in 2022 and 2023 and are the first commercial office REIT in the U.S. to join the UN Global Compact as well as commit to the UN's Women's Empowerment Principles. 
 
 We are proud of the strides we have made in the past three years in terms of enhancing the gender and ethnic diversity of our board and management team through the appointment of new directors, and promotions to senior management roles. 
 
 Talent Acquisition and Retention 
 
 We offer what we believe to be generally competitive compensation and benefits. To reward and reinforce participation in the company s outcomes, we also make equity grants to employees. For senior management, we grant such equity annually, with vesting contingent upon (a) the individual s continuing service at the company and/or (b) the company s performance against corporate, ESG and total shareholder return metrics. Other employees may receive shares of stock in the company on multi-year employment anniversaries. 
 
 We strive to attract, hire and retain diverse candidates who meet our high standards. Our retention strategy is based on the effective training and development of, and focus on the total wellness of, our employees as described below. We believe open and honest two-way communication is paramount and we regularly collect employee feedback to understand and improve our employees experiences. As of February 2023, we are Great Place to Work-Certified. 
 
 Training and Development 
 
 10 

We believe continuous learning supports productivity, innovation and retention, as well as personal and professional growth for our employees. We invest in employee training, including certain programs which are mandatory for all employees, and other programs which are voluntary and self-directed on platforms provided by the company. We provided classroom training for our employees in 2022 in addition to on-the-job training. We also regularly review our succession plans for our diverse workforce and create robust developmental action plans to grow our employees. 
 
 Total Wellness (Physical, Mental and Financial) 
 
 We have been recognized for leadership in indoor environmental quality, healthy buildings, retrofit energy efficiency, and sustainability in the built environment. 
 
 We provide robust offerings of activities and seminars throughout the year focused on the total wellness of our employees, including physical health and athletics, mental health, financial acumen, volunteerism, and inter-departmental engagement and recognition. 
 
 Offices 
 Our principal executive offices are located at 111 West 33rd Street, 12th floor, New York, New York 10120.We also have additional regional leasing and property management offices in Manhattan and the greater New York metropolitan area. Our current facilities are adequate for our present and future operations, although we may add or eliminate regional offices, depending upon our future operations. 
 Available Information 
 ESRT, our sole general partner, has a website address at http://www.esrtreit.com. The information found on, or otherwise accessible through, ESRT's website is not incorporated by reference into, and does not form a part of, this Annual Report on Form 10-K or any other report or document ESRT or we file with or furnish to the SEC and ESRT makes available, free of charge, on or through the SEC Filings section of its website, ESRT's and our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and any amendments to such reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), as soon as reasonably practicable after ESRT or we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the SEC. ESRT has also posted on its website the Audit Committee Charter, Compensation and Human Capital Committee Charter, Finance Committee Charter, Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Charter, Corporate Governance Guidelines and Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, which govern its directors, officers and employees. Within the time period required by the SEC, ESRT will post on its website any amendment to its Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and any waiver applicable to its senior financial officers and its executive officers or directors. The SEC maintains an Internet site http://www.sec.gov that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. 
 
 11 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 
 You should carefully consider the following risks, together with all other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, before you decide to retain or make an investment in our securities. These are not the only risks we face. Additional risks currently unknown or deemed immaterial could have a material adverse effect on us and our REIT qualification, which could reduce our share price and cause loss of all or part of your investment. Some items below are forward-looking statements. See Forward-Looking Statements. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Business and Properties 
 
 Risks Related to the COVID-19 Pandemic 
 
 The COVID-19 pandemic had, and any future public health crisis could have, serious adverse effects on our and our tenants businesses, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition, and on local, national, and global economic activity. 
 
 The COVID-19 pandemic impacted the entire U.S., including New York and Connecticut where our properties are located. 
 
 Any future public health crisis could have, significant impacts on how people live, work, and travel in ways that have affected and may in the future affect our properties. 
 
 Recovery from pandemic travel impacts is not yet completed, our visitor volume at the Empire State Building Observatory has not yet fully returned, and we cannot predict when we may achieve visitor volume comparable to 2019 when approximately two-thirds of our visitors were international. During 2020, 2021 and 2022, visitor volume was 0.5 million, 0.8 million and 2.2 million, respectively, compared to 3.5 million in 2019. Additionally, observatory revenue for 2020, 2021 and 2022 was 29.1 million, 41.5 million and 106.0 million, respectively, compared to 128.8 million in 2019. Our change in operations of the Empire State Building Observatory to focus on capacity controls to maximize the customer experience, require reservations to control overcrowding and staffing costs, and our increase of per visitor pricing may cause our 2022 and future observatory results to differ from previous observatory results. 
 
 Amongst the impacts the COVID-19 pandemic had, and any future public health crisis could have, a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition due to, among other factors: 
 
 downturn in national and/or local economies decreases prospects, demand, occupancy and rental rates for our office, 
 multifamily and retail space, all with an adverse impact on the value or price of our assets; 
 
 delays, cost increases and/or cancellations of planned capital projects; 
 
 potential impairment of our ability to comply with existing debt agreements, to pay down, refinance, or extend maturing debt, and to incur new debt; 
 
 changes in the number of domestic and international tourists to our markets; 
 
 volatility and downward pressure on the market price of our Class A common stock and publicly traded partnership 
 units, which may also reduce our access to capital and/or our equity currency for new acquisitions; and 
 
 reduction of our cash flows and our ability to pay dividends, with potential impairment of REIT qualification, and business continuity. 
 
 Risks Relating to Portfolio Concentration 
 
 Our properties are geographically concentrated in New York and Connecticut, and adverse state or local economic or regulatory developments could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flow and financial condition. 
 
 Our commercial portfolio is comprised of properties primarily in Manhattan as well as in Fairfield County, Connecticut and Westchester County, New York. As a result, our business is dependent on the New York City economy in general and the market for office, retail and multifamily space in Manhattan in particular, which exposes us to greater economic and regulatory risks than if we owned a more geographically diverse portfolio. These risks include business layoffs, downsizing, industry slowdowns, and relocations of businesses as well as increases in real estate and other local taxes, and 
 12 

regulatory compliance costs. The current federal tax limits on the deductibility of state and local taxes as well as higher individual tax rate proposals may negatively impact demographic trends in high tax states like New York and Connecticut. 
 
 The threat or occurrence of a terrorist event, particularly in New York City, may materially and adversely affect the value of our properties and our ability to generate cash flow. 
 
 The threat or occurrence of a terrorist event may cause people to relocate from Manhattan and the greater New York metropolitan area to less populated, lower-profile areas. This could trigger a decrease in the demand, occupancy and rental rates for, and materially affect the value of, our properties and our cash flow. Such negative consequences may be even more likely in a high-profile property like the Empire State Building and its observatory. Additionally, a terrorist event could cause insurance premiums at certain of our properties to increase significantly. 
 
 We rely on six properties, in particular the Empire State Building and its Observatory, for a significant portion of our revenue. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, six of our properties together accounted for approximately 72.5 of our portfolio s rental revenues, with the Empire State Building individually accounting for approximately 29.9 . Our revenue and cash available for distribution would be materially and adversely affected if any of these six properties were materially damaged or a significant number of their tenants experienced financial strain leading to lease default or bankruptcy filing. 
 
 Additionally, for fiscal years ended December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022, we derived revenue of approximately 29.1 million, 41.5 million and 106.0 million, respectively from the Empire State Building s observatory operations. Loss of revenue from the observatory, as we have experienced in 2020 through 2022 as a result of the pandemic, has had and can in the future have a material adverse impact on our results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Our five largest tenants represented approximately 15.9 of our total commercial portfolio s annualized rent as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, our five largest tenants together represented approximately 15.9 of our total commercial portfolio s annualized rent, with our largest tenant leasing an aggregate of 0.5 million rentable square feet of office space at one of our office properties, representing approximately 5.2 of our total commercial portfolio rentable square feet and approximately 6.2 of our total commercial portfolio annualized rent. Our significant tenants have in the past, and may in the future, experience financial strain leading to lease default or bankruptcy filing. In such cases, we may not recover our upfront investments in tenant improvement allowances, concessions, and transaction costs like professional fees and commissions. Upon tenant default, we may experience delays and substantial costs in enforcing our rights and protecting our investment. Our business, results of operations, cash flow and financial condition could be materially adversely affected if any of our significant tenants were to suffer a downturn in their business, become insolvent, default under their leases, and/or fail to renew on favorable terms or at all. 
 
 Risks Relating to the Real Estate Market 
 
 A sustained shift away from in-person work environments to remote work, increased use of a hoteling desk layout or a move towards a city hub and suburban spoke geographic model could have an adverse effect on the overall demand for our office and multifamily apartment units. 
 
 Certain remote work practices implemented in reaction to the pandemic are still in place and have shifted employers and employees away from fully in-person work environments, and a more permanent shift of this type could have an adverse effect on the overall demand for our office space. Additionally, with increased employer flexibility to work from home, current and prospective residents may be less likely to live in dense urban centers or multifamily housing like the properties we own. 
 
 These trends and the related effects may continue after the pandemic, which could impair demand and value at our properties. 
 
 Adverse economic and geopolitical conditions impacting the industries of our tenants, in particular the retail industry, could cause reduced demand, rental rates and occupancy for our retail and office space. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, approximately 17.7 of our commercial portfolio s annualized rent was comprised of retail tenants. In recent years, the retail industry has faced reductions in sales revenues and increase in bankruptcies throughout the United States, due to a consumer shift to online shopping, all exacerbated by the pandemic. This has reduced demand for physical retail space especially at street level, which typically commanded the highest rental rates per square foot in office properties. 
 
 The bankruptcy or insolvency of any tenant could result in the termination of such tenant s lease and material losses to us. 
 13 

As we have experienced in the past with the bankruptcy of one of our largest tenants at the time, the occurrence of a tenant bankruptcy or insolvency could diminish or terminate the income we receive from that tenant. The pandemic has increased the number of tenant bankruptcies, where federal law may prohibit us from timely eviction and/or authorize the tenant to terminate its lease(s), with statutory limitations on our recovery of rent due for the remaining lease term. Additionally, a large number of our tenants (measured by number of tenants as opposed to aggregate square footage) are smaller businesses that generally do not have the financial strength of larger corporate tenants. Smaller businesses generally experience a higher rate of failure than large businesses, and their insolvency could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flow and financial condition. 
 
 Competition may impede our ability to attract or retain tenants or re-lease space and we may be required to make rent or other concessions and/or significant capital expenditures to improve our properties in order to retain and attract tenants. 
 
 The leasing of real estate in the greater New York City and its surrounding metropolitan area is highly competitive in rental rates, location, services and property condition. We have seen increased competition from lessors in offering concessions, short term, amenities, indoor environmental quality and sustainability certifications. Increased competition challenges our ability to lease space and maximize our effective rents. 
 
 Upon expiration of leases at our properties and with respect to our current vacant space, we may be required to make rent or other concessions to tenants, accommodate increased requests for renovations, build-to-suit remodeling and other improvements or provide additional services to our tenants. In addition, eight of our existing properties are pre-war office properties, which may require more frequent and costly maintenance to retain existing tenants or attract new tenants than newer properties. Further, our multifamily properties face competition for residents as a result of technology innovation. As a result, and due to the increased competition from lessors in the greater New York City and its surrounding metropolitan area, we have made, and may have to make, significant capital or other expenditures in order to maintain the competitiveness of our properties and renew existing tenants and to attract new tenants. There can be no assurances that any such expenditure would result in higher occupancy, higher rental rates or deter existing tenants from relocating to properties owned by our competitors. If we are unable to match the competition for lack of capital or other reasons, we may fail to attract new tenants or to renew existing tenants. 
 
 We may be unable to renew leases or re-lease vacant space on favorable terms or at all as leases expire. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 1.1 million rentable square feet of vacant space (excluding leases signed but not yet commenced) in our office and retail properties. In addition, leases representing 5.1 and 6.6 of the square footage of the office and retail properties in our commercial portfolio will expire in 2023 and 2024, respectively (including month-to-month leases). We cannot be assured that leases scheduled to expire will be renewed or that our properties will be re-leased at net effective rental rates at or above the current average. 
 
 The short-term nature of multifamily leases exposes us more quickly to the effects of declining market rents, potentially making our revenue more volatile. 
 
 Generally, our multifamily leases are for twelve months or less. If the terms of the renewal or reletting are less favorable than current terms, our business, results of operations, cash flow and financial condition will be negatively affected. Given their short-term lease structure, our multifamily rental revenues are more sensitive to market declines. 
 
 Risks Relating to Our Properties 
 
 We face various risks related to our ground leases, including those arising from breach, expiration and eminent domain proceedings, and we have no permanent economic interest in the land or improvements at such properties. 
 
 Our interests in three of our commercial office properties, 1350 Broadway, 111 West 33rd Street and 1400 Broadway, are ground leases (i.e., long-term leaseholds of the land and the improvements), rather than a fee interest in the land and the improvements. Pursuant to these ground leases, we, as tenant, perform the functions traditionally performed by owners: collect rent from our subtenants, maintain the properties and pay related expenses. We do not have a right to acquire the fee interests in these properties. The ground leases, including unilateral extension rights available to us, expire on July 31, 2050, for 1350 Broadway, December 31, 2063, for 1400 Broadway and June 10, 2077, for 111 West 33rd Street. 
 
 If we are found to be in breach of any of these ground leases, the fee owner may terminate such lease, and we could lose the right to use the properties. In addition, unless we purchase the underlying fee interest in these properties or extend the terms of the ground leases on the current terms, we will lose our right to operate these properties, or continue to operate them at lower profitability. 
 
 14 

Additionally, we will not share in any increase in value of the land or improvements and will not receive any revenue from the property beyond the term of our ground leases. If the government acquires the properties under its eminent domain power, we would only be entitled to a portion of any compensation awarded. It may be more expensive for us to renew our ground leases, to the extent renewal is available at all. 
 
 We are exposed to risks associated with property development. 
 
 We have engaged, continue to engage, and may in the future engage in development activities with respect to our properties (including our Metro Tower potential development site). We own entitled land at the Transportation Center in Stamford, Connecticut that can support the development of an approximately 0.4 million rentable square foot office building and garage. Development subjects us to risks beyond our control, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, including, without limitation, the availability and pricing of financing; availability and timing of zoning and other approvals; occupancy rates and rents; construction costs and delays (whether due to weather, labor conditions, material shortages or otherwise), and timely lease-up. We will fail to recover expenses and management time already incurred if we abandon any then pending development. 
 
 Significant inflation could adversely affect our business and financial results. 
 
 Increased inflation could adversely affect us by increasing costs of properties, development and renovation. In a highly inflationary environment, we may be unable to raise rental rates at or above the rate of inflation, which could reduce our profit margins. In addition, our cost of labor and materials could increase, which could have an adverse impact on our business, results of operations, cash flow or financial condition. While increases in most operating expenses at our properties can be passed on to our office and retail tenants, the terms of some of our leases may limit our ability to charge our tenants for all or a portion of such increased expenses. Our inability to pass on such increased operating expenses may reduce cash flow available to service our debt and make distributions. 
 
 We may not be able to control our operating costs, or our expenses may remain constant or increase even if income from our properties decreases. 
 
 Certain costs associated with real estate investment, such as real estate taxes, insurance and maintenance costs, generally are not reduced when a property is not fully occupied, rental rates decrease or other circumstances cause a reduction in income. The terms of our leases may also limit our ability to charge our tenants for all or a portion of these expenses. Additionally, inflation has impacted and will continue to impact property operating expenses and construction costs. 
 
 We are exposed to risks from third-party property management services. 
 
 While we perform property management services for the majority of our properties, we use a third-party property management company to service our multifamily properties. If such third-party property management company does not perform in accordance with our contractual agreements and desired standards, we could be exposed to additional risks, such as costs and reputational harm. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Non-Real Estate Operations 
 
 The observatory operations at the Empire State Building are not traditional real estate operations, and may be negatively impacted by competition, adverse weather, and changes in tourist trends caused by public health crises, among other factors. 
 
 For fiscal years ending December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022, we derived revenues of approximately 29.1 million, 
 41.5 million and 106.0 million from our observatory operations. Our revenues declined significantly in 2020, 2021 and 2022, compared to 2019, as a result of the pandemic and government mandated closures and a slow ramp-up in visitor volume after reopening in July 2020, in large part due to travel restrictions. We cannot predict when our observatory revenues will return to pre-pandemic levels. Any future health or other economic crises, geopolitical events (including global hostilities) or currency exchange rate fluctuations could negatively impact tourist trends and visitor demand for our observatory, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flow and financial condition. We are also susceptible to reductions in visitor demand due to adverse weather. We compete against existing observatories in New York City at the World Trade Center, Rockefeller Center, Hudson Yards, and One Vanderbilt, all of which may divert visitors and negatively impact our revenue. 
 
 The broadcasting operations at the Empire State Building are not traditional real estate operations, and competition and changes in the broadcasting of signals over air may subject us to additional risks. 
 
 The Empire State Building and its broadcasting mast provide radio and data communications services and support delivery of broadcasting signals to cable and satellite systems and television and radio receivers. We license the use of the broadcasting mast to third-party television and radio broadcasters. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we derived 
 15 

approximately 14.2 million of revenue (excluding tenant reimbursement income) from such broadcasting licenses and related leases, as compared with about 21 million at its peak. Competition from other broadcasting operations has had a negative impact on revenues from our broadcasting operations, and lease renewals have yielded reduced revenue, and higher operating expenses and capital expenditures. Our broadcast licensees also face a range of competition from advances in technologies and alternative methods of content delivery in their respective industries, as well as changes in consumer behavior, which may reduce the demand for over-the-air broadcast licenses. Recent government regulations may materially and adversely affect our broadcast revenue by reducing the demand for broadcast licenses through making more spectrum available for wireless broadband service providers. 
 
 The impairment of a significant portion of goodwill could negatively affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Our balance sheet includes goodwill of approximately 491.5 million at December 31, 2022, consisting primarily of goodwill associated with our acquisition of the controlling interest in Empire State Building Company L.L.C. and 501 Seventh Avenue Associates L.L.C. On an annual basis and whenever circumstances indicate the carrying value or goodwill may be impaired, we are required to assess any such impairment and charge to operating earnings the resulting non-cash impairment. The closure of our observatory due to COVID-19 and continued uncertainty around tourism caused us to perform such an assessment each quarter from the second quarter of 2020 through our annual goodwill testing in October 2022 using a third-party valuation consulting firm. Though we determined no impairment has been necessary, we will continue such assessments when appropriate. See Financial Statements Note 4 Deferred Costs, Acquired Lease Intangibles and Goodwill. An impairment could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Risks Relating to Acquisitions and Dispositions 
 
 We may be unable to identify and successfully complete acquisitions, and even if acquisitions are identified and completed, they may expose us to additional risks. 
 
 We plan to acquire new properties as we are presented with attractive opportunities, but we may face significant competition from other investors, particularly private investors who can incur more leverage. We may incur significant costs and divert management attention in connection with potential acquisitions, including ones that we are unable to complete. If we successfully identify an acquisition target and close the transaction, we may spend more than budgeted to make necessary improvements to the relevant properties and be exposed to unknown liabilities, such as environmental contamination or claims from former tenants, vendors or employees. 
 
 We may acquire properties through tax deferred contribution transactions, which could result in securityholder dilution and limit our ability to sell such assets. 
 
 In the future we may acquire properties through tax deferred contribution transactions in exchange for partnership interests in our operating partnership, which may result in dilution to securityholders, reduction of tax depreciation we could deduct over the tax life of the acquired properties (as compared with an acquisition paid in cash), and requirements to protect the contributors tax deferral through restrictions on our disposition of the acquired properties and/or maintenance and allocation of partnership debt to the contributors to maintain their tax bases. These restrictions could limit our ability to sell an asset at a time, or on terms, that would be favorable absent such restrictions. 
 
 If we are unable to sell, dispose of or refinance one or more properties in the future, we may be unable to realize our investment objectives. 
 
 Real estate investments are relatively difficult to sell quickly. Return of capital and realization of gains from an investment generally will occur upon disposition or refinancing. In addition, the Code imposes restrictions on the ability of a REIT to dispose of properties that are not applicable to other types of real estate companies. We may be unable to realize our investment objectives by sale, other disposition or refinancing at attractive prices within any given period of time. 
 
 We may incur taxable capital gain on the disposition of assets due to the failure of use or compliance with a Section 1031 exchange program. 
 
 From time to time we may dispose of properties in transactions that are intended to qualify as like kind exchanges under Section 1031 of the Code. It is possible that the qualification of a transaction as a like-kind exchange could be successfully challenged and determined to be currently taxable. In such case, our taxable income and earnings and profits would increase. In some circumstances, we may be required to pay additional dividends or, in lieu of that, corporate income tax, possibly including interest and penalties. As a result, we may be required to borrow funds to pay additional dividends or taxes, and any payment of taxes could cause us to have less cash available to distribute to our shareholders. In addition, if a like-kind exchange was later to be determined to be taxable, we may be required to amend our tax returns for the applicable year in question, including any information reports we sent our shareholders. We could also be subject to significant indemnity obligations if the applicable property was subject to a tax protection agreement. 
 16 

Risks Relating to Our Indebtedness and Liquidity 
 
 We may be adversely affected by the discontinuation of London Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR). 
 
 We are subject to interest rate risk under our revolving credit facility and term loans. In July 2017, the Financial Conduct Authority (the regulatory authority over LIBOR) stated that it would phase out LIBOR as a benchmark. In November 2020, the Federal Reserve Board announced that banks must stop writing new USD LIBOR contracts by the end of 2021 and that, no later than June 30, 2023, when USD LIBOR will no longer be published, market participants should amend legacy contracts to use the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR or another alternative reference rate. 
 
 We have amended our existing revolving credit facility and term loans such that they now bear interest at a rate based on SOFR. While we do not expect the discontinuation of USD LIBOR and related transition to affect our ability to borrow or maintain already outstanding borrowings, it could result in higher interest rates and/or payments under our debt agreements. Additionally, the phase-out of USD LIBOR and transition to SOFR may result in disruption to financial markets , which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and adversely affect our ability to obtain future debt on favorable terms. Any changes announced in how SOFR is determined may also result in a sudden or prolonged increase or decrease in reported interest rates. If that were to occur, the levels of interest payments we incur and receive may change. In addition, given the publication of SOFR began in April 2019, the future performance of SOFR cannot be predicted based on its limited historical performance. Since the initial publication of SOFR, changes in SOFR have, on occasion, been more volatile than changes in other benchmark or market rates, which may make the amount of interest we pay on our revolving credit facility and related term loan difficult to predict. In addition, it is possible that SOFR fails to gain widespread market acceptance, which could lead to illiquidity or volatility in interest rates based on SOFR. 
 
 Our debt, the cost of our debt and limitations in our loan documents could adversely affect us. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had total debt outstanding of approximately 2.3 billion inclusive of total mortgages of approximately 901.0 million with no maturity before November 2024. See Financial Statements Note 5 Debt for required payments of our indebtedness. Our organizational documents do not limit the debt we may incur, and we may incur significant additional debt to finance future acquisition and development activities. Our current and potential levels of debt, and the limitations in our loan documents could have significant adverse consequences to our cash flow and our ability to service and refinance our debt. We may be forced to dispose of one or more of our properties, possibly on disadvantageous terms. We may default on our debt obligations, in which case the lenders may accelerate our debt obligations and foreclose on any mortgaged properties. Our default on one debt with cross-default provisions could result in a default on other debt. In addition, our revolving credit facility and related term loan bear interest at a variable rate. We may incur indebtedness in the future that also bears interest at a variable rate or may be required to refinance our debt at higher rates. If any one of these events were to occur, our results of operations, cash flow, financial condition, and ability to service debt and to make distributions could be adversely affected. 
 
 Our debt includes restrictions on our financial and operational flexibility and distributions. 
 
 Our debt instruments may restrict our financial and operational flexibility. For example, our lockbox and cash management agreements may require income from our properties to be deposited directly into lockbox accounts controlled by our lenders from which we receive cash after funding of defined operating and capital costs. As a result, we may be forced to borrow additional funds in order to make distributions. 
 
 Additionally, many of our debt instruments contain financial covenants that impact how we run our business, including required ratios for debt-to-assets, adjusted EBITDA to consolidated fixed charges or debt service. The partnership agreement of our operating partnership may restrict our ability to pay dividends if we fail to pay the cumulative distributions on preferred units. See Part II, Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Liquidity and Capital Resources and Private Perpetual Preferred Units. 
 
 Mortgages expose us to foreclosure and loss of our investment in a mortgaged property. 
 
 Mortgage and other secured debt increases our risk of property losses because defaults may result in foreclosure. For tax purposes, a foreclosure generally is treated as a sale of the property for a purchase price equal to the outstanding debt. If such debt exceeds our tax basis in the property, we will recognize taxable income on foreclosure, but not receive any cash. 
 Foreclosures could also trigger our obligations under tax protection agreements with certain legacy investors to indemnify them for certain taxes upon sale of specific properties where they had embedded phantom taxable income (or the failure to maintain certain levels of indebtedness). See Financial Statements Note 11 Related Party Transactions Tax Protection Agreements. 
 
 17 

High mortgage rates and/or unavailability of mortgage debt may make it difficult for us to finance or refinance properties, which could reduce the number of properties we can acquire, our net income and the amount of cash distributions we can make. 
 
 If mortgage debt is unavailable at reasonable rates, we may not be able to finance the purchase of properties. If we place mortgage debt on properties, we may be unable to refinance the properties when the loans become due comparable terms. This may result in reduced cash flows and hinder our ability to make distributions, and to raise more capital by issuing more stock or by borrowing more money. In addition, to the extent we are unable to refinance loans, we will have fewer debt guarantee opportunities available to offer under our tax protection agreements, which could trigger our related indemnification obligation. 
 
 Our growth depends on external sources of capital that are outside of our control. 
 
 Because of the distribution requirements to maintain our status as a REIT (See Part I, Item 1, Business - Our Tax Status ), we may not be able to fund future capital needs, including any acquisition financing, from operating cash flow and may need to rely on third-party sources. Our access to third-party sources of capital depends, in part, on general economic and market conditions, including the cost and availability of credit, government action or inaction and its effect on the state of the capital markets, the market s perception of our growth potential, as well as our then current financial condition. Absent needed capital, we may not be able to acquire or develop properties when opportunities exist, satisfy our debt obligations or make cash distributions to our securityholders necessary to maintain our qualification as a REIT. 
 
 Risks Relating to Disaster Recovery and Business Continuity 
 
 Natural disasters and physical climate risk could adversely impact our area and business. 
 
 Our properties are concentrated in the New York metropolitan area. Natural disasters, and physical climate risk, including earthquakes, storms, storm surges, tornados, floods, extreme temperatures, and hurricanes, could cause significant damage or limit access to our properties and the surrounding area. Physical climate risk, including rising sea levels and extreme temperature fluctuations, could adversely impact the coastal metropolitan areas in which we operate. These conditions could result in declining demand for our commercial and multifamily properties, compromise our ability to operate the buildings, make insurance less affordable or available, and increase the cost of energy and utilities at our properties. Also, certain of our properties could not be rebuilt to their existing height or size under current land- use laws. In that event, we may have to upgrade such property to meet code requirements. Our disaster recovery and business continuity plans may not be adequate to address these risks. 
 
 Some of our potential losses may not be covered by insurance. 
 
 Our insurance may not be adequate to cover all losses to which we are subject. Business interruption insurance generally does not include coverage for damages from a pandemic, although certain third parties have claimed such coverage in litigation, which we continue to monitor. In addition, our insurance policies include substantial self-insurance and deductibles and co-payments for certain events. See Part I, Item 1, Business Insurance. If we experience a loss that is uninsured or exceeds our policy limits, we could incur significant costs and loss of capital or property. If the damaged property is subject to recourse debt, we would continue to be liable for the debt, regardless of the property condition. Our debt instruments contain customary covenants to maintain insurance, including terrorism insurance. While we do not believe it is likely, our lenders or ground lessors could take the position that a total or partial exclusion for losses due to terrorist acts is a breach that would accelerate debt repayment or recapture ground lease positions. In addition, if they were to prevail in requiring additional coverage, it could result in substantially higher premiums. In the future, we may be unable to obtain insurance with insurers that satisfy the rating requirements in our agreements, which could give rise to a default under such agreements and/or impair our ability to refinance. 
 
 We may incur significant costs to comply with environmental laws, and environmental contamination may impair our ability to lease and/or sell real estate. 
 
 Our properties are subject to various laws and regulations concerning protection of the environment, including air and water quality, hazardous substances, and health and safety. Some of our properties, or adjacent properties, have previously been used by former owners or tenants for commercial or industrial activities (e.g., gas stations, underground storage tanks, and dry cleaners), and a portion of the Metro Tower site is currently used for automobile parking and fueling, which may release hazardous substances. The presence of contamination or the failure to remediate contamination at any of our properties may subject us to fines and impair our ability to sell, lease or finance them. 
 
 If contamination is discovered on our properties, environmental laws may restrict use or operations. For example, we have restrictions imposed on site work done at our 500 Mamaroneck property required by the New York State Department of 
 18 

Environmental Control. Other laws and regulations govern indoor and outdoor air and water quality including abatement or removal of asbestos-containing materials, lead paint, and electrical equipment containing polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs). We are also subject to risks associated with human exposure to chemical or biological contaminants such as molds, pollens, viruses and bacteria, which may cause adverse health effects. Our predecessors may be subject to similar liabilities for past activities. We could incur fines and be liable for the costs of remedial action with respect to the foregoing. We sometimes require our tenants to comply with environmental and health and safety laws and regulations and to indemnify us for any related liabilities in our leases with them. But in the event of the bankruptcy or inability of any of our tenants to satisfy such obligations, we may be required to satisfy such obligations. 
 
 We acquire real estate from time to time, which carries the risk that a property we acquire may subject us to potential environmental liability as a result of the condition of the land or actions taken on the property before we acquired it. This potential environmental liability may be unknown to us at the time we acquire the property and as a result can be impossible to predict. 
 
 We may incur significant costs to comply with environmental laws, in particular New York City s Local Law 97. 
 
 We may become subject to new compliance requirements and/or new costs or taxes associated with natural resource or energy or utility usage and related emissions (such as a carbon tax ), which could increase our operating costs. In particular, as the owner of large commercial and multifamily buildings in New York City, we are subject to Local Law 97 passed by the New York City Council in April 2019, which for each such building establishes annual limits for greenhouse gas emissions, requires yearly emissions reports beginning in May 2025 for full calendar year 2024, and imposes penalties for emissions above such limits. While we are actively working to reduce our carbon emissions, there can be no assurance that we will be able to operate within the limits of Local Law 97, or that the costs of compliance and/or penalties will not be material. Based upon our present understanding of the law and calculations related thereto, we expect to pay no fine on any building in our commercial portfolio in the 2024-2029 first period of enforcement. 
 
 Risks Relating to Human Capital Management 
 
 The departure of any of our key personnel could materially and adversely affect us. 
 
 Our success depends on the efforts of key personnel, particularly Anthony E. Malkin, our Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, whose leadership and national industry reputation benefits us in many ways. He has led the acquisition, operation and repositioning of our assets for more than two decades. Other members of our senior management team also have strong industry reputations and experience, which aid us in attracting, identifying and taking advantage of opportunities. The loss of the services of one or more members of our senior management team could materially and adversely affect us. 
 
 Our Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer has outside business interests that take his time and attention away from us, which could materially and adversely affect us. 
 
 Under his employment agreement, Mr. Malkin has agreed to (a) devote a majority of his business time and attention to our business and (b) during, and for a time after, his employment with us to refrain from competition with us. Mr. Malkin is also permitted to devote time to his other investments to the extent such activities do not materially interfere with the performance of his duties to us. He owns interests in properties and businesses, including properties and businesses that were not contributed to us in the formation transactions, some of which are now supervised by our company. As a result, Mr. Malkin and his affiliates have had, and may in the future have, management and fiduciary obligations that could conflict with his responsibilities to our company. For example, in February 2023 we closed on the disposition of our retail assets located at 69-97 and 103-107 Main Street in Westport, Connecticut, to an entity affiliated with Mr. Malkin. See Financial Statements Note 11 Related Party Transactions for further information. We may choose to moderate or omit enforcement of our rights under his employment agreement to maintain our relationship with him given his knowledge of our business, relationships with our customers, and significant equity ownership in us, and this could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 
 Our failure to maintain satisfactory labor relations could materially and adversely affect us. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we have collective bargaining agreements that cover 442 employees, or 66 of our workforce, that service our portfolio. Our inability to negotiate acceptable renewals as existing agreements expire could result in strikes or work stoppages and disrupt our operations. In any such event for any extended period of time, we would likely engage temporary replacement workers, which would result in increased operating costs. 
 
 Risks Relating to Legal Compliance, ESG and Cybersecurity 
 
 We face risks associated with our tenants being designated Prohibited Persons by OFAC and similar requirements. 
 
 19 

The Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U. S. Department of the Treasury OFAC maintains a list of persons designated as terrorists or who are otherwise blocked or banned Prohibited Persons from conducting business or engaging in transactions in the U. S. and thereby restricts our doing business with such persons. In addition, our leases, loans and other agreements may require us to comply with OFAC and related requirements, and any failure to do so may result in a breach of such agreements. If a tenant or other party with whom we conduct business is designated a Prohibited Person, we may be required to terminate the arrangement or face penalties. Any such termination could result in a loss of revenue or otherwise negatively affect our business. 
 
 We may incur significant costs complying with the ADA and similar laws. 
 
 Under the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 (the ADA ), all public accommodations must meet federal requirements related to access and use by disabled persons. We have incurred and could again in the future be required to incur costs to bring any non-compliant property into compliance and to make modifications to our properties upon any renovation, any of which could involve substantial costs and material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 We may become subject to litigation, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition. 
 
 In the past we have been, and in the future we may become, subject to litigation, including claims relating to our operations, offerings, and otherwise in the ordinary course of business. Some of these claims may result in significant defense costs and potentially significant judgments against us, some of which are not, or cannot be, insured against. We generally intend to defend ourselves vigorously; however, we cannot be certain of the ultimate outcomes of any claims that may arise in the future. Certain litigation or its resolution may affect the availability or cost of our insurance coverage, which could adversely impact our financial condition, expose us to increased uninsured risks, and/or adversely impact our ability to attract officers and directors. See Financial Statements Note 9 Commitments and Contingencies. 
 
 Increasing attention to ESG matters may impact our business. 
 
 Increasing attention to ESG matters, including those related to climate change and sustainability, and increasing societal, investor and legislative pressure on companies to address ESG matters may result in increased costs, greater litigation risks, negative impacts on our access to capital markets, and damage to our reputation. For example, policy and other responses to climate change, such as climate and energy legislation and carbon mandates, enhanced environmental reporting requirements, increasingly stringent building and energy codes, as well as technology and market changes from the transition to a low-carbon economy has and may continue to impact our business and results of operations. 
 
 In addition, organizations that provide information to investors on corporate governance and related matters have developed ratings processes for evaluating companies on their approach to ESG matters, including climate change and transitional and physical climate-related risks. Such ratings are used by some investors to inform their investment and voting decisions. Unfavorable ESG ratings may lead to negative investor sentiment toward us and to the diversion of investment to other industries, which could have a negative impact on our stock price and our access to and costs of capital. 
 
 We publicly announced our achievement of carbon neutrality in 2022 and our commitment to a 2030 net zero carbon emissions target for the Empire State Building and a 2035 net zero carbon emissions target for the balance of our office portfolio, defined as the goal of 80 operational emissions reduction in partnership with the grid. We have implemented numerous comprehensive sustainability-focused initiatives focused on energy, emissions, water, and waste reduction along with indoor environmental quality, well-being, and healthy buildings. These aspirations, targets and objectives reflect our current plans and aspirations and are not guarantees that we will be able to achieve them. In addition, these efforts are impacted by our tenants willingness and ability to collaborate in reporting ESG metrics and meeting ESG goals. Our efforts to accomplish and accurately report on these goals and objectives present operational, regulatory, reputational, financial, legal, and other risks, any of which could have a material negative impact on us, including on our reputation and stock price. 
 
 The standards for tracking, rating, and reporting on ESG matters are relatively new, have not been harmonized and continue to evolve rapidly at a global scale. Our selection of disclosure frameworks that seek to align with various voluntary reporting standards may change from time to time and may result in a lack of comparative data from period to period. In addition, our processes and controls may not always align with evolving voluntary standards for identifying, measuring, and reporting ESG metrics, our interpretation of reporting standards may differ from those of others, and such standards may change over time, any of which could result in significant revisions to our goals or reported progress in achieving such goals. Our failure or perceived failure to pursue or fulfill our announced aspirations and targets or to satisfy various reporting standards within the timelines we announce, or at all, could have a negative impact on investor sentiment, ratings outcomes for evaluating our approach to ESG matters, stock price, and cost of capital and expose us to government enforcement actions and private litigation, among other possible material adverse impacts. 
 
 Cyberattacks and any failure to comply with related laws could negatively impact us. 
 20 

We rely extensively on technology, both internal and outsourced, to process transactions and manage our business, making our business increasingly at risk from cyberattacks, which continue to increase in number, intensity and sophistication, including malware, ransomware, computer viruses, phishing, unauthorized access, and other vectors used by hackers, terrorists, foreign governments, and other actors. Cyberattacks on our company have included and could in the future include internal and external attempts to gain unauthorized access to our data and computer systems to disrupt our operations or the operations of our tenants, destroy property, or steal confidential information. There is no guarantee that our controls or measures to prevent or mitigate such attacks will be successful. A cyberattack could compromise the confidential information of our employees, tenants, customers and vendors, and disrupt our business operations and relationships. Such a security breach could require us to expend significant resources to remedy any damages that result. Additionally, such a breach may subject us to litigation, damages, penalties, fines, governmental investigations and enforcement actions or termination of leases. These consequences could damage our reputation with tenants and investors, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 
 Any compromise of our security could also result in a violation of applicable privacy (e.g., observatory customer data, company employee data, or residential data at multifamily properties) and other laws, which could result in negative legal consequences as well as significant damage to our financial condition, reputation, business, records, and confidence of our business partners in our business relationships. New laws and regulations related to data privacy and security pose increasingly complex compliance challenges and costs across multiple jurisdictions, which could negatively impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 The adoption of, or changes, in rent control or rent stabilization regulations and eviction regulations in our markets could have an adverse effect on our operations and property values. 
 
 A growing number of state and local governments have enacted and may continue to consider enacting and/or expanding rent control or rent stabilization regulations, which have limited and could continue to limit in broadening ways our ability to raise rents or charge certain fees, either of which could have a retroactive effect. We continue to see increases in governments considering or being urged by advocacy groups to consider rent forgiveness, rent control or rent stabilization regulations or expand coverage of existing regulations in our markets. These regulations may also make changes to and/or expand eviction and other tenants rights regulations that may limit our ability to enforce residents or tenants contractual rental obligations (such as eviction moratoriums), pursue collections or charge certain fees, which could have an adverse impact on our operations and property values. 
 
 Government housing regulations may limit opportunities at the multifamily properties in which we invest, and failure to comply with resident qualification requirements may result in financial penalties or loss of benefits. 
 
 We own, and may acquire additional equity interests in properties that benefit from governmental programs intended to provide housing to individuals with low or moderate incomes. These governmental programs typically provide mortgage insurance, favorable financing terms, tax credits or rental assistance payments to property owners. As a condition of the receipt of assistance under these programs, the properties must comply with various requirements, which typically limit rents to pre- approved amounts and impose restrictions on resident incomes. Failure to comply with these requirements and restrictions may result in financial penalties or loss of benefits. In addition, we will typically need to obtain the approval of the applicable government agency in order to acquire or dispose of a significant interest in or manage such property. We may not always receive such approval. 
 
 Risks Related to ESRT's REIT Status, Our Organization and Structure 
 
 If we are treated as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes, we will be subject to entity-level U.S. federal income tax, and ESRT will cease to qualify as a REIT. 
 
 We believe we qualify as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes and as such are generally not subject to U.S. federal income tax on our income. Instead, each of our securityholders, including ESRT, is required to include in income its allocable share of our income. We are treated as a publicly traded partnership under the Code and accordingly will be treated and taxed as such a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes unless we meet certain requirements, in particular, that at least 90 of our gross income be derived from qualifying sources income, which generally includes rental income, interest, dividends, and other income from passive sources. We believe we satisfy this test, but the IRS could challenge us. If the IRS were successful in treating us as a corporation, we would be subject to U.S. federal, state and local corporate income tax, which would significantly reduce our cash available to pay debt service and distributions, could have adverse tax consequences on holders of OP units, and would disqualify ESRT from REIT status. 
 
 You may be allocated more taxable income than the distributions you receive from us. 
 
 So long as we remain eligible to be treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes, we generally are not subject to U.S. federal income tax. Rather, each holder of our OP units is required to take into account its allocable share of items of our income, gain, loss, deduction and credit for our taxable year ending within or with the taxable year of such holder in computing such holder's U.S. federal income tax liability, regardless of whether the holder has received any distributions 
 21 

from us. It is possible that the tax liability of such holder could exceed our cash distributions to such holder for the year, thus requiring an out-of-pocket tax payment by the holder. 
 
 Your ability to deduct certain losses allocated from us may be subject to limitations. 
 
 Your ability to utilize any tax losses or deductions generated by us may be limited under the at risk limitation in Section 465 of the Code, the passive activity loss limitation in Section 469 of the Code, the basis limitation of Section 704(d) of the Code, the suspension of miscellaneous itemized deductions in Section 67 of the Code, the limitation on excess business losses in Section 461 of the Code, and/or other provisions of the Code. These limitations may, among other things, prevent a holder from utilizing allocations of loss and deduction from us against income from other sources. The passive activity loss rules are applied separately with respect to items of income and loss of each partnership held by a holder. Furthermore, your ability to utilize certain specific items of deduction may be limited under certain provisions of the Code. The application of these limitations depends on the exact nature of our current and future operations and the individual tax positions of such holders. Holders of OP units should consult with their tax advisor regarding these provisions. 
 
 Participants may recognize taxable gain resulting from a reduction in their allocable share of our liabilities. 
 
 We may elect to pay down our secured debt or refinance such debt with unsecured debt, which may reduce the amount of our liabilities allocable to a holder of OP units. In addition, certain commitments in ESRT s tax protection agreements could reduce the share of liabilities available to be allocated to holders of OP units due to our obligation to offer to the tax-protected parties opportunities to guarantee certain debt. Over time, depreciation, capital improvements and debt amortization and repayment, among other things, may also reduce the share of our liabilities allocated to a holder of OP units. Any such reductions in the share of our liabilities that exceeds the holder's U.S. federal income tax basis in its OP units is treated as taxable gain from sale or exchange of such units. Holders of our OP units should consult their tax advisors with regard to the foregoing. 
 
 Failure of ESRT to qualify as a REIT would have a material adverse effect on us. 
 
 We must rely on ESRT, as our general partner, to manage our affairs and business. ESRT is subject to certain risks that may affect its financial and other conditions, including particularly adverse consequences if it fails to qualify as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes. ESRT's qualification as a REIT is governed by highly technical and complex provisions of the Code for which there are only limited judicial or administrative interpretations and depends on various facts and circumstances that are not entirely within its control. In addition, legislation, new regulations, administrative interpretations or court decisions may significantly change the relevant tax laws and/or the U.S. federal income tax consequences of qualifying as a REIT. Thus, while we and ESRT intend to operate so that ESRT will qualify as a REIT, there can be no assurance that ESRT will so qualify for any particular year. These considerations also might restrict the types of assets that we can acquire in the future. If, with respect to any taxable year, ESRT fails to maintain its qualification as a REIT and does not qualify under statutory relief provisions, it could not deduct distributions to shareholders in computing its taxable income and would have to pay U.S. federal income tax on its taxable income at regular corporate rates and thus reduce funds available for distribution and debt service, and ESRT would not be required to make distributions until it re-qualified as a REIT which would not be permitted for the four taxable years following its disqualification, unless it gained relief under relevant statutory provisions. 
 
 To enable ESRT to comply with REIT requirements, we may have to forego and/or liquidate attractive investments. 
 
 To qualify as a REIT (and avoid certain taxes to which it would be subject notwithstanding its status as a REIT), ESRT must meet, on an ongoing basis, certain tests regarding the nature and diversification of its assets and its income. Because substantially all of ESRT's assets consists of our OP units, and substantially all of ESRT's income consists of income allocations with respect to such units, ESRT's ability to satisfy these tests will depend on the composition of our assets and income. Similarly, in order to be treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes, we must meet certain annual tests relating to the sources of our gross income. In order to meet these tests and to allow ESRT to meet these tests, we may be required to forego investments that we otherwise would make or to liquidate from our commercial portfolio otherwise attractive investments. In addition, we may be required to make distributions to ESRT at disadvantageous times or when we do not have funds readily available for distribution. These actions could have the effect of reducing our income and amounts available for 
 distribution to our securityholders. 
 
 To allow ESRT to comply with REIT distribution requirements, we may be required to borrow funds during unfavorable market conditions or may be subject to tax. 
 
 ESRT intends to distribute its net income to securityholders in a manner intended to satisfy the REIT 90 distribution requirement (See Part I, Item 1, Business Our Tax Status and to avoid U.S. federal income tax and the 4 nondeductible excise tax. Our partnership agreement provides that we will make sufficient distributions to ESRT to enable it to satisfy these 
 22 

distribution requirements. Any failure to do so will incur substantial entity level tax and/or disqualification as a REIT with the adverse tax consequences and limits on re-qualification described above in this Risk Factors section. 
 
 In addition, our taxable income may exceed our net income as determined by GAAP because, for example, realized capital losses will be deducted in determining our GAAP net income, but may not be deductible in computing our taxable income. In addition, we may incur nondeductible capital expenditures or be required to make debt or amortization payments, or the effect of limitations on interest (subject to an exception for an electing real property trade or business) and net operating loss deductibility under the current law, could cause our taxable income to exceed our net income as determined by GAAP. As a result, we may generate less cash flow than taxable income in a particular year and be required to use cash reserves, incur debt or liquidate assets at rates or times that we regard as unfavorable in order to allow ESRT to satisfy such REIT requirements and avoid such taxes. 
 
 S pecific transactions or tax elections may cause you to recognize gain or otherwise affect your investment. 
 
 As a general matter, per the terms of our partnership agreement, ESRT is not required to take into account tax consequences to the other holders of OP units other than ESRT in deciding whether to cause us to undertake specific transactions or make tax elections that could cause you to recognize gain. Consequently, we could enter into transactions that result in additional taxable income allocations to you at any time, and your share of our liabilities could be reduced at any time. 
 
 We cannot match the transferor of particular Series 60, Series 250, or Series ES OP units with each transferee of such OP units, so we have adopted certain income tax accounting positions that could subject us to challenge by the IRS. 
 
 Because we cannot match the transferor of particular Series 60, Series 250, or Series ES OP units with each transferee of such OP units, we have adopted certain depreciation, amortization and other tax accounting positions that may not conform with all aspects of existing Treasury Regulations. A successful challenge to those positions could adversely affect the amount of tax benefit available or taxable income allocated to holders of such operating partnership units. It also could affect the timing of certain tax benefits or the amount of gain on the sale of such OP units and could have a negative impact on their value or result in audits of and adjustments to the tax returns of holders of such units. In addition, our taxable income and losses are determined and apportioned among investors using conventions we regard as consistent with applicable law. As a result, if you transfer your OP units, you may be allocated income, gain, loss and deduction realized by us after the date of transfer. 
 Similarly, a transferee may be allocated income, gain, loss and deduction realized by us prior to the date of the transfer and, in certain circumstances, even if such a transferee receives no distributions. A transferee may also bear the cost of withholding tax imposed with respect to income allocated to a transferor through a reduction in the cash distributed to the transferee. 
 
 If we are unable to continue to lease the Empire State Building observatory to a TRS or to maintain our broadcast licenses, in each case in a manner consistent with the IRS ruling that ESRT has received, we would be required to restructure our operations in a manner that could adversely affect the value of our OP units. 
 
 To treat income from our observatory and broadcast facilities as qualified REIT income, we rely upon private letter rulings that such income is qualifying rent for our REIT qualification. (See Part I, Item 1, Business Our Tax Status ). We are entitled to rely upon these private letter rulings only to the extent that we did not misstate or omit a material fact in the ruling request and that we continue to operate in accordance with the material facts described in such request, and no assurance can be given that we will always be able to do so. If we were not able to treat the rent that our company receives from observatory TRS as qualifying income for purposes of the REIT gross income tests applicable to ESRT, we would be required to restructure the manner in which we operate the observatory, which would likely require us to cede operating control of the observatory by leasing the observatory to an affiliate or third-party operator. If we were not able to treat the license fees that our company will receive from the license agreements described above as qualifying income for purposes of the REIT gross income tests, we would be required to enter into the license agreements described above through a TRS, which would cause the license fees to be subject to U.S. federal income tax and accordingly reduce the amount of our cash flow available to be distributed to our securityholders. In either case, if we are not able to appropriately restructure our operations in a timely manner, we would likely realize significant income that does not qualify for the REIT gross income tests, which could cause ESRT to fail to qualify as a REIT. 
 
 Our state and local taxes could increase due to property tax rate changes, reassessment and/or changes in state and local tax laws, which could materially and adversely affect us. 
 
 We are required to pay state and local taxes on our properties. From time to time changes in state and local tax laws or regulations are enacted, which may result in an increase in our tax liability. A shortfall in tax revenues for states and municipalities in which we operate may lead to an increase in the frequency and size of such changes. In particular, the federal government has recently limited the ability of individuals to deduct state and local taxes on their federal tax returns, potentially leading many high-tax states to make significant changes to their own state and local tax laws. In addition, the pandemic has left many state and local governments with reduced tax revenue, which may lead such governments to increase taxes or otherwise make significant changes to their state and local tax laws. If such changes occur, we may be required to pay additional taxes on our assets or income. The real property taxes on our properties may increase as property tax rates change or as our properties are assessed or reassessed by taxing authorities. Therefore, the amount of property taxes we pay in the future may increase 
 23 

substantially from what we have paid in the past. If the property taxes we pay increase, our financial condition could be materially and adversely affected. 
 
 U.S. federal, state and local legislative, judicial or regulatory tax changes could have a material adverse effect on our shareholders and us. 
 
 The present U.S. federal income tax treatment of REITs and their shareholders may be modified, possibly with retroactive effect, by legislative, judicial or administrative action at any time, which could affect the U.S. federal income tax treatment of an investment in us. The U.S. federal income tax rules dealing with REITs are constantly under review by persons involved in the legislative process, the IRS and the U.S. Department of the Treasury, which results in statutory changes as well as frequent revisions to regulations and interpretations. We cannot predict how changes in the tax laws might affect our investors or us. Revisions in U.S. federal income tax laws and interpretations thereof could significantly and negatively affect ESRT s ability to qualify as a REIT and the tax considerations relevant to an investment in us, or could cause us to change our investments and commitments. 
 
 Our tax protection agreements could limit our ability either to sell certain properties or to engage in a strategic transaction, or to reduce our level of indebtedness, which could materially and adversely affect us. 
 
 In connection with the formation transactions, we and ESRT entered into a tax protection agreement with certain Malkin family members, including Anthony E. Malkin and Peter L. Malkin, pursuant to which we have agreed to indemnify the Malkin Group and one additional third-party investor in Metro Center, and in connection with our sale of a 9.9 fully diluted interest in ESRT to QIA in 2016, we agreed, subject to certain minimum thresholds and conditions, to indemnify QIA, in each case, against certain tax liabilities that may arise from certain property transactions. See Financial Statements Note 11 Related Party Transactions Excluded Properties and Businesses. . If we were to trigger such tax indemnification obligations, we would be required to pay the resulting tax liability to the Malkin Group, the additional third-party investor in Metro Center and/or QIA, as applicable. These obligations may restrict our ability to engage in a strategic transaction, require us to maintain more or different debt, and/or inhibit our disposing of a property that we might judge to be otherwise be in the best interest of the securityholders. 
 
 Holders of ESRT s Class B common stock have a significant vote in ESRT matters. 
 
 As part of our formation, we sought to give each contributing investor an option to hold equity interests which would allow such investor to vote on company matters in proportion to such investor s economic ownership in the consolidated entity, whether such investor elected taxable Class A common stock in ESRT or tax-deferred operating partnership units in our company. Thus, the original investors were offered the opportunity to contribute their interests to us in exchange for a mix of one share of Class B common stock in ESRT and 49 operating partnership units in us for each 50 operating partnership units in us to which an investor was otherwise entitled. Each outstanding share of Class B common stock, when accompanied by 49 operating partnership units, entitles the holder thereof to 50 votes on all matters on which holders of Class A common stock in ESRT are entitled to vote, including the election of directors. 
 
 Holders of ESRT Class B common stock may have interests that differ from holders of ESRT Class A common stock and our securityholders, including by reason of their interest in us, and may accordingly vote as a stockholder in ways that may not be consistent with the interests of holders of ESRT Class A common stock and our securityholders. This significant voting influence over certain matters may have the effect of delaying, preventing or deterring a change of control of ESRT, or could deprive holders of ESRT Class A common stock or our securityholders of an opportunity to receive a premium for their Class A common stock or units, as applicable, as part of a sale of ESRT. 
 
 The concentration of our voting power may adversely affect the ability of new investors to influence our policies. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, ESRT s Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, Anthony E. Malkin, together with the Malkin Group, has the right to vote 40,859,706 shares of ESRT s common stock, which represents approximately 19.5 of the voting power of ESRT s outstanding common stock. Consequently, Mr. Malkin has the ability to influence the outcome of matters presented to our securityholders, including the election of ESRT s board and approval of significant corporate transactions, including business combinations, consolidations and mergers and the determination of our day-to-day corporate and management policies. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, QIA had a 11.03 fully diluted interest in ESRT, which represented 18.67 of the outstanding Class A common stock of ESRT. Pursuant to the terms of ESRT s stockholders agreement with QIA, QIA generally has the right (but not the obligation) to maintain its fully diluted economic interest in ESRT by purchasing additional shares of ESRT s Class A common stock when we or ESRT issue additional common equity securities from time to time. While QIA has agreed to limit its voting power on all matters presented to ESRT s securityholders to no more than 9.9 of total number of votes entitled to be cast, QIA has also agreed to vote its shares in favor of the election of all director nominees recommended by ESRT s board. The interests of Mr. Malkin and QIA could conflict with or differ from your interests as a holder of our operating partnership units, and these large securityholders may exercise their right as securityholders to restrict 
 24 

our ability to take certain actions that may otherwise be in the best interests of our securityholders. This concentration of voting power might also have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control that our securityholders may view as beneficial. 
 
 Tax consequences to holders of our operating partnership units upon a sale or refinancing of our properties may cause the interests of certain members of ESRT s senior management team to differ from your own. 
 
 As a result of the unrealized built-in gain attributable to a property at the time of contribution, some holders of operating partnership units, including our Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, Anthony E. Malkin, and our Chairman Emeritus, Peter L. Malkin, may suffer different and more adverse tax consequences than other holders of operating partnership units upon the sale or refinancing of the properties owned by us, including disproportionately greater allocations of items of taxable income and gain upon a realization event. As those holders will not receive a correspondingly greater distribution of cash proceeds, they may have different objectives regarding the appropriate pricing, timing, transaction structure and other material terms of any sale, exchange or refinancing of certain properties, or whether to sell, exchange or refinance such properties at all. As a result, the effect of certain transactions on Messrs. Malkin may influence their decisions affecting these properties and may cause members of ESRT s senior management team to attempt to delay, defer or prevent a transaction that might otherwise be in the best interests of our other securityholders, or to structure such transactions in ways that would mitigate the above tax consequences to Messrs. Malkin. Additionally, in connection with the formation transactions, we and ESRT entered into a tax protection agreement with Messrs. Malkin pursuant to which we and ESRT have agreed to indemnify the Malkin Group and one additional third-party investor in Metro Center against certain tax liabilities if those tax liabilities arise from a transaction involving one of four properties. Refer to Financial Statements Note 11 Related Party Transactions Excluded Properties and Businesses for more information. As a result of entering into the tax protection agreement, Messrs. Malkin may have an incentive to cause us to enter into transactions from which they may personally benefit. 
 
 Conflicts of interest exist or could arise between ESRT s securityholders and OP unit holders. 
 
 Conflicts of interest exist or could arise in the future as a result of the relationships between ESRT and its affiliates, on the one hand, and our company or any partner thereof, on the other. For example, a potential acquisition or disposition opportunity could be opportunistic to the REIT while tax disadvantageous to certain OP holders. ESRT s directors and officers have duties to ESRT and its shareholders under applicable Maryland law in connection with their management of ESRT. At the same time, ESRT, as our general partner has fiduciary duties and obligations to us and our limited partners under Delaware law and our partnership agreement. ESRT s fiduciary duties and obligations to us as general partner may come into conflict with the duties of ESRT s directors and officers to ESRT, which may impede business decisions that could benefit our securityholders. Pursuant to our partnership agreement, our limited partners have agreed that in the event of a conflict in the duties owed by ESRT's directors and officers to ESRT and ESRT's securityholders and the fiduciary duties owed by ESRT, in its capacity as general partner of us, to such limited partners, ESRT will fulfill its fiduciary duties to such limited partners by acting in the best interests of ESRT's securityholders. 
 
 ESRT s rights and the rights of ESRT s securityholders to take action against ESRT s directors and officers are limited, which could limit your recourse in the event of actions not in your best interest. 
 
 ESRT s charter limits the liability of its present and former directors and officers to ESRT and its securityholders for money damages to the maximum extent permitted under Maryland law. Under current Maryland law, ESRT s present and former directors and officers will not have any liability to ESRT or its securityholders for money damages other than liability resulting from (1) actual receipt of an improper benefit or profit in money, property or services or (2) active and deliberate dishonesty by the director or officer that was established by a final judgment and is material to the cause of action. Additionally, our partnership agreement provides for certain limitations on liability and indemnification obligations for us and our directors and officers and certain present and former members, managers, shareholders, directors, limited partners, general partners, officers or controlling persons of our predecessor. As a result, we and our securityholders may have limited rights against all such persons, which could limit your recourse in the event of actions not in your best interest. 
 
 Limits on changes in control may discourage takeover attempts beneficial to securityholders. 
 
 Provisions in our partnership agreement and ESRT s charter may delay or prevent a change of control over the company or ESRT, or a tender offer, even if such action might be beneficial to our securityholders. Certain provisions in our partnership agreement may delay or make more difficult unsolicited acquisitions of us or changes of control, including, among others: redemption rights of qualifying parties; transfer restrictions on operating partnership units; ESRT s ability, as general partner, in some cases, to amend the partnership agreement and to cause us to issue units with terms that could delay, defer or prevent a merger or other change of control without the consent of the limited partners; the right of the limited partners to consent to transfers of the general partnership interest and mergers or other transactions involving us under specified circumstances; and a redemption premium payable to the holders of our preferred units if we decide, at our option, to redeem preferred units for cash upon the occurrence of certain fundamental transactions, such as a change of control. 
 
 25 

Certain provision s in ESRT s charter also may delay or prevent a change in control of ESRT, and by extension of us, including ownership restrictions, which generally limit (i) ownership to 9.8 in value or number of shares, whichever is more restrictive, of the outstanding shares of ESRT capital stock or more than 9.8 in value or number of shares, whichever is more restrictive, of the outstanding shares of ESRT common stock, except where waived by ESRT s board in its sole discretion, as it did with QIA, and (ii) ownership to the extent such ownership would result in ESRT owning (directly or indirectly) an interest in one of our tenants if the income derived by us from such tenant would reasonably be expected to equal or exceed the lesser of 1 of our gross income or an amount that would cause us to fail to satisfy any of the REIT gross income tests. Shares owned in violation of the ownership limit are subject to the loss of rights to distributions and voting and other penalties. Additionally, ESRT s board could establish a class or series of preferred stock that could, depending on the terms of such series, delay, defer or prevent a transaction or a change of control. 
 
 These limitations could have the effect of discouraging a takeover or other transaction in which our securityholders might receive a premium for their securities or which holders might believe to be otherwise in their best interests. 
 Risks Related to our Traded OP Units 
 
 Our cash available for distribution may not be sufficient to make distributions at expected levels, and the market price of our securities could be adversely affected by our level of cash distributions. 
 
 We intend to make distributions to our securityholders. All dividends and distributions will be made at the discretion of our sole general partner, ESRT, acting through its board, and will depend on our earnings, financial condition, maintenance of ESRT s REIT qualification and other factors as ESRT s board may deem relevant from time to time. If sufficient cash is not available for distribution from our operations, we may have to fund distributions from working capital or to borrow to provide funds for such distribution, or to reduce the amount of such distribution. We cannot assure you that our distributions will be made or sustained. Our failure to meet the market s expectations with regard to future earnings and cash distributions likely would adversely affect the market price of ESRT s Class A common stock and our traded OP units. 
 
 Changes in market conditions could adversely affect the market price of our Class A Common Stock and traded OP Units. 
 
 As with other publicly traded equity securities, the value of our Class A Common Stock and traded OP units depends on various market conditions, which may change from time to time. In addition to the current economic environment and future volatility in the securities and credit markets, the following market conditions may affect the value of our Class A Common Stock and traded OP units: 
 
 the general reputation of REITs and the attractiveness of our equity securities in comparison to other equity securities, including securities issued by other real estate-based companies; 
 our financial performance; and 
 general stock market conditions. 
 
 The market value of our common stock is based on a number of factors, including, but not limited to, the market s perception of the current and future value of our assets, our growth potential and our current and potential future earnings and distributions. 
 
 The future exercise of registration rights may adversely affect the market price of our securities. 
 
 In August 2016, ESRT entered into a registration rights agreement with QIA in connection with its purchase of ESRT s Class A common stock, which requires ESRT, subject to certain conditions, to maintain an effective shelf registration statement with the SEC providing for the resale of QIA s shares. The current registration statement filed on July 31, 2020, registers up to 29,894,869 shares. If QIA decides to sell all or a substantial portion of its shares, or there is market perception that it may intend to do so, it could have a material adverse impact on the market price of our Class A common stock and our traded OP units. 
 
 Future issuances of debt or equity securities or preferred units may be dilutive to current securityholders and may materially adversely affect the market price of our securities. 
 
 In the future, we or ESRT may issue debt or equity securities or make other borrowings. ESRT s board, without stockholder approval, has the power under its charter to cause ESRT to issue additional shares of capital stock or debt securities, and we may also issue additional operating partnership units without the consent of our securityholders. Upon liquidation, holders of our debt securities, preferred units and other loans and preferred shares will receive a distribution of our available assets before holders of shares of ESRT s common stock. We or ESRT are not required to offer any such additional debt or equity securities to existing ESRT securityholders or our securityholders, as applicable, on a preemptive basis. Therefore, additional shares of ESRT common stock issuances, directly or through convertible or exchangeable securities (including operating partnership units), warrants or options, will dilute the holdings of ESRT s existing common 
 26 

securityholders and such issuances or the perception of such issuances may reduce the market price of shares of ESRT s common stock or our traded OP units. Additionally, ESRT s preferred units or shares, if issued, would likely have a preference on distribution payments, periodically or upon liquidation, which could limit ESRT s ability to make distributions to holders of shares of its common stock. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we did not have any unresolved comments from the staff of the SEC. 
 
 27 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 
 Summary of Office and Retail Portfolio 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, our office and retail portfolio consisted of approximately 9.7 million rentable square feet and was approximately 85.2 occupied, yielding approximately 526.9 million of annualized rent. We have 12 office properties and our retail properties are comprised of retail space at the base of our Manhattan office and multifamily properties, four standalone retail properties in Manhattan and two contiguous standalone retail properties in Westport, Connecticut (1) . All of the Manhattan properties are located in dynamic retail corridors with convenient access to mass transportation, a diverse te nant base and high pedestrian traffic. Giving effect to leases signed but not yet commenced, our office and retail portfolio was approximately 88.6 leased as of December 31, 2022. Our real estate segment includes all activities related to the ownership, management, operation, acquisition, repositioning and disposition of all of our real estate assets other than the 86th and 102nd floor observatories at the Empire State Building, which are operated by our observatory segment. 
 
 (1) On February 1, 2023, the two retail properties in Westport, Connecticut were sold. 
 The tables below present an overview as of December 31, 2022. 
 Annualized Rentable Rent per Square Percent Annualized Occupied Number of Property Name Location or Sub-Market Feet (1) 
 Occupied (2) 
 Rent (3) 
 Square Foot (4) 
 Leases (5) 
 Manhattan Office Properties - Office The Empire State Building (6) 
 Penn Station -Times Sq. South 2,714,737 82.4 141,668,705 63.34 144 One Grand Central Place Grand Central 1,245,439 87.1 65,602,130 60.48 161 1400 Broadway (7) 
 Penn Station -Times Sq. South 916,579 94.0 47,963,370 55.64 18 111 West 33rd Street (8) 
 Penn Station -Times Sq. South 641,036 96.2 39,930,094 64.76 22 250 West 57th Street Columbus Circle - West Side 466,642 84.8 24,667,590 62.32 33 501 Seventh Avenue Penn Station -Times Sq. South 461,370 85.0 19,602,186 49.98 22 1359 Broadway Penn Station -Times Sq. South 457,313 76.5 20,912,746 59.81 29 1350 Broadway (9) 
 Penn Station -Times Sq. South 373,003 83.2 18,650,756 60.13 51 1333 Broadway Penn Station -Times Sq. South 296,360 90.0 15,621,887 58.55 14 Manhattan Office Properties - Office 7,572,479 86.0 394,619,464 60.58 494 Greater New York Metropolitan Area Office Properties First Stamford Place (10) 
 Stamford, CT 776,386 75.8 25,161,553 42.74 43 Metro Center Stamford, CT 284,786 81.8 13,209,172 56.72 21 500 Mamaroneck Avenue (11) 
 Harrison, NY 286,335 90.4 7,681,621 29.69 34 Sub-Total/Weighted Average Greater New York Metropolitan Office Properties 1,347,507 80.2 46,052,346 42.63 98 Manhattan Office Properties - Retail The Empire State Building Penn Station -Times Sq. South 91,554 76.6 6,920,076 98.62 12 One Grand Central Place Grand Central 68,733 99.4 8,675,896 126.99 13 1400 Broadway (7) 
 Penn Station -Times Sq. South 18,618 75.1 1,471,265 105.24 6 112 West 34th Street (8) 
 Penn Station -Times Sq. South 93,057 96.4 22,875,282 255.04 3 
 28 

250 West 57th Street Columbus Circle - West Side 67,231 89.1 8,896,423 148.47 7 501 Seventh Avenue Penn Station -Times Sq. South 34,564 73.2 1,609,862 63.64 6 1359 Broadway Penn Station -Times Sq. South 27,467 68.9 1,079,511 57.01 4 1350 Broadway Penn Station -Times Sq. South 30,787 77.6 5,975,808 250.24 5 1333 Broadway Penn Station -Times Sq. South 67,001 100.0 9,899,557 147.75 4 Manhattan Office Properties - Retail 499,012 87.6 67,403,680 154.17 60 Standalone Retail Properties 10 Union Square Union Square 58,006 85.5 6,944,628 139.95 8 1542 Third Avenue Upper East Side 56,250 100.0 2,652,308 41.15 4 1010 Third Avenue Upper East Side 38,235 26.1 412,120 41.24 1 77 West 55th Street Midtown 25,388 100.0 1,952,250 76.90 3 69-97 Main Street (12) 
 Westport, CT 16,874 100.0 1,866,809 110.63 5 103-107 Main Street (12) 
 Westport, CT 4,330 100.0 756,705 174.76 1 Sub-Total/Weighted Average Standalone Retail Properties 199,083 81.6 14,584,820 89.78 22 Multifamily Retail Properties 561 10th Avenue Hudson Yards 28,919 94.9 2,395,101 87.27 2 345 East 94th Street Upper East Side 3,700 100.0 247,782 66.97 1 298 Mulberry Street NoHo 10,365 100.0 1,645,002 158.71 1 Sub-Total/Weighted Average Multifamily Retail Properties 42,984 96.6 4,287,885 103.30 4 Office and Retail Portfolio Total 9,661,065 85.2 526,948,195 63.98 678 Total/Weighted Average Office Properties 8,919,986 85.1 440,671,810 58.02 592 Total/Weighted Average Retail Properties 741,079 86.5 86,276,385 134.56 86 Office and Retail Portfolio Total 9,661,065 85.2 526,948,195 63.98 678 
 
 (1) Excludes (i) 197,242 square feet of space across our commercial portfolio attributable to building management use and tenant amenities and (ii) 80,225 square feet of space attributable to our observatory. 
 (2) Based on leases signed and commenced as of December 31, 2022 and calculated as (i) rentable square feet less available square feet divided by (ii) rentable square feet. 
 (3) Represents annualized base rent and current reimbursement for operating expenses and real estate taxes. 
 (4) Represents annualized rent under leases commenced as of December 31, 2022 divided by occupied square feet. 
 (5) Represents the number of leases at each property or on a portfolio basis. If a tenant has more than one lease, whether or not at the same property, but with different expirations, the number of leases is calculated equal to the number of leases with different expirations. 
 (6) Includes 37,747 rentable square feet of space leased by our broadcasting tenants. 
 (7) Denotes a ground leasehold interest in the property with a remaining term, including unilateral extension rights available to the Company, of approximately 41 years (expiring December 31, 2063). 
 (8) Denotes a ground leasehold interest in the property with a remaining term, including unilateral extension rights available to the Company, of approximately 55 years (expiring May 31, 2077). 
 (9) Denotes a ground leasehold interest in the property with a remaining term, including unilateral extension rights available to us, of approximately 28 years (expiring July 31, 2050). 
 (10) First Stamford Place consists of three buildings. 
 (11) We have entered into an agreement to sell this property. The transaction is expected to close in the first quarter 2023, subject to customary closing conditions. 
 29 

(12) Property was sold on February 1, 2023. 

Tenant Diversification 
 As of December 31, 2022, our office and retail portfolios were leased to a diverse tenant base consisting of approximately 678 leases. Our tenants represent a broad array of industries as follows: 
 Diversification by Industry Percent (1) 
 Arts and entertainment 3.3 Broadcast 1.0 Consumer goods 15.5 Finance, insurance, real estate 17.3 Government entity 2.1 Healthcare 1.7 Legal services 5.3 Non-profit 4.2 Professional services (not including legal services) 9.4 Retail 17.7 Technology, media and advertising 18.0 Others 4.5 Total 100.0 (1) Based on annualized rent. 
 
 The following table sets forth information regarding the 20 largest tenants in our commercial portfolio based on annualized rent as of December 31, 2022. 
 Weighted Percent of Average Total Portfolio Percent of Remaining Occupied Rentable Portfolio Lease Lease Square Square Annualized Annualized Tenant Property Expiration (1) 
 Term (2) 
 Feet (3) 
 Feet (4) 
 Rent (5) 
 Rent (6) 
 LinkedIn Empire State Building Aug. 2036 13.7 years 501,409 5.2 32,772,732 6.2 Signature Bank 1333 1400 Broadway Jul. 2030 - Apr. 2035 12.1 years 308,207 3.2 18,175,128 3.4 PVH Corp. 501 Seventh Avenue Oct. 2028 5.8 years 237,281 2.5 11,548,477 2.2 Centric Brands Inc. Empire State Building Oct. 2028 5.8 years 221,365 2.3 11,289,615 2.1 Sephora 112 West 34th Street Jan. 2029 6.1 years 11,334 0.1 10,533,628 2.0 Li Fung 1359 Broadway, ESB Oct. 2023 - Oct. 2028 4.8 years 173,273 1.8 9,260,886 1.8 Target 112 West 34th St, 10 Union Sq. Mar. 2037 - Jan. 2038 14.7 years 81,340 0.8 8,825,395 1.7 Macy's 111 West 33rd Street May 2030 7.4 years 131,117 1.4 8,382,100 1.6 Urban Outfitters 1333 Broadway Sept. 2029 6.8 years 56,730 0.6 7,955,384 1.5 Coty Empire State Building Jan. 2030 7.1 years 156,187 1.6 7,950,113 1.5 Foot Locker 112 West 34th Street Sept. 2031 8.8 years 34,192 0.4 7,745,959 1.5 Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. Empire State Building Dec. 2024 2.0 years 119,226 1.2 7,567,274 1.4 HNTB Corporation Empire State Building Feb. 2029 6.2 years 105,143 1.1 6,982,050 1.3 The Michael J. Fox Foundation 111 West 33rd Street Nov. 2029 6.9 years 86,492 0.9 6,219,167 1.2 Shutterstock Empire State Building Apr. 2029 6.3 years 104,386 1.1 6,087,598 1.2 Fragoman 1400 Broadway Feb. 2035 12.2 years 107,680 1.1 5,922,400 1.1 Institutional Capital Network, Inc. One Grand Central Place Feb.2023 - Oct. 2035 9.8 years 89,300 0.9 5,617,792 1.1 ASCAP 250 West 57th Street Aug. 2034 11.7 years 87,943 0.9 5,344,751 1.0 Walgreens ESB, 1350 Broadway May 2025 - Sept. 2027 3.5 years 39,142 0.4 4,903,003 0.9 The Interpublic Group of Co's, Inc. 111 West 33rd St 1400 B'Way Jul. 2024 - Feb. 2025 1.8 years 77,364 0.8 4,744,134 0.9 Total 2,729,111 28.3 187,827,586 35.6 
 (1) Expiration dates are per lease and do not assume exercise of renewal or extension options. For tenants with more than two leases, the lease expiration is shown as a range. 
 (2) Represents the weighted average remaining lease term, based on annualized rent. 
 30 

(3) Based on leases signed and commenced as of December 31, 2022. 
 (4) Represents the percentage of rentable square feet of our office and retail portfolios in the aggregate. 
 (5) Represents annualized base rent and current reimbursement for operating expenses and real estate taxes. 
 (6) Represents the percentage of annualized rent of our office and retail portfolios in the aggregate. 
 
 Lease Expirations 
 The following table sets forth new and renewal leases entered into at our properties, the weighted average annualized cash rent per square foot for new and renewal leases executed during the year, the previous weighted average annualized cash rent prior to the renewal or re-leasing of these leases and the percent increase (decrease) in mark-to-market rent. Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 New and renewal leases entered into during the year (square feet) 1,118,579 1,005,630 923,379 Weighted average annualized cash rent per square foot for new and renewal leases executed during the year 59.42 57.55 57.45 Weighted average annualized cash rent per square foot for previous leases 58.58 58.04 61.18 Increase (decrease) in mark-to-market rent 1.4 (0.8) (6.1) 
 
 The following tables set forth a summary schedule of expirations for leases in place as of December 31, 2022 plus available space for each of the ten calendar years beginning with the year ended December 31, 2022 at the office and retail properties in our commercial portfolio. The information set forth in the table assumes that tenants exercise no renewal options and all early termination rights. 
 
 Office and Retail Portfolio 
 
 Percent of Rentable Portfolio Annualized Number Square Rentable Percent of Rent Per of Leases Feet Square Feet Annualized Annualized Rentable Year of Lease Expiration Expiring (1) 
 Expiring (2) 
 Expiring Rent (3) 
 Rent Square Foot Available 1,105,719 11.4 Signed leases not commenced 36 319,351 3.3 Fourth quarter 2022 17 51,771 0.5 2,077,733 0.4 40.13 2023 89 494,016 5.1 30,276,946 5.7 61.29 2024 95 641,385 6.6 38,063,823 7.2 59.35 2025 83 523,666 5.4 34,354,748 6.5 65.60 2026 71 690,336 7.1 38,296,385 7.3 55.47 2027 89 716,550 7.4 44,105,885 8.4 61.55 2028 47 914,331 9.5 48,868,734 9.3 53.45 2029 47 962,150 10.0 70,258,628 13.3 73.02 2030 35 706,825 7.3 46,759,804 8.9 66.15 2031 23 171,061 1.8 20,665,463 3.9 120.81 2032 30 382,405 4.0 26,756,490 5.1 69.97 Thereafter 52 1,981,499 20.6 126,463,556 24.0 63.82 Total 714 9,661,065 100.0 526,948,195 100.0 63.98 

31 

Manhattan Office Properties (4) 
 Percent of Rentable Portfolio Annualized Number Square Rentable Percent of Rent Per of Leases Feet Square Feet Annualized Annualized Rentable Year of Lease Expiration Expiring (1) 
 Expiring (2) 
 Expiring Rent (3) 
 Rent Square Foot Available 789,933 10.4 Signed leases not commenced 29 268,085 3.5 Fourth quarter 2022 10 33,457 0.4 1,838,529 0.5 54.95 2023 75 384,161 5.1 23,610,627 6.0 61.46 2024 82 583,319 7.7 35,330,760 9.0 60.57 2025 61 372,985 4.9 24,405,244 6.2 65.43 2026 50 464,437 6.1 27,837,943 7.1 59.94 2027 66 571,936 7.6 32,887,868 8.3 57.50 2028 32 796,300 10.5 42,948,266 10.9 53.93 2029 33 724,521 9.6 43,731,139 11.1 60.36 2030 20 547,490 7.2 33,017,325 8.4 60.31 2031 11 82,182 1.1 5,782,918 1.5 70.37 2032 22 344,750 4.6 23,649,713 6.0 68.60 Thereafter 32 1,608,923 21.3 99,579,132 25.0 61.89 Total 523 7,572,479 100.0 394,619,464 100.0 60.58 
 
 Greater New York Metropolitan Area Office Properties 
 Percent of Rentable Portfolio Annualized Number Square Rentable Percent of Rent Per of Leases Feet Square Feet Annualized Annualized Rentable Year of Lease Expiration Expiring (1) 
 Expiring (2) 
 Expiring Rent (3) 
 Rent Square Foot Available 257,970 19.1 Signed leases not commenced 2 9,161 0.7 Fourth quarter 2022 5 6,922 0.5 60,189 0.1 8.70 2023 11 88,694 6.6 4,741,365 10.3 53.46 2024 6 39,232 2.9 1,443,769 3.1 36.80 2025 17 127,930 9.5 5,378,016 11.7 42.04 2026 14 154,669 11.5 6,129,451 13.3 39.63 2027 16 88,575 6.6 3,679,727 8.0 41.54 2028 11 111,044 8.2 4,216,464 9.2 37.97 2029 6 130,748 9.7 5,928,349 12.9 45.34 2030 4 78,526 5.8 3,457,648 7.5 44.03 2031 2 5,176 0.4 153,755 0.3 29.71 2032 2 4,718 0.4 147,782 0.3 31.32 Thereafter 4 244,142 18.1 10,715,831 23.3 43.89 Total 100 1,347,507 100.0 46,052,346 100.0 42.63 

32 

Retail (5) 
 Percent of Rentable Portfolio Annualized Number Square Rentable Percent of Rent Per of Leases Feet Square Feet Annualized Annualized Rentable Year of Lease Expiration Expiring (1) 
 Expiring (2) 
 Expiring Rent (3) 
 Rent Square Foot Available 57,816 7.8 Signed leases not commenced 5 42,105 5.7 Fourth quarter 2022 2 11,392 1.5 179,015 0.2 15.71 2023 3 21,161 2.9 1,924,954 2.2 90.97 2024 7 18,834 2.5 1,289,294 1.5 68.46 2025 5 22,751 3.1 4,571,488 5.3 200.94 2026 7 71,230 9.6 4,328,991 5.0 60.77 2027 7 56,039 7.6 7,538,290 8.7 134.52 2028 4 6,987 0.9 1,704,004 2.0 243.88 2029 8 106,881 14.4 20,599,140 23.9 192.73 2030 11 80,809 10.9 10,284,831 11.9 127.27 2031 10 83,703 11.3 14,728,790 17.1 175.96 2032 6 32,937 4.4 2,958,995 3.4 89.84 Thereafter 16 128,434 17.4 16,168,593 18.8 125.89 Total 91 741,079 100.0 86,276,385 100.0 134.56 
 
 (1) If a lease has two different expiration dates, it is considered to be two leases (for the purposes of lease count and square footage). 
 (2) Excludes (i) 184,725 rentable square feet across our commercial portfolio attributable to building management use and tenant amenities and (ii) 80,225 square feet of space attributable to our observatory. 
 (3) Represents annualized base rent and current reimbursement for operating expenses and real estate taxes. 
 (4) Excludes (i) retail space in our Manhattan office properties and (ii) the Empire State Building broadcasting licenses and observatory operations. 
 (5) Includes an aggregate of 541,996 rentable square feet of retail space in our Manhattan office properties and multifamily properties. Excludes the Empire State Building broadcasting licenses and observatory operations. 
 Portfolio Transaction Activity 
 During April 2022, we transferred 383 Main Avenue, Norwalk CT, which was encumbered by a 30.0 million mortgage, back to the lender in a consensual foreclosure and recognized a non-cash gain of 27.2 million, which is included in Gain on sale/disposition of properties in our condensed consolidated statement of operations. Prior to the consummation of this transaction, in December 2021, we recorded a 7.7 million impairment charge on the property as we had concluded the cost basis of the asset exceeded its fair value given our reduced holding period and new intent to transfer property ownership to the lender. 
 On December 7, 2022, we closed on the sale of 10 Bank Street, White Plains, NY, which was encumbered by a 30.0 million mortgage, at a gross asset valuation of 42.0 million. 
 On December 20, 2022, we closed on the acquisition of a 100 free-market, full service multifamily asset located at 298 Mulberry Street in Manhattan for a purchase price of 114.9 million. The property has a total of 96 units and was 100 leased as of December 31, 2022. 
 Subsequent to the year ended December 31, 2022, on February 1, 2023 we closed on the sale of 69-97 and 103-107 Main Street in Westport, Connecticut at a gross asset valuation of 40.0 million. The Westport sale was a related party transaction approved in accordance with the Company's protocols. See "Financial Statements - Note 11 Related Party Transactions ". 
 In December 2022, we also entered into a purchase and sale agreement for 500 Mamaroneck Avenue in Harrison, NY at a gross asset valuation of 53.0 million. This transaction is expected to close in the first quarter of 2023, subject to customary closing conditions. 

33 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 Refer to Financial Statements-Note 9 Commitments and Contingencies in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a description of any pending legal proceedings. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURE 
 
 Not applicable. 

34 

PART II 
 
 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 
 Market Information 
 We have four series of partnership units ("OP Units") - Series PR OP Units, Series ES OP Units, Series 60 OP Units and Series 250 OP Units. The Series ES OP Units, Series 60 OP Units and Series 250 OP Units (together, the "traded OP units") are listed on the NYSE Arca, Inc. exchange ("NYSE Arca") under the symbols "ESBA," "OGCP," and "FISK," respectively. The Series PR OP Units are not listed on any exchange and are not traded. 
 On February 24, 2023, the last sales price for our Series ES OP Units on the NYSE Arca was 7.45 per share. On February 24, 2023, the last sales price for our Series 60 OP Units on the NYSE Arca was 7.16 per share. On February 24, 2023, the last sales price for our Series 250 OP Units on the NYSE Arca was 6.83 per share. 
 Holders 
 As of February 24, 2023, we had approximately 583 registered holders of Series PR OP Units, 1,281 registered holders of Series ES OP Units, 393 registered holders of Series 60 OP Units and 290 registered holders of Series 250 OP Units. Certain shares and OP Units are held in "street" name and accordingly, the number of beneficial owners of such shares and OP Units is not known or included in the foregoing totals. 
 Distributions 
 ESRT intends to pay regular quarterly dividends to holders of its Class A common stock and Class B common stock, at least to the extent of its taxable income or as required to maintain its qualification as a REIT. Any distributions we or ESRT pay in the future will depend upon our taxable income, actual results of operations, economic conditions and other factors that could differ materially from our current expectations. Our actual results of operations will be affected by a number of factors, including the revenue we receive from our properties, our operating expenses, interest expense, the ability of our tenants to meet their obligations and unanticipated expenditures. 
 We declared dividends of 0.035 per share for each quarter of 2022, which equates to an annualized rate of 0.14 per share. 
 We and ESRT's board will continue regular reviews of our dividend and capital allocation policies. Distributions declared by us will be authorized by ESRT's board in its sole discretion out of funds legally available therefore and will be dependent upon a number of factors, including restrictions under applicable law, our capital requirements and the distribution requirements necessary to maintain ESRT's qualification as a REIT. See Item 1A, "Risk Factors," and Item 7, "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditions and Results of Operations," of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, for information regarding the sources of funds used for dividends and for a discussion of factors, if any, which may adversely affect our ability to make distributions to our securityholders. 
 Securities Authorized For Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 
 On May 16, 2019, the shareholders approved the Empire State Realty Trust, Inc. Empire State Realty OP, L.P. 2019 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2019 Plan ). The 2019 Plan provides for grants to directors, employees and consultants of our company and operating partnership, including options, restricted stock, restricted stock units, stock appreciation rights, performance awards, dividend equivalents and other equity-based awards, including LTIP units. An aggregate of approximately 11.0 million shares of our common stock are authorized for issuance under awards granted pursuant to the 2019 Plan. Following adoption by our shareholders of the 2019 Plan, we agreed not to issue any new equity awards under the First Amended and Restated Empire State Realty Trust, Inc. and Empire State Realty OP, L.P. 2013 Equity Incentive Plan ("2013 Plan", and collectively with the 2019 Plan, "the Plans"), which we adopted upon our IPO in 2013. The shares of Class A common stock underlying any awards under the 2019 Plan and the 2013 Plan that are forfeited, canceled or otherwise terminated, other than by exercise, will be added back to the shares of Class A common stock available for issuance under the 2019 Plan. For a further discussion of the Plans, see "Financial Statements - Note 10 Capital". 
 The following table presents certain information about our equity compensation plans as of December 31, 2022: 
 35 

Plan Category Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in the first column of this table) Equity compensation plans approved by securityholders (1) 
 N/A N/A 6,274,115 (2) Equity compensation plans not approved by securityholders Total N/A N/A 6,274,115 
 ______________ 
 
 (1) These consist of the Empire State Realty Trust, Inc. Empire State Realty OP, L.P. 2019 Equity Incentive Plan and the First Amended and Restated Empire State Realty Trust, Inc. and Empire State Realty OP, L.P. 2013 Equity Incentive Plan. 
 (2) The number of securities remaining available for future issuance consists of shares remaining available for issuance under the Empire State Realty Trust, Inc. Empire State Realty OP, L.P. 2019 Equity Incentive Plan adjusted for awards that have been forfeited, canceled or otherwise terminated, other than by exercise under the Empire State Realty Trust, Inc. Empire State Realty OP, L.P. 2019 Equity Incentive Plan and the First Amended and Restated Empire State Realty Trust, Inc. and Empire State Realty OP, L.P. 2013 Equity Incentive Plan . 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we have issued 786,881 shares of restricted stock and 13,300,702 LTIP units under the Plans since 2013. 
 
 Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities Use of Proceeds from Registered Securities; 
 Not applicable. 
 Repurchases of Equity Securities Stock and Publicly Traded Operating Partnership Unit Repurchase Program 
 
 ESRT's Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to 500 million of our Class A common stock and the Operating Partnership s Series ES, Series 250 and Series 60 operating partnership units during the period from January 1, 2022 through December 31, 2023. This replaces an earlier 500.0 million repurchase authorization that ran from January 1, 2021 through December 31, 2021. Under the program, we may purchase our Class A common stock and the Operating Partnership s Series ES, Series 250 and Series 60 operating partnership units in accordance with applicable securities laws from time to time in the open market or in privately negotiated transactions. The timing, manner, price and amount of any repurchases will be determined by us and will be subject to stock price, availability, trading volume, general market conditions, and applicable securities laws. The authorization does not obligate us to acquire any particular amount of securities, and the program may be suspended or discontinued at our discretion without prior notice. As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 409.8 million remaining of the authorized repurchase amount. 
 
 The following table summarizes our purchases of equity securities in each of the three months in the three month period ended December 31, 2022 under the repurchase program described above: 
 Period Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plan Maximum Approximate Dollar Value Available for Future Purchase (in thousands) October 1-31, 2022 313,530 6.60 313,530 415,384 November 1-30, 2022 December 1-31, 2022 824,684 6.74 824,684 409,824 
 36 

ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 
 
 Not applicable. 
 
 37 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act, and Section 21E of the Exchange Act. We intend these forward-looking statements to be covered by the safe harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and are including this statement for purposes of complying with those safe harbor provisions. You can identify forward-looking statements by the use of forward-looking terminology such as believes, expects, may, will, should, seeks, approximately, intends, plans, estimates, contemplates, aims, continues, would or anticipates or the negative of these words and phrases or similar words or phrases. In particular, statements pertaining to our capital resources, portfolio performance, dividend policy and results of operations contain forward-looking statements. Likewise, all of our statements regarding anticipated growth in our commercial portfolio from operations, acquisitions and anticipated market conditions, demographics and results of operations are forward-looking statements. 
 
 Forward-looking statements are subject to substantial risks and uncertainties, many of which are difficult to predict and are generally beyond our control, and you should not rely on them as predictions of future events. Forward-looking statements depend on assumptions, data or methods which may be incorrect or imprecise, and we may not be able to realize them. We do not guarantee that the transactions and events described will happen as described (or that they will happen at all). 
 
 The following factors, among others, could cause actual results and future events to differ materially from those set forth or contemplated in the forward-looking statements: (i) economic, market, political and social impact of, and uncertainty relating to, any pandemic; (ii) a failure of conditions or performance regarding any event or transaction described herein, (iii) resolution of legal proceedings involving the Company; (iv) reduced demand for office, multifamily or retail space, including as a result of the changes in the use of office space and remote work; (v) changes in our business strategy; (vi) changes in technology and market competition that affect utilization of our office, retail, observatory, broadcast or other facilities; (vii) changes in domestic or international tourism, including due to health crises and pandemics, geopolitical events, including global hostilities, currency exchange rates, and/or competition from recently opened observatories in New York City, any or all of which may cause a decline in Observatory visitors; (viii) defaults on, early terminations of, or non-renewal of, leases by tenants; (ix) increases in the Company s borrowing costs as a result of changes in interest rates and other factors, including the current phasing out of LIBOR; (x) declining real estate valuations and impairment charges; (xi) termination of our ground leases; (xii) changes in our ability to pay down, refinance, restructure or extend our indebtedness as it becomes due and potential limitations on our ability to borrow additional funds in compliance with drawdown conditions and financial covenants; (xiii) decreased rental rates or increased vacancy rates; (xiv) our failure to execute any newly planned capital project successfully or on the anticipated timeline or budget; (xv) difficulties in identifying and completing acquisitions; (xvi) risks related to any development project (including our Metro Tower potential development site); (xvii) impact of changes in governmental regulations, tax laws and rates and similar matters; (xviii) our failure to qualify as a REIT; (xix) environmental uncertainties and risks related to climate change, adverse weather conditions, rising sea levels and natural disasters; (xx) incurrence of taxable capital gain on disposition of an asset due to failure of use or compliance with a 1031 exchange program; and (xxi) accuracy of our methodologies and estimates regarding ESG metrics and goals, tenant willingness and ability to collaborate in reporting ESG metrics and meeting ESG goals, and impact of governmental regulation on our ESG efforts. For a further discussion of these and other factors that could impact the company's future results, performance or transactions, see the section entitled Risk Factors of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 While forward-looking statements reflect the company's good faith beliefs, they are not guarantees of future performance. The company disclaims any obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statement to reflect changes in underlying assumptions or factors, new information, data or methods, future events, or other changes after the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, except as required by applicable law. Prospective investors should not place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements, which are based only on information currently available to the company. 
 Overview 
 Unless the context otherwise requires or indicates, references in this section to "our company," "we," "our" and "us" refer to Empire State Realty OP, L.P. and its consolidated subsidiaries. 
 The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 and the notes related thereto which are included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

2022 Highlights 
 Net income attributable to the company of 59.3 million. 
 38 

Core FFO of 243.6 million. 
 Signed a total of 1,118,579 rentable square feet of new, renewal and expansion leases. 
 Completed the acquisition of a multifamily asset located at 298 Mulberry Street in Manhattan in the fourth quarter. 
 Completed the dispositions of an office asset located at 10 Bank Street in White Plains, NY in the fourth quarter, and retail assets located in Westport, Connecticut subsequent to year-end in a tax-efficient manner through transactions that qualify as like-kind exchanges. 
 
 Results of Operations 
 Overview 
 The discussion below relates to the financial condition and results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. For a discussion of our 2020 financial results as compared to our 2021 financial results, please see our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021. 

39 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared to the Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 The following table summarizes the historical results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (amounts in thousands) : 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change Real Estate Segment Observatory Segment Total Real Estate Segment Observatory Segment Total Revenues: Rental revenue 591,048 591,048 559,690 559,690 31,358 5.6 Observatory revenue 105,978 105,978 41,474 41,474 64,504 155.5 Lease termination fees 20,032 20,032 16,230 16,230 3,802 23.4 Third-party management and other fees 1,361 1,361 1,219 1,219 142 11.6 Other revenues and fees 8,622 8,622 5,343 138 5,481 3,141 57.3 Total revenues 
 621,063 105,978 727,041 582,482 41,612 624,094 102,947 16.5 Operating expenses: Property operating expenses 157,935 157,935 126,986 126,986 (30,949) (24.4) Ground rent expenses 9,326 9,326 9,326 9,326 General and administrative expenses 61,765 61,765 55,947 55,947 (5,818) (10.4) Observatory expenses 31,036 31,036 23,206 23,206 (7,830) (33.7) Real estate taxes 123,057 123,057 119,967 119,967 (3,090) (2.6) Impairment charge 7,723 7,723 7,723 100.0 Depreciation and amortization 216,707 187 216,894 201,676 130 201,806 (15,088) (7.5) Total operating expenses 
 568,790 31,223 600,013 521,625 23,336 544,961 (55,052) (10.1) Operating income 
 52,273 74,755 127,028 60,857 18,276 79,133 47,895 60.5 Intercompany rent income (expense) 65,005 (65,005) 23,413 (23,413) Other income (expense): Interest income 
 4,901 47 4,948 701 3 704 4,244 602.8 Interest expense 
 (101,206) (101,206) (94,292) (102) (94,394) (6,812) (7.2) Gain on sale/disposition of properties 33,988 33,988 33,988 Loss on early extinguishment of debt (214) (214) 214 100.0 Income (loss) before income taxes 
 54,961 9,797 64,758 (9,535) (5,236) (14,771) 79,529 (538.4) Income tax (expense) benefit 
 (584) (962) (1,546) (613) 2,347 1,734 (3,280) (189.2) Net income (loss) 
 54,377 8,835 63,212 (10,148) (2,889) (13,037) 76,249 (584.9) Private perpetual preferred unit distributions 
 (4,201) (4,201) (4,201) (4,201) Net loss attributable to non-controlling interests 243 243 17 17 226 Net loss attributable to common unit holders 
 50,419 8,835 59,254 (14,332) (2,889) (17,221) 76,475 (447.1) 
 
 Real Estate Segment 
 
 Rental Revenue 
 
 The increase in rental revenue reflects the inclusion of revenues from our multifamily properties which were acquired on December 22, 2021. 
 Other Revenues and Fees 
 
 The increase in other revenues and fees was due to higher food and beverage sales, insurance claim income, parking income and bad debt recovery income. 
 
 40 

Property Operating Expenses 
 The increase in property operating expenses reflects higher payroll, utilities, repairs and maintenance costs, cleaning and other operating expenses due to increased building utilization at our office properties and the inclusion of operating expenses from our multifamily properties which were acquired on December 22, 2021. 
 General and Administrative Expenses 
 
 The increase in general and administrative expenses reflects higher equity compensation and payroll costs, information technology costs and professional fees. 
 Real Estate Taxes 
 
 Higher real estate taxes were primarily attributable to the inclusion of real estate taxes from our multifamily properties which were acquired on December 22, 2021. 
 
 Impairment Charge 
 
 The impairment charge in 2021 related to 383 Main Avenue, Norwalk CT, which was disposed in April 2022. 
 
 Depreciation and Amortization 
 
 The increase in depreciation and amortization reflects accelerated depreciation at one property due to an impairment charge in the fourth quarter of 2021 and additional depreciation from our multifamily properties which were acquired on December 22, 2021. 
 Interest Income 
 
 The increase in interest income was due to higher interest rates compared to the prior year. 
 Interest Expense 
 
 The increase in interest expense was primarily attributable to interest expense from our multifamily properties which were acquired on December 22, 2021, partially offset by the cancellation of debt from 383 Main Avenue, Norwalk CT. 
 
 Gain on Sale/Disposition of Properties 
 
 Represents a gain on the sale of 10 Bank Street, White Plains NY, and a gain on the disposition of 383 Main Avenue, Norwalk CT. 
 
 Observatory Segment 
 
 Observatory Revenue 
 
 Observatory revenues were higher driven by increased visitation due to a reduction in COVID-19 restrictions. 
 
 Observatory Expenses 
 
 The increase in observatory expenses was driven by increased operating hours, which increased variable costs such as labor, union, security, cleaning and maintenance costs. 
 
 Income Taxes 
 
 The increase in income tax expense was attributable to higher taxable income for the observatory segment. 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Liquidity is a measure of our ability to meet potential cash requirements, including ongoing commitments to repay borrowings, fund and maintain our assets and operations, including lease-up costs, fund our redevelopment and repositioning programs, acquire properties, make 
 41 

distributions to our securityholders and other general business needs. Based on the historical experience of our management and our business strategy, in the foreseeable future we anticipate we will generate positive cash flows from operations. 
 While we may be able to anticipate and plan for certain liquidity needs, there may be unexpected increases in uses of cash that are beyond our control and which would affect our financial condition and results of operations. For example, we may be required to comply with new laws or regulations that cause us to incur unanticipated capital expenditures for our properties, thereby increasing our liquidity needs. Even if there are no material changes to our anticipated liquidity requirements, our sources of liquidity may be fewer than, and the funds available from such sources may be less than, anticipated or needed. Our primary sources of liquidity will generally consist of cash on hand, short term investments, cash generated from our operating activities, debt issuances and unused borrowing capacity under our unsecured revolving credit and term loan facilities. We expect to meet our short-term liquidity requirements, including distributions, operating expenses, working capital, debt service, and capital expenditures from cash flows from operations, cash on hand, debt issuances, and available borrowing capacity under our unsecured revolving credit and term loan facilities. The availability of these borrowings is subject to the conditions set forth in the applicable loan agreements. We expect to meet our long-term capital requirements, including acquisitions, redevelopments and capital expenditures through our cash flows from operations, cash on hand, our unsecured revolving credit and term loan facilities, mortgage financings, debt issuances, common and/or preferred equity issuances and asset sales. Our properties require periodic investments of capital for individual lease related tenant improvements allowances, general capital improvements and costs associated with capital expenditures. Our overall leverage will depend on our mix of investments and the cost of leverage. ESRT's charter does not restrict the amount of leverage that we may use. See ITEM 1A. Risk Factors - Risks Relating to Our Indebtedness and Liquidity in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for more information. 
 At December 31, 2022, we had approximately 264.4 million available in cash and cash equivalents and there was 850.0 million available under our unsecured revolving credit facility. 
 At December 31, 2022, we had approximately 2.3 billion of total consolidated indebtedness outstanding, with a weighted average interest rate of 3.9 and a weighted average maturity of 6.4 years. As of December 31, 2022, excluding debt amortization, we have no debt maturity until November 2024 when principal repayments would amount to 77.7 million in 2024, 315.0 million in 2025 225.0 million in 2026, 319.0 million in 2027 and 1.3 billion thereafter. As of December 31, 2022, interest expense obligations from 2023 through 2027 and thereafter amount to 593.7 million while debt amortization amount to 60.3 million. 
 In connection with our three ground leases (i.e. long-term leaseholds of the land and the improvements) at 1350 Broadway, 111 West 33rd Street and 1400 Broadway), we also have contractual rent obligations totaling 69.8 million as of December 31, 2022 of which 7.5 million is due within the next five years. 
 Portfolio Transaction Activity 
 On December 7, 2022, we closed on the sale of 10 Bank Street, White Plains, NY, which was encumbered by a 30.0 million mortgage, at a gross asset valuation of 42.0 million. 
 On December 20, 2022, we closed on the acquisition of a 100 free-market, full service multifamily asset located at 298 Mulberry Street in Manhattan for a purchase price of 114.9 million. 
 Subsequent to the year ended December 31, 2022, on February 1, 2023 we closed on the sale of 69-97 and 103-107 Main Street in Westport, Connecticut at a gross asset valuation of 40.0 million. 
 In December 2022, we also entered into a purchase and sale agreement for 500 Mamaroneck Avenue in Harrison, NY at a gross asset valuation of 53.0 million. This transaction is expected to close in the first quarter of 2023, subject to customary closing conditions. 
 Unsecured Revolving Credit and Term Loan Facilities 
 See "Financial Statements - Note 5 Debt" for a summary of our unsecured revolving credit and term loan facilities. 
 Financial Covenants 
 As of December 31, 2022, we were in compliance with the following financial covenants: 
 42 

Financial Covenant Required December 31, 2022 In Compliance Maximum total leverage 1.50x 2.8x Yes Minimum unencumbered interest coverage > 1.75x 5.0x Yes Maximum unsecured leverage 
 Mortgage Debt 
 As of December 31, 2022, mortgage notes payable, net, amounted to 883.7 million. The first maturity is in November 2024. See "Financial Statements - Note 5 Debt" for more information on mortgage debt. 
 
 Senior Unsecured Notes 
 The terms of the senior unsecured notes include customary covenants, including limitations on liens, investment, debt, fundamental changes, and transactions with affiliates and require certain customary financial reports. These terms also require compliance with financial ratios including a maximum leverage ratio, a maximum secured leverage ratio, a minimum fixed charge coverage ratio, a minimum unencumbered interest coverage ratio, and a maximum unsecured leverage ratio. The agreement also contains customary events of default (subject in certain cases to specified cure periods), including but not limited to non-payment, breach of covenants, representations or warranties, cross defaults, bankruptcy or other insolvency events, judgments, ERISA events, the occurrence of certain change of control transactions and loss of real estate investment trust qualification. As of December 31, 2022, we were in compliance with the covenants under the outstanding senior unsecured notes. 
 
 Leverage Policies 
 
 We expect to employ leverage in our capital structure in amounts determined from time to time by ESRT's board of directors. Although ESRT's board has not adopted a policy that limits the total amount of indebtedness that we may incur, we anticipate that ESRT's board will consider a number of factors in evaluating our level of indebtedness from time to time, as well as the amount of such indebtedness that will be either fixed or floating rate. ESRT's charter and bylaws do not limit the amount or percentage of indebtedness that we may incur nor do they restrict the form in which our indebtedness will be taken (including, but not limited to, recourse or non-recourse debt and cross-collateralized debt). Our overall leverage will depend on our mix of investments and the cost of leverage, however, we initially intend to maintain a level of indebtedness consistent with our plan to seek an investment grade credit rating. ESRT's board may from time to time modify our leverage policies in light of the then-current economic conditions, relative costs of debt and equity capital, market values of our properties, general market conditions for debt and equity securities, fluctuations in the market price of ESRT's common stock and our traded OP units, growth and acquisition opportunities and other factors. See ITEM 1A. Risk Factors - Risks Relating to Our Indebtedness and Liquidity in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for more information. 
 Capital Expenditures 
 The following tables summarize our tenant improvement costs, leasing commission costs and our capital expenditures for each of the periods presented (dollars in thousands, except per square foot amounts). 
 Office Properties (1)(5) 
 
 Years Ended December 31, Total New Leases, Expansions, and Renewals 2022 2021 2020 Number of leases signed (2) 
 130 118 90 Total square feet 
 1,071,426 983,182 854,068 Leasing commission costs per square foot (3) 
 18.23 20.14 11.67 Tenant improvement costs per square foot (3) 
 56.72 66.25 38.52 Total leasing commissions and tenant improvement costs per square foot (3) 
 74.95 86.39 50.19 
 43 

Retail Properties (4)(5) 
 
 Years Ended December 31, Total New Leases, Expansions, and Renewals 2022 2021 2020 Number of leases signed (2) 
 14 11 14 Total Square Feet 
 47,153 22,448 69,311 Leasing commission costs per square foot (3) 
 62.30 57.27 32.31 Tenant improvement costs per square foot (3) 
 55.13 61.75 109.29 Total leasing commissions and tenant improvement costs per square foot (3) 
 117.43 119.02 141.60 
 _______________ 
 (1) Excludes an aggregate of 499,012, 507,276 and 504,284 rentable square feet of retail space in our Manhattan office properties in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Includes the Empire State Building broadcasting licenses and observatory operations. 
 (2) Presents a renewed and expansion lease as one lease signed. 
 (3) Presents all tenant improvement and leasing commission costs as if they were incurred in the period in which the lease was signed, which may be different than the period in which they were actually paid. 
 (4) Includes an aggregate of 499,012, 507,276 and 504,284 rentable square feet of retail space in our Manhattan office properties in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Excludes the Empire State Building broadcasting licenses and observatory operations. 
 (5) The tables above exclude three multifamily properties. 
 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Total Commercial Portfolio 
 Capital expenditures (1) 
 38,445 24,279 43,022 
 _______________ 
 (1) Includes all capital expenditures, excluding tenant improvements and leasing commission costs. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we expect to incur additional costs relating to obligations under signed new leases of approximately 118.3 million for tenant improvements and leasing commissions. We intend to fund the tenant improvements and leasing commission costs through a combination of operating cash flow, cash on hand, short term investments and borrowings under the unsecured revolving credit and term loan facilities. 
 Capital expenditures are considered part of both our short-term and long-term liquidity requirements. We intend to fund the capital improvements through a combination of operating cash flow, cash on hand, short term investments and borrowings under the unsecured revolving credit and term loan facilities. 
 Distribution Policy 
 
 We intend to distribute our net taxable income to our security holders in a manner intended to satisfy REIT distribution requirements and to avoid U.S. federal income tax liability. 
 
 Before we pay any distribution, whether for U.S. federal income tax purposes or otherwise, we must first meet both our operating requirements and obligations to make payments of principal and interest, if any. However, under some circumstances, we may be required to use cash reserves, incur debt or liquidate assets at rates or times that we regard as unfavorable or make a taxable distribution of our shares in order to satisfy REIT distribution requirements. 
 We declared dividends of 0.035 per share for each quarter of 2022, which equates to an annualized rate of 0.14 per share. The Board of Directors will continue its regular review of its dividend and capital allocation policies at each Board meeting. 
 Distribution to Equity Holders 
 Distributions and dividends have been made to equity holders in 2020, 2021 and 2022 as follows (amounts in thousands): 
 Year ended December 31, 2020 65,047 Year ended December 31, 2021 32,764 Year ended December 31, 2022 42,786 
 44 

Stock and Publicly Traded Operating Partnership Unit Repurchase Program 
 
 ESRT's Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to 500 million of our Class A common stock and the Operating Partnership s Series ES, Series 250 and Series 60 operating partnership units through December 31, 2023. Under the program, ESRT may purchase its Class A common stock and our Series ES, Series 250 and Series 60 operating partnership units in accordance with applicable securities laws from time to time in the open market or in privately negotiated transactions. The timing, manner, price and amount of any repurchases will be determined by us at our discretion and will be subject to stock price, availability, trading volume and general market conditions. The authorization does not obligate us to acquire any particular amount of securities, and the program may be suspended or discontinued at our discretion without prior notice. 
 
 The following table summarizes our purchases of equity securities for the year ended December 31, 2022: 
 Period Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plan Maximum Approximate Dollar Value Available for Future Purchase (in thousands) Year ended December 31, 2022 11,571,133 7.79 11,571,133 409,824 
 
 Cash Flows 
 Comparison of Year Ended December 31, 2022 to the Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 Net cash . Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash were 314.7 million and 474.6 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The decrease was primarily due to the acquisition of 298 Mulberry Street in December 2022, higher repurchases of common shares in 2022, higher spending for capital expenditures and higher distributions paid in 2022. 
 Operating activities . Net cash provided by operating activities decreased by 1.3 million to 211.2 million. 
 Investing activities . Net cash used in investing activities increased by 18.2 million to 230.9 million due to higher capital expenditures, partially offset by net proceeds from the disposition of real estate. Net cash used in the acquisition of multifamily assets during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 115.6 million and 117.5 million, respectively. 
 Financing activities . Net cash used in financing activities increased by 47.2 million to 140.2 million primarily due to higher repurchases of common shares and higher dividends and distributions paid. 
 
 Net Operating Income 
 Our financial reports include a discussion of property net operating income, or NOI. NOI is a non-GAAP financial measure of performance. NOI is used by our management to evaluate and compare the performance of our properties and to determine trends in earnings and to compute the fair value of our properties as it is not affected by: (i) the cost of funds of the property owner, (ii) the impact of depreciation and amortization expenses as well as gains or losses from the sale of operating real estate assets that are included in net income computed in accordance with GAAP, (iii) acquisition expenses, loss on early extinguishment of debt and loss from derivative financial instruments, or (iv) general and administrative expenses and other gains and losses that are specific to the property owner. The cost of funds is eliminated from NOI because it is specific to the particular financing capabilities and constraints of the owner and because it is dependent on historical interest rates and other costs of capital as well as past decisions made by us regarding the appropriate mix of capital which may have changed or may change in the future. Depreciation and amortization expenses as well as gains or losses from the sale of operating real estate assets are eliminated because they may not accurately represent the actual change in value in our office or retail properties that result from use of the properties or changes in market conditions. While certain aspects of real property do decline in value over time in a manner that is reasonably captured by depreciation and amortization, the value of the properties as a whole have historically increased or decreased as a result of changes in overall economic conditions instead of from actual use of the property or the passage of time. Gains and losses from the sale of real property vary from property to property and are affected by market conditions at the time of sale which will usually change from period to period. These gains and losses can create distortions when comparing one period to another or when comparing our operating results to the operating results of other real estate companies that have not made similarly-timed purchases or sales. We believe that eliminating these costs from net income is useful because the resulting measure captures the actual revenue, generated and actual expenses incurred in operating our properties as well as trends in occupancy rates, rental rates and operating costs. 
 
 However, the usefulness of NOI is limited because it excludes general and administrative costs, interest expense, depreciation and amortization expense and gains or losses from the sale of properties, and other gains and losses as stipulated by GAAP, the level of capital expenditures and leasing costs necessary to maintain the operating performance of our properties, all of which are significant economic costs. 
 45 

NOI may fail to capture significant trends in these components of net income which further limits its usefulness. 
 NOI is a measure of the operating performance of our properties but does not measure our performance as a whole. NOI is therefore not a substitute for net income as computed in accordance with GAAP. This measure should be analyzed in conjunction with net income computed in accordance with GAAP and discussions elsewhere in this Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations regarding the components of net income that are eliminated in the calculation of NOI. Other companies may use different methods for calculating NOI or similarly titled measures and, accordingly, our NOI may not be comparable to similarly titled measures reported by other companies that do not define the measure exactly as we do. 
 
 The following table presents a reconciliation of our net income, the most directly comparable GAAP measure, to NOI for the periods presented (amounts in thousands): 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net income (loss) 
 63,212 (13,037) (22,889) Add: 
 General and administrative expenses 
 61,765 55,947 62,244 Depreciation and amortization 
 216,894 201,806 191,006 Interest expense 
 101,206 94,394 89,907 Loss on early extinguishment of debt 
 214 86 Income tax expense (benefit) 
 1,546 (1,734) (6,971) Impairment charges 7,723 5,360 IPO litigation expense 1,165 Less: 
 Gain on sale/disposition of properties (33,988) Interest income 
 (4,948) (704) (2,637) Third-party management and other fees 
 (1,361) (1,219) (1,225) Net operating income 
 404,326 343,390 316,046 Other Net Operating Income Data 
 Straight line rental revenue 
 24,562 21,078 5,238 Net increase in rental revenue from the amortization of above and below-market lease assets and liabilities 
 4,758 5,895 3,627 Amortization of acquired below-market ground leases 
 7,831 7,831 7,831 
 
 Funds from Operations ("FFO") 
 We present below a discussion of FFO. We compute FFO in accordance with the White Paper on FFO published by the National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts, or NAREIT, which defines FFO as net income (loss) (determined in accordance with GAAP), excluding impairment writedowns of investments in depreciable real estate and investments in in-substance real estate investments, gains or losses from debt restructurings and sales of depreciable operating properties, plus real estate-related depreciation and amortization (excluding amortization of deferred financing costs), less distributions to non-controlling interests and gains/losses from discontinued operations and after adjustments for unconsolidated partnerships and joint ventures. FFO is a widely recognized non-GAAP financial measure for REITs that we believe, when considered with financial statements determined in accordance with GAAP, is useful to investors in understanding financial performance and providing a relevant basis for comparison among REITs. In addition, FFO is useful to investors as it captures features particular to real estate performance by recognizing that real estate has generally appreciated over time or maintains residual value to a much greater extent than do other depreciable assets. Investors should review FFO, along with GAAP net income, when trying to understand an equity REIT s operating performance. We present FFO because we consider it an important supplemental measure of our operating performance and believe that it is frequently used by securities analysts, investors and other interested parties in the evaluation of REITs. However, because FFO excludes depreciation and amortization and captures neither the changes in the value of our properties that result from use or market conditions nor the level of capital expenditures and leasing commissions necessary to maintain the operating performance of our properties, all of which have real economic effect and could materially impact our results of operations, the utility of FFO as a measure of performance is limited. There can be no assurance that FFO presented by us is comparable to similarly titled measures of other REITs. FFO does not represent cash generated from operating activities and should not be considered as an alternative to net income 
 46 

(loss) determined in accordance with GAAP or to cash flow from operating activities determined in accordance with GAAP. FFO is not indicative of cash available to fund ongoing cash needs, including the ability to make cash distributions. Although FFO is a measure used for comparability in assessing the performance of REITs, as the NAREIT White Paper only provides guidelines for computing FFO, the computation of FFO may vary from one company to another. 
 
 Modified Funds From Operations ("Modified FFO") 
 Modified FFO adds back an adjustment for any above or below-market ground lease amortization to traditionally defined FFO. We consider this a useful supplemental measure in evaluating our operating performance due to the non-cash accounting treatment under GAAP, which stems from the third quarter 2014 acquisition of two option properties following our formation transactions as they carry significantly below market ground leases, the amortization of which is material to our overall results. We present Modified FFO because we consider it an important supplemental measure of our operating performance in that it adds back the non-cash amortization of below-market ground leases. There can be no assurance that Modified FFO presented by us is comparable to similarly titled measures of other REITs. Modified FFO does not represent cash generated from operating activities and should not be considered as an alternative to net income (loss) determined in accordance with GAAP or to cash flow from operating activities determined in accordance with GAAP. Modified FFO is not indicative of cash available to fund ongoing cash needs, including the ability to make cash distributions. 
 
 Core Funds From Operations ("Core FFO") 
 Core FFO adds back to Modified FFO the following items: IPO litigation expense, severance expenses and loss on early extinguishment of debt. The company presents Core FFO because it considers it an important supplemental measure of its operating performance in that it excludes items associated with its IPO and formation transactions and other non-recurring items. There can be no assurance that Core FFO presented by the company is comparable to similarly titled measures of other REITs. Core FFO does not represent cash generated from operating activities and should not be considered as an alternative to net income (loss) determined in accordance with GAAP or to cash flow from operating activities determined in accordance with GAAP. Core FFO is not indicative of cash available to fund ongoing cash needs, including the ability to make cash distributions. In future periods, we may also exclude other items from Core FFO that we believe may help investors compare our results. 
 
 The following table presents a reconciliation of net income, the most directly comparable GAAP measure, to FFO, Modified FFO and Core FFO for the periods presented (amounts in thousands): 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net income (loss) 
 63,212 (13,037) (22,889) Non-controlling interests in other partnerships 243 Private perpetual preferred unit distributions 
 (4,201) (4,201) (4,197) Real estate depreciation and amortization 
 210,522 196,360 184,245 Impairment charges 7,723 5,360 Gain on sale/disposition of properties (33,988) Funds from operations attributable to common stockholders and non-controlled interests 
 235,788 186,845 162,519 Amortization of below-market ground leases 7,831 7,831 7,831 Modified funds from operations attributable to common stockholders and non-controlled interests 
 243,619 194,676 170,350 Loss on early extinguishment of debt 214 86 Severance expenses 3,813 IPO litigation expense 1,165 Core funds from operations attributable to common stockholders and non-controlled interests 
 243,619 194,890 175,414 Weighted average shares and Operating Partnership units 
 Basic 
 268,337 277,420 283,826 Diluted 
 269,948 277,420 283,837 
 Factors That May Influence Future Results of Operations 
 47 

Rental Revenue 
 We derive revenues primarily from rents, rent escalations, expense reimbursements and other income received from tenants under existing leases at each of our properties. Escalations and expense reimbursements consist of payments made by tenants to us under contractual lease obligations to reimburse a portion of the property operating expenses and real estate taxes incurred at each property. 
 We believe that the average rental rates for in-place leases at our properties are generally below the current market rates, although individual leases at particular properties presently may be leased above, at or below the current market rates within its particular submarket. 
 The amount of net rental income and reimbursements that we receive depends principally on our ability to lease currently available space, re-lease space to new tenants upon the scheduled or unscheduled termination of leases or renew expiring leases and to maintain or increase our rental rates. Factors that could affect our rental incomes include, but are not limited to: local, regional or national economic conditions; an oversupply of, or a reduction in demand for, office or retail space; changes in market rental rates; our ability to provide adequate services and maintenance at our properties; and fluctuations in interest rates, all of which could adversely affect our rental income in future periods. Future economic or regional downturns affecting our submarkets, or downturns in our tenants industries, could impair our ability to lease vacant space and renew or re-lease space as well as the ability of our tenants to fulfill their lease commitments, and could adversely affect our ability to maintain or increase the occupancy at our properties. See ITEM 1A. Risk Factors - Risks Relating to the Real Estate Market in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for more information on factors that that may influence future rental revenue. 
 Tenant Credit Risk 
 The economic condition of our tenants may also deteriorate, which could negatively impact their ability to fulfill their lease commitments and in turn adversely affect our ability to maintain or increase the occupancy level and/or rental rates of our properties. Potential tenants may look to consolidate, reduce overhead and preserve operating capital and may also defer strategic decisions, including entering into new, long-term leases at properties. 
 Leasing 
 We signed 1.1 million, 1.0 million, and 0.9 million rentable square feet of new leases, expansions and lease renewals, for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Due to the relatively small number of leases that are signed in any particular quarter, one or more larger leases may have a disproportionately positive or negative impact on average rent, tenant improvement and leasing commission costs for that period. As a result, we believe it is more appropriate when analyzing trends in average rent and tenant improvement and leasing commission costs to review activity over multiple quarters or years. Tenant improvement costs include expenditures for general improvements occurring concurrently with, but that are not directly related to, the cost of installing a new tenant. Leasing commission costs are similarly subject to significant fluctuations depending upon the length of leases being signed and the mix of tenants from quarter to quarter. 
 As of December 31, 2022, there were approximately 1.1 million rentable square feet of space in our commercial portfolio available to lease (excluding leases signed but not yet commenced) representing 11.4 of the net rentable square footage of the properties in our commercial portfolio. In addition, leases representing 5.1 and 6.6 of net rentable square footage of the properties in our commercial portfolio will expire in 2023 and in 2024, respectively. These leases are expected to represent approximately 5.7 and 7.2 , respectively, of our annualized rent for such periods. Our revenues and results of operations can be impacted by expiring leases that are not renewed or re-leased or that are renewed or re-leased at base rental rates equal to, above or below the current average base rental rates. Further, our revenues and results of operations can also be affected by the costs we incur to re-lease available space, including payment of leasing commissions, redevelopments and build-to-suit remodeling that may not be borne by the tenant. See ITEM 1A. Risk Factors - Risks Relating to the Real Estate Market in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional factors for more information. 
 Market Conditions 
 The properties in our commercial portfolio are located in Manhattan and the greater New York metropolitan area, which includes Fairfield County, Connecticut and Westchester County, New York. Positive or negative changes in conditions in these markets, such as business hirings or layoffs or downsizing, industry growth or slowdowns, relocations of businesses, increases or decreases in real estate and other taxes, costs of complying with governmental regulations or changed regulation, can impact our overall performance. See ITEM 1A. Risk Factors - Risks Relating to our Portfolio Concentration in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional factors that that may influence market conditions. 

48 

Observatory Operations 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, the observatory hosted 2,189,000 visitors, compared to 827,000 visitors for the same period in 2021, an increase of 164.7 . Our return of attendance to pre-pandemic levels is closely tied to national and international travel trends, our new reservations-only model of operation, and our desire to provide a better experience with fewer crowds to visitors from whom we receive higher revenues per person. 
 
 Observatory revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 106.0 million, a 155.4 increase from 41.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The observatory revenue increase was driven by higher visitation levels in 2022. 
 Observatory revenue and admissions are dependent upon the following: (i) the number of tourists (domestic and international) that come to New York City and visit the observatory, as well as any related tourism trends; (ii) the prices per admission that can be charged; (iii) seasonal trends affecting the number of visitors to the observatory; (iv) competition, in particular from other new and existing observatories; and (v) weather trends. See ITEM 1A. Risk Factors - Risks Related to Our Non-Real Estate Operations in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional factors that may influence our observatory operations. 
 Operating Expenses 
 Our operating expenses generally consist of depreciation and amortization, real estate taxes, ground lease expenses, repairs and maintenance, security, utilities, property-related payroll, and insurance. Factors that may affect our ability to control these operating costs include: increases in insurance premiums, tax rates, the cost of periodic repair, redevelopment costs and the cost of re-leasing space, the cost of compliance with governmental regulation, including zoning and tax laws, the potential for liability under applicable laws and interest rate levels. If our operating costs increase as a result of any of the foregoing factors, our future cash flow and results of operations may be adversely affected. 
 
 The expenses of owning and operating a property are not necessarily reduced when circumstances, such as market factors and competition, cause a reduction in income from the property. If revenues drop, we may not be able to reduce our expenses accordingly. Costs associated with real estate investments, such as real estate taxes and maintenance generally, will not be materially reduced even if a property is not fully occupied or other circumstances cause our revenues to decrease. As a result, if revenues decrease in the future, static operating costs may adversely affect our future cash flow and results of operations. If similar economic conditions exist in the future, we may experience future losses. See ITEM 1A. Risk Factors - Risks Related to Our Properties in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional factors that may influence our operating expenses. 
 Cost of Funds and Interest Rates 
 As of December 31, 2022, 100 of our debt was fixed rate debt with the inclusion of existing interest rate swap agreements. We may incur variable rate debt to the extent we use available borrowing capacity from our unsecured credit facility. 
 Competition 
 The leasing of real estate is highly competitive in Manhattan and the greater New York metropolitan market in which we operate. We compete with numerous acquirers, developers, owners and operators of commercial real estate, many of which own or may seek to acquire or develop properties similar to ours in the same markets in which our properties are located. The principal means of competition are rent charged, location, services provided and the nature and condition of the facility to be leased. In addition, we face competition from other real estate companies including other REITs, private real estate funds, domestic and foreign financial institutions, life insurance companies, pension trusts, partnerships, individual investors and others that may have greater financial resources or access to capital than we do or that are willing to acquire properties in transactions which are more highly leveraged or are less attractive from a financial viewpoint than we are willing to pursue. In addition, competition from new and existing observatories and/or broadcasting operations could have a negative impact on revenues from our observatory and/or broadcasting operations. Adverse impacts on domestic travel and changes in foreign currency exchange rates may also decrease demand in the future, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. If our competitors offer space at rental rates below current market rates, below the rental rates we currently charge our tenants, in better locations within our markets or in higher quality facilities, we may lose potential tenants and may be pressured to reduce our rental rates below those we currently charge in order to retain tenants when our tenants leases expire. 
 See ITEM 1A. Risk Factors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional factors that that may influence future results of operations. 
 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 Basis of Presentation and Principles of Consolidation 
 49 

The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared in conformity with GAAP and with the rules and regulations of the SEC represent our assets and liabilities and operating results. The consolidated financial statements include our accounts and our wholly owned subsidiaries. All significant intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. 
 We consolidate entities in which we have a controlling financial interest. In determining whether we have a controlling financial interest in a partially owned entity and the requirement to consolidate the accounts of that entity, we consider factors such as ownership interest, board representation, management representation, authority to make decisions, and contractual and substantive participating rights of the partners/members as well as whether the entity is a variable interest entity VIE and we are the primary beneficiary. The primary beneficiary of a VIE is the entity that has (i) the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact the entity's economic performance and (ii) the obligation to absorb losses of the VIE or the right to receive benefits from the VIE that could be significant to the VIE. The primary beneficiary is required to consolidate the VIE. 
 We will assess the accounting treatment for each investment we may have in the future. This assessment will include a review of each entity s organizational agreement to determine which party has what rights and whether those rights are protective or participating. For all VIEs, we will review such agreements in order to determine which party has the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact the entity s economic performance and benefit. In situations where we or our partner could approve, among other things, the annual budget, or leases that cover more than a nominal amount of space relative to the total rentable space at each property, we would not consolidate the investment as we consider these to be substantive participation rights that result in shared power of the activities that would most significantly impact the performance and benefit of such joint venture investment. 
 A non-controlling interest in a consolidated subsidiary is defined as the portion of the equity (net assets) in a subsidiary not attributable, directly or indirectly, to a parent. Non-controlling interests are required to be presented as a separate component of equity in the consolidated balance sheets and in the consolidated statements of income by requiring earnings and other comprehensive income to be attributed to controlling and non-controlling interests. 
 Goodwill 
 Goodwill is tested annually for impairment and is tested for impairment more frequently if events and circumstances indicate that the asset might be impaired. An impairment loss is recognized to the extent that the carrying amount, including goodwill, exceeds the reporting unit s fair value and the implied fair value of goodwill is less than the carrying amount of that goodwill. Non-amortizing intangible assets, such as trade names and trademarks, are subject to an annual impairment test based on fair value and amortizing intangible assets are tested whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. 
 From the quarter ended June 30, 2020 and for each subsequent quarter through our annual goodwill testing on October 1, 2022, we bypassed the optional qualitative goodwill impairment assessment and proceeded directly to a quantitative assessment of the observatory reportable segment and engaged a third-party valuation consulting firm to perform the valuation process. This was done in response to the closure of the observatory on March 16, 2020, due to the COVID-19 pandemic, which was subsequently fully reopened on August 24, 2020. The quantitative analysis used a combination of the discounted cash flow method (a form of the income approach) utilizing Level 3 unobservable inputs and the guideline company method (a form of the market approach). Significant assumptions under the former included revenue and cost projections, weighted average cost of capital, long-term growth rate and income tax considerations while the latter included guideline company enterprise values, revenue multiples and control premium rates. Our methodology to review goodwill impairment, which included a significant amount of judgment and estimates, provided a reasonable basis to determine whether impairment had occurred. Each quantitative analysis performed concluded the fair value of the standalone observatory reporting unit exceeds its carrying value. Many of the factors employed in determining whether or not goodwill is impaired are outside of our control, and it is reasonably likely that assumptions and estimates will change in future periods. We will continue to assess the impairment of the observatory reporting unit goodwill going forward. 
 Income Taxes 
 We are generally not subject to federal and state income taxes as our taxable income or loss is reportable by our partners. Accordingly, no provision has been made for federal and state income taxes. ESRT elected, together with ESRT Observatory TRS, L.L.C., our subsidiary that holds our observatory operations, to treat ESRT Observatory TRS, L.L.C. as a taxable REIT subsidiary ("TRS"), and ESRT has elected, together with ESRT Holdings TRS, L.L.C., our subsidiary that holds our third party management, restaurant, cafeteria, health clubs and certain cleaning operations, to treat ESRT Holdings TRS, L.L.C. as a TRS. TRSs may participate in non-real estate activities and/or perform non-customary services for tenants and their operations are generally subject to regular corporate income taxes. Each of our TRSs account for their income taxes in accordance with GAAP, which includes an estimate of the amount of taxes payable or refundable for the current year and deferred tax liabilities and assets for the future tax consequences of events that have been recognized in our financial statements or tax returns. The calculation of the TRSs tax provisions may require interpreting tax laws and regulations and could result in the use of judgments or estimates which could cause its recorded tax liability to differ from the actual amount due. Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income 
 50 

tax purposes. The TRSs periodically assess the realizability of deferred tax assets and the adequacy of deferred tax liabilities, including the results of local, state, or federal tax audits or estimates and judgments used. 
 As of December 31, 2022, our parent and general partner, Empire State Realty Trust, Inc., had 99.8 million of net operating loss (" NOL") carryforwards that may be used in the future to reduce the amount otherwise required to be distributed by ESRT to meet REIT requirements. However, for federal income tax purposes, the NOL will not be able to offset more than 80 of ESRT s REIT taxable income and, therefore, may not be able to reduce the amount required to be distributed by ESRT to meet REIT requirements to zero. The federal NOL may be carried forward indefinitely. Other limitations may apply to ESRT s ability to use its NOL to offset taxable income. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Observatory TRS had a federal income tax receivable of 2.5 million. This receivable reflects an anticipated refund resulting from the carryback of 2020 NOL to previous tax years. The Observatory TRS has 10.2 million NOL carryforwards that may be used to offset future taxable income, if any. The federal NOL may be carried forward indefinitely and the state and local NOL can be carried forward for up to 20 years. 
 
 We apply provisions for measuring and recognizing tax benefits associated with uncertain income tax positions. Penalties and interest, if incurred, would be recorded as a component of income tax expense. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we do not have a liability for uncertain tax positions. As of December 31, 2022, the tax years ended December 31, 2019 through December 31, 2022 remain open for an audit by the Internal Revenue Service, state or local authorities. 
 Share-Based Compensation 
 Share-based compensation for time-based equity awards is measured at the fair value of the award on the date of grant and recognized as an expense on a straight-line basis over the shorter of (i) the stated vesting period, which is generally three, four or five years, or (ii) the period from the date of grant to the date the employee becomes retirement eligible, which may occur upon grant. An employee is retirement eligible when the employee attains the (i) age of 65 for awards granted in 2020 and after and age of 60 for awards granted before 2020 and (ii) the date on which the employee has first completed ten years of continuous service with us or our affiliates. Share-based compensation for market-based equity awards and performance-based equity awards is measured at the fair value of the award on the date of grant and recognized as an expense on a straight-line basis over three or four years. Additionally, for the performance-based equity awards, we assess, at each reporting period, whether it is probable that the performance conditions will be satisfied. We recognize expense respective to the number of awards we expect to vest at the conclusion of the measurement period. Changes in estimate are accounted for in the period of change through a cumulative catch-up adjustment. Any forfeitures of share-based compensation awards are recognized as they occur. 
 The determination of fair value of these awards is subjective and involves significant estimates and assumptions including expected volatility of ESRT stock, expected dividend yield, expected term, and assumptions of whether these awards will achieve parity with other operating partnership units or achieve performance thresholds. We believe that the assumptions and estimates utilized are appropriate based on the information available to management at the time of grant. 
 Accounting Standards Update 
 See "Financial Statements - Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies" for information about recently issued and recently adopted accounting standards. 
 51 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 Our future income, cash flows and fair values relevant to financial instruments are dependent upon prevalent market interest rates. Market risk refers to the risk of loss from adverse changes in market prices and interest rates. We are exposed to interest rate changes primarily on our unsecured revolving credit facility and debt refinancings. Our objectives with respect to interest rate risk are to limit the impact of interest rate changes on operations and cash flows, and to lower our overall borrowing costs. To achieve these objectives, we may borrow at fixed rates and may enter into derivative financial instruments such as interest rate swaps or caps in order to mitigate our interest rate risk. We do not enter into derivative or interest rate transactions for speculative purposes. 
 Subject to maintaining ESRT's qualification as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes, we may mitigate the risk of interest rate volatility through the use of hedging instruments, such as interest rate swap agreements and interest rate cap agreements. Our primary objectives when undertaking hedging transactions and derivative positions will be to reduce our floating rate exposure and to fix a portion of the interest rate for anticipated financing and refinancing transactions. This in turn will reduce the risk that the variability of cash flows will impose on floating rate debt. However, we can provide no assurances that our efforts to manage interest rate volatility will successfully mitigate the risks of such volatility on our commercial portfolio. We are not subject to foreign currency risk. 
 On March 5, 2021, the Financial Conduct Authority FCA announced that USD LIBOR will no longer be published after June 30, 2023. This announcement has several implications, including setting the spread that may be used to automatically convert contracts from LIBOR to the Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR"). 
 As of December 31, 2022, we have interest rate LIBOR swap and cap agreements and SOFR swap agreements with an aggregate notional value of 574.8 million and which mature between October 1, 2024 and November 1, 2033. These "variable to fixed" interest rate swaps have been designated as cash flow hedges and are deemed highly effective with fair values of 17.9 million which is included in prepaid assets and other expenses on the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2022. Given the phasing out of LIBOR, we have entered into SOFR swap agreements to begin the replacement of our LIBOR swap agreements. Additionally, in August 2022, we amended our BofA Credit Facility and Wells Term Loan Facility to replace LIBOR with SOFR given the phase out of LIBOR. See "Financial Statements - Note 5 Debt" for more information. We will continue to work with our lenders and counterparties to replace or modify, as appropriate, the interest rate provisions in our other LIBOR swap and cap agreements. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the weighted average interest rate on the 2.3 billion of fixed-rate indebtedness outstanding was 3.9 per annum, each with maturities at various dates through March 17, 2035. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the fair value of our outstanding debt was approximately 2.0 billion which was approximately 207.2 million less than the historical book value as of such date. Interest risk amounts were determined by considering the impact of hypothetical interest rates on our financial instruments. These analyses do not consider the effect of any change in overall economic activity that could occur in that environment. Further, in the event of a change of that magnitude, we may take actions to further mitigate our exposure to the change. However, due to the uncertainty of the specific actions that would be taken and their possible effects, these analyses assume no changes in our financial structure. 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 
 The financial statements beginning on Page F-1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K are incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 
 None. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 We maintain disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports under the Exchange Act is processed, recorded, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and regulations and that such information is accumulated and communicated to management, including ESRT's Chief Executive Officer and Principal 
 52 

Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow for timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, and management is required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the end of the period covered by this Report, we carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of ESRT management, including ESRT's Chief Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer, regarding the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures at the end of the period covered by this Report. Based on the foregoing, ESRT's Chief Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer concluded, as of that time, that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective in ensuring that information required to be disclosed by us in reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act (i) is processed, recorded, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms and (ii) is accumulated and communicated to our management, including ESRT's Chief Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow for timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 No significant changes to our internal control over financial reporting were identified in connection with the evaluation referenced above that occurred during the period covered by this report that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 (a) Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Management of Empire State Realty OP, L.P. is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Rule 13(a)-15(f). Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 as required by the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Rule 13(a)-15(c). In making this assessment, we used the criteria set forth in the framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (the "COSO criteria"). Based on our evaluation under the COSO criteria, our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 Ernst Young LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm that audited our Financial Statements included in this Annual Report, has issued an attestation report on our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, which appears in paragraph (b) of this Item 9A. 
 
 (b) Attestation report of the independent registered public accounting firm 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Partners of Empire State Realty OP, L.P. 
 
 Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited Empire State Realty OP, L.P. s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, Empire State Realty OP, L.P. (the Operating Partnership) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the COSO criteria . 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the 2022 consolidated financial statements of the Operating Partnership and our report dated February 28, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 The Operating Partnership s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Operating Partnership s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are 
 53 

required to be independent with respect to the Operating Partnership in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 
 Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 /s/ Ernst Young LLP 
 New York, New York 
 February 28, 2023 
 54 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 
 Not applicable. 

PART III 
 
 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 
 We are managed by Empire State Realty Trust, Inc. in its capacity as our sole general partner. The information required by Item 10 will be set forth in Empire State Realty Trust, Inc.'s definitive proxy statement for its 2022 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (which is scheduled to be held on May 11, 2023), to be filed pursuant to Regulation 14A under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the ESRT Proxy Statement, and is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 
 We are managed by Empire State Realty Trust, Inc. in its capacity as our sole general partner. The information required by Item 11 will be set forth in the ESRT Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 
 The information required by Item 12 will be set forth in the ESRT Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 The information under Item 5 of this Form 10-K under the heading Securities Authorized For Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 
 The information required by Item 13 will be set forth in the ESRT Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 
 The information required by Item 14 will be set forth in the ESRT Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 

PART IV 
 
 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SCHEDULES 
 
 (a) The following documents are filed as part of this report: 
 
 1. The consolidated financial statements are set forth in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 2. The following financial statement schedules should be read in conjunction with the financial statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Schedule III-Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation as of December 31, 2022 on page F-42. 
 
 Schedules other than those listed are omitted as they are not applicable or the required or equivalent information has been included in the financial statements or notes thereto. 
 55 

(b) The exhibits required by Item 601 of Regulation S-K 229.601 of this chapter) are listed below: 

Exhibit Index 
 
 Exhibit No. Description 3.1 
 Certificate of Limited Partnership of Empire State Realty OP, L.P. 
 
 3.2 
 Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Empire State Realty OP, L.P., dated October 1, 2013, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Empire State Realty Trust, Inc.'s Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on November 12, 2013. 
 
 3.3 
 Amendment No. 1 to the Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Empire State Realty OP, L.P., dated August 26, 2014, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 26, 2014. 
 
 3.4 
 Amendment No. 2 to the Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Empire State Realty OP, L.P., dated December 6, 2019, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 12, 2019. 
 
 4.1 
 Description of Securities of Empire State Realty OP, L.P. Registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Amended 
 
 4.2 
 Indenture, dated August 12, 2014, by and among Empire State Realty OP, L.P., as issuer, Empire State Realty Trust, Inc., and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as trustee, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 12, 2014. 
 10.1 
 Contribution Agreement among Empire Realty Trust, Inc., Empire Realty Trust, L.P. and certain members of the Malkin Group listed on the signature pages thereto, dated November 28, 2011, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to Empire State Realty Trust, Inc.'s Form S-11 (Registration No. 333-179485), filed with the SEC on February 13, 2012. 
 10.2 
 Amended and Restated Contribution Agreement among Empire Realty Trust, Inc., Empire Realty Trust, L.P. and certain entities affiliated with the Helmsley estate listed on the signature pages thereto, dated July 2, 2012, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to Amendment No. 7 to Empire State Realty Trust, Inc.'s Form S-11 (Registration No. 333-179485), filed with the SEC on September 19, 2013. 
 10.3 
 Form of Contribution Agreement among Empire Realty Trust, Inc., Empire Realty Trust, L.P. and each of the private existing entities that contributed properties in the consolidation, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to Empire State Realty Trust, Inc.'s Form S-11 (Registration No. 333-179485), filed with the SEC on February 13, 2012. 
 10.4 
 Form of Contribution Agreement among Empire State Realty Trust, Inc., Empire Realty OP, L.P. and each of the public existing entities that contributed properties in the consolidation, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to Empire State Realty Trust, Inc.'s Form S-11 (Registration No. 333-179485), filed with the SEC on February 13, 2012. 
 10.5 
 Representation, Warranty and Indemnity Agreement among Empire Realty Trust, Inc., Empire Realty Trust, L.P., Anthony E. Malkin, Cynthia M. Blumenthal and Scott D. Malkin, dated November 28, 2011, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to Empire State Realty Trust, Inc.'s Form S-11 (Registration No. 333-179485), filed with the SEC on February 13, 2012. 
 10.6 
 Form of Merger Agreement among Empire Realty Trust, Inc., Empire Realty Trust, L.P. and each of the predecessor management companies, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to Empire State Realty Trust, Inc.'s Form S-11 (Registration No. 333-179485), filed with the SEC on February 13, 2012. 
 10.7+ 
 First Amended and Restated Empire State Realty Trust, Inc. Empire State Realty OP, L.P. 2013 Equity Incentive Plan (as amended and restated as of April 4, 2016), incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the Registrant's Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on May 5, 2016. 
 10.8 
 Registration Rights Agreement among Empire State Realty Trust, Inc. and the persons named therein, dated October 7, 2013, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Empire State Realty Trust, Inc.'s Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on November 12, 2013. 
 10.9 
 Tax Protection Agreement among Empire State Realty Trust, Inc., Empire State Realty OP, L.P., and the parties named therein, dated October 7, 2013, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Empire State Realty Trust, Inc.'s Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on November 12, 2013. 
 10.10 
 Indemnification Agreement among Empire State Realty Trust, Inc. and Peter L. Malkin, dated October 7, 2013, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Empire State Realty Trust, Inc.'s Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on November 12, 2013. 
 
 56 

10.11 
 Indemnification Agreement among Empire State Realty Trust, Inc. and Anthony E. Malkin, dated October 7, 2013, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to Empire State Realty Trust, Inc.'s Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on November 12, 2013. 
 10.13 
 Indemnification Agreement among Empire State Realty Trust, Inc. and Thomas P. Durels, dated October 7, 2013, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to Empire State Realty Trust, Inc.'s Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on November 12, 2013. 
 10.14 
 Indemnification Agreement among Empire State Realty Trust, Inc. and Thomas N. Keltner, Jr., dated October 7, 2013, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to Empire State Realty Trust, Inc.'s Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on November 12, 2013. 
 10.15 
 Indemnification Agreement among Empire State Realty Trust, Inc. and Christina Chiu, dated April 20, 2020 incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant's Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on May 6, 2020. 
 10.16 
 Form of Empire State Realty Trust, Inc. Independent Director Indemnification Agreement, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.22 to Empire State Realty Trust's Form 10-K filed with the SEC on February 28, 2018. 
 10.17+ 
 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement between Empire State Realty Trust, Inc. and Anthony E. Malkin, dated April 5, 2016, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.32 to the Registrant's Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on May 5, 2016. 
 10.18 
 Change in Control Severance Agreement between Empire State Realty Trust, Inc. and Christina Chiu, dated April 13, 2020 incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Registrant's Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on May 6, 2020. 
 10.20+ 
 Amended and Restated Change in Control Severance Agreement between Empire State Realty Trust, Inc. and Thomas P. Durels, dated April 5, 2016, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.35 to the Registrant's Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on May 5, 2016. 
 10.22 
 Note Purchase Agreement, dated March 27, 2015, among Empire State Realty OP, L.P., Empire State Realty Trust, Inc. and the purchasers named therein, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant's Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 30, 2015. 
 10.23 
 Registration Rights Agreement among Empire State Realty Trust, Inc. and the persons named therein, dated July 15, 2014, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant's Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 21, 2014. 
 10.25 
 Form of Asset and Property Management Agreement, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.18 to Amendment No. 6 to Empire State Realty Trust, Inc.'s Form S-11 (Registration No. 333-179485), filed with the SEC on September 6, 2013. 
 10.26 
 Form of Services Agreement, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.19 to Amendment No. 6 to Empire State Realty Trust, Inc.'s Form S-11 (Registration No. 333-179485), filed with the SEC on September 6, 2013. 
 10.28 
 Note Purchase Agreement, dated December 13, 2017, among Empire State Realty OP, L.P., Empire State Realty Trust, Inc. and the purchasers named therein, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant's Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 14, 2017. 
 10. 29 + 
 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement between Empire State Realty Trust, Inc. and Anthony E. Malkin, dated October 6 2021, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant's Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 6, 2021. 
 10.30+ 
 Empire State Realty Trust, Inc. Empire State Realty OP, L.P. 2019 Equity Incentive Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit A to the Company's Definitive Proxy Statement filed with the SEC on April 4, 2019. 
 10.31+ 
 Form of Restricted Stock Agreement (Time Based), incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-8 (Registration No. 333-231544), filed with the SEC on May 16, 2019. 
 10.32+ 
 Form of LTIP Agreement (Performance- Based), incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 to the Registration Statement on Form S-8 (Registration No. 333-231544), filed with the SEC on May 16, 2019. 
 10.33+ 
 Form of LTIP Agreement (Time-Based), incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.3 to the Registration Statement on Form S-8 (Registration No. 333-231544), filed with the SEC on May 16, 2019. 
 10.34 
 Empire State Realty OP, L.P.,Empire State Realty Trust, Inc. 100,000,000 3.61 Series G Senior Notes due March 17, 2032, 75,000,000 3.73 Series H Senior Notes due March 17, 2035 Note Purchase Agreement dated March 17, 2020 incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 23, 2020. 
 10.37 
 First Amended and Restated Empire State Realty Trust, Inc. Empire State Realty OP, L.P. 2019 Equity Incentive Plan As Amended and Restated as of July 13, 2020 incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to Empire State Realty Trust, Inc. Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on August 10, 2020. 
 10.39+ 
 Form of LTIP Agreement (Executive Officer, Time Based) incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Empire State Realty OP, L.P. Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on August 5, 2021. 
 
 57 

10.40+ 
 Form of LTIP Agreement (Executive Officer, Performance Based) incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Empire State Realty OP, L.P. Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on August 5, 2021. 
 10.41+ 
 Form of LTIP Agreement (Executive Officer or Director, Immediate Vest) incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Empire State Realty OP, L.P. Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on August 5, 2021. 
 10.42+ 
 Form of LTIP Agreement (Director, Time-Based) incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Empire State Realty OP, L.P. Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on August 5, 2021. 
 10.62 
 Second Amendment, dated as of August 29, 2022, to that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of March 19, 2020, among Empire State Realty Trust, Inc., Empire State Realty OP, L.P., the subsidiary guarantors party thereto, the lenders party thereto, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as administrative agent incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.62 to the Empire State Realty OP, L.P. Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on November 3, 2022. 
 10.63 
 Third Amendment, dated as of August 29, 2022, to that certain Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated August 29, 2017, among Empire State Realty Trust, Inc., Empire State Realty OP, L.P. , the subsidiary guarantors party thereto, the lenders party thereto, and Bank of America, N.A. , as administrative agent incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.62 to the Empire State Realty OP, L.P. Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on November 3, 2022. 
 21.1 
 Subsidiaries of Registrant 
 23.1 
 Consent of Ernst Young LLP 
 31.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.2 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.2 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101.INS XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Document 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definitions Document 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Document 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL with applicable taxonomy extension information contained in Exhibits 101.) 99.1 
 Articles of Amendment and Restatement of Empire State Realty Trust, Inc., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Amendment No. 8 to Empire State Realty Trust, Inc.'s Form S-11 (Registration No.333-179485), filed with the SEC on September 27, 2013. 
 99.2 
 Third Amended and Restated Bylaws of Empire State Realty Trust, Inc., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant's Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 7, 2019. 
 
 Notes: Filed herewith. + Indicates management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement required to be filed or incorporated by reference as an exhibit to this Form 10-K pursuant to Item 15(b) of Form 10-K. 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 
 None. 
 
 58 

SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 EMPIRE STATE REALTY OP, L.P. 
 By: Empire State Realty Trust, Inc., its general partner 
 
 Date: February 28, 2023 By: /s/ Anthony E. Malkin 
 Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Date: February 28, 2023 By: /s/ Christina Chiu 
 Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 
 
 Date: February 28, 2023 By: /s/ Stephen V. Horn 
 Senior Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer 
 (Principal Accounting Officer) 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Exchange Act, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of Empire State Realty Trust, Inc., as general partner of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 Signature Title Date /s/ Anthony E. Malkin Chairman of the Board of Directors, President and Chief Executive Officer February 28, 2023 
 Anthony E. Malkin (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ Christina Chiu 
 Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 
 February 28, 2023 
 Christina Chiu 
 /s/ Stephen V. Horn Senior Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer February 28, 2023 
 Stephen V. Horn (Principal Accounting Officer) /s/ Thomas J. DeRosa Director February 28, 2023 
 Thomas J. DeRosa /s/ Steven J. Gilbert Lead Independent Director February 28, 2023 
 Steven J. Gilbert /s/ S. Michael Giliberto Director February 28, 2023 
 S. Michael Giliberto /s/ Patricia S. Han Director February 28, 2023 
 Patricia S. Han /s/ Grant H. Hill Director February 28, 2023 
 Grant H. Hill /s/ R. Paige Hood Director February 28, 2023 
 R. Paige Hood /s/ James D. Robinson IV Director February 28, 2023 
 James D. Robinson IV 
 59 

EMPIRE STATE REALTY OP, L.P. 
 
 INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 PAGE Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 F- 1 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 F- 3 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 F- 4 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 F- 5 
 Consolidated Statements of Capital for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 F- 6 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 F- 7 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements F- 9 
 Financial Statement Schedule: Schedule III - Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation F- 42 

60 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Partners of Empire State Realty OP, L.P. 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements: 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Empire State Realty OP, L.P. (the Operating Partnership) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income (loss), capital and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and financial statement schedule listed in the Index at Item 15(a) (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Operating Partnership at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Operating Partnership's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework), and our report dated February 28, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 
 Basis for Opinion : 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Operating Partnership s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Operating Partnership s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Operating Partnership in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 

F-1 

Valuation of goodwill - observatory Description of the Matter At December 31, 2022, the Company s goodwill related to the observatory reporting unit was 227.5 million as disclosed in Note 4 to the consolidated financial statements. As discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, goodwill is tested for impairment at least annually or more frequently if there are indicators of impairment. 
 The Company determined that interim impairment evaluations of goodwill were necessary for the observatory reporting unit and engaged a third-party valuation specialist to perform valuation procedures. Similarly, the Company performed its annual impairment testing as of October 1, 2022. 
 Auditing management s goodwill impairment tests were complex due to the highly judgmental nature of the assumptions used. The fair value estimates were sensitive to significant assumptions such as revenue and cost projections and the weighted average cost of capital, which are affected by expectations about future market and economic conditions. 
 How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design, and tested the operating effectiveness of controls over the Company s goodwill impairment process, including controls over management s review of the significant assumptions described above. To test the implied fair value of the Company s observatory reporting unit, we performed audit procedures that included, among other procedures, assessing the methodologies and testing the significant assumptions and underlying data used by the Company. We utilized internal valuation specialists in assessing the fair value methodologies applied and evaluating the reasonableness of certain assumptions selected by management. We compared the significant assumptions used by management to current industry and economic trends, recent historical performance, and other relevant factors, and performed sensitivity analyses of significant assumptions to evaluate the changes in the fair value of the observatory reporting unit that would result from changes in the assumptions. 

/s/ 
 We have served as the Operating Partnership s auditor since 2010. 
 
 February 28, 2023 

F-2 

Empire State Realty OP, L.P. 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (amounts in thousands, except unit and per unit amounts) ASSETS December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Commercial real estate properties, at cost: 
 Land Development costs Building and improvements Less: accumulated depreciation ) ) Commercial real estate properties, net Assets held for sale Cash and cash equivalents 
 Restricted cash 
 Tenant and other receivables Deferred rent receivables Prepaid expenses and other assets 
 Deferred costs, net 
 Acquired below market ground leases, net 
 Right of use assets 
 Goodwill 
 Total assets LIABILITIES AND CAPITAL Liabilities: Mortgage notes payable, net Senior unsecured notes, net Unsecured term loan facilities, net Unsecured revolving credit facility Accounts payable and accrued expenses Acquired below market leases, net Ground lease liabilities Deferred revenue and other liabilities Tenants security deposits Liabilities related to assets held for sale Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies Capital: Private perpetual preferred units: Series 2019 preferred units, per unit liquidation preference, issued and outstanding in 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 Series 2014 preferred units, per unit liquidation preference, issued and outstanding in 2022 and 2021 
 Series PR operating partnership units: ESRT partners' capital and general partner operating partnership units and and limited partner operating partnership units outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively) 
 Limited partners' interests and limited partner operating partnership units outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively) 
 Series ES operating partnership units and limited partner operating partnership units outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively) 
 ) Series 60 operating partnership units and limited partner operating partnership units outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively) 
 ) Series 250 operating partnership units and limited partner operating partnership units outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively) 
 ) Total Empire State Realty OP, L.P.'s capital Non-controlling interest in other partnerships Total capital Total liabilities and capital 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements 
 F-3 

Empire State Realty OP, L.P. 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 (amounts in thousands, except per unit amounts) 
 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Revenues: Rental revenue Observatory revenue Lease termination fees Third-party management and other fees Other revenue and fees Total revenues Operating expenses: Property operating expenses Ground rent expenses General and administrative expenses Observatory expenses Real estate taxes Impairment charges Depreciation and amortization Total operating expenses Total operating income 
 Other income (expense): Interest income Interest expense ) ) ) Gain on sale/disposition of properties Loss on early extinguishment of debt ) ) IPO litigation expense ) Income (loss) before income taxes ) ) Income tax (expense) benefit ) Net income (loss) ) ) Private perpetual preferred unit distributions ) ) ) Net loss attributable to non-controlling interest in other partnerships Net income (loss) attributable to common unitholders ) ) Total weighted average units: Basic Diluted Earnings (loss) per unit: Basic ) ) Diluted ) ) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements 
 F-4 

Empire State Realty OP, L.P. 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 (amounts in thousands) 
 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net income (loss) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss): Unrealized gain (loss) on valuation of interest rate swap agreements ) Amount reclassified into interest expense Other comprehensive income (loss) ) Comprehensive income (loss) ) ) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements 
 
 F-5 

Empire State Realty OP, L.P. 
 Consolidated Statements of Capital 
 (amounts in thousands) 
 Series PR Operating Partnership Units Series ES Operating Partnership Units Limited Partners Series 60 Operating Partnership Units Limited Partners Series 250 Operating Partnership Units Limited Partners General Partner Limited Partners Private Perpetual Preferred Units Private Perpetual Preferred Units Operating Partnership Units Operating Partnership Unitholders Operating Partnership Units Operating Partnership Unitholders Operating Partnership Units Operating Partnership Unitholders Operating Partnership Units Operating Partnership Unitholders Operating Partnership Units Operating Partnership Unitholders Non-controlling Interest in Other Partnerships Total Capital Balance at December 31, 2019 Issuance of private perpetual preferred in exchange for OP units ) ) Conversion of operating partnership units and Class B shares to ESRT Partner's Capital ) ) ) ) ) ) Repurchases of common units ) ) ) Equity compensation Distributions ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Net income (loss) ) ) ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive loss ) ) ) ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2020 ) ) ) Conversion of operating partnership units and Class B shares to ESRT Partner's Capital ) ) ) ) ) Repurchases of common units ) ) ) Contributions to consolidated joint venture interests Equity compensation Distributions ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Net income (loss) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income Balance at December 31, 2021 ) ) ) Conversion of operating partnership units and Class B shares to ESRT Partner's Capital ) ) ) ) ) Repurchases of common units ) ) ) Contributions to consolidated joint venture interests Equity compensation Distributions ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Net income ) Other comprehensive income Balance at December 31, 2022 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements 
 F-6 

Empire State Realty OP, L.P. 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (amounts in thousands) 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Cash Flows From Operating Activities Net income (loss) ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Gain on sale/disposition of properties ) Impairment charges Amortization of non-cash items within interest expense Amortization of acquired above and below-market leases, net ) ) ) Amortization of acquired below-market ground leases Straight-lining of rental revenue ) ) ) Equity based compensation Settlement of derivative contract ) Loss on early extinguishment of debt Increase (decrease) in cash flows due to changes in operating assets and liabilities: Security deposits ) ) ) Tenant and other receivables ) Deferred leasing costs ) ) ) Prepaid expenses and other assets ) ) Accounts payable and accrued expenses ) ) Deferred revenue and other liabilities ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash Flows From Investing Activities Net proceeds from disposition of real estate Additions to building and improvements ) ) ) Development costs ) ) Acquisition of real estate property ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements 

F-7 

Empire State Realty OP, L.P. 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (continued) 
 (amounts in thousands) For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Cash Flows From Financing Activities Proceeds from mortgage notes payable Repayment of mortgage notes payable ) ) ) Proceeds from unsecured senior notes Proceeds from unsecured term loan Repayment of unsecured term loan ) Proceeds from unsecured revolving credit facility Repayment of unsecured revolving credit facility ) Contributions from consolidated joint ventures Deferred financing costs ) ) Repurchases of common units ) ) ) Private perpetual preferred unit distributions ) ) ) Distributions ) ) ) Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities ) ) Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash ) ) Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash end of period Reconciliation of Cash and Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash: Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period Restricted cash at beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents at end of period Restricted cash at end of period Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information: Cash paid for interest Cash paid for income taxes Non-cash investing and financing activities: Building and improvements included in accounts payable and accrued expenses Write-off of fully depreciated assets Derivative instruments at fair values included in prepaid expenses and other assets Derivative instruments at fair values included in accounts payable and accrued expenses Conversion of operating partnership units and Class B shares to Class A shares Transfer of assets related to assets held for sale Transfer of liabilities related to assets held for sale Mortgage assumed in connection with sale of real estate Issuance of Series 2019 private perpetual preferred in exchange for operating partnership units Debt assumed with the acquisition of real estate properties Contribution from other partnerships 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements 
 F-8 

Empire State Realty OP, L.P. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 1. 
 per share, is listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol "ESRT." We were organized as a Delaware limited partnership on November 28, 2011. 
 ESRT as the sole general partner in our company, has responsibility and discretion in the management and control in our company, and our limited partners, in such capacity, have no authority to transact business for, or participate in the management activities of our company. As of December 31, 2022, ESRT owned approximately of our operating partnership units. 
 As of December 31, 2022, our office and retail portfolio contained million rentable square feet of office and retail space, and was occupied. Including signed leases not yet commenced, our total office and retail portfolio was leased. As of December 31, 2022, we owned office properties (including long-term ground leasehold interests) encompassing approximately million rentable square feet of office space, which were approximately occupied or leased including signed leases not yet commenced. properties are located in the midtown Manhattan market and encompass approximately million rentable square feet of office space, including the Empire State Building. Our Manhattan office and multifamily properties also contain million rentable square feet of premier retail space on their ground floor and/or contiguous levels. office properties are located in Fairfield County, Connecticut and Westchester County, New York, encompassing approximately million rentable square feet. The majority of the square footage for these properties is located in densely populated metropolitan communities with immediate access to mass transportation. Additionally, we have entitled land at the Stamford Transportation Center in Stamford, Connecticut, adjacent to one of our office properties, that will support the development of an approximately million rentable square foot office building and garage, which we refer to herein as Metro Tower. As of December 31, 2022, our commercial portfolio also included standalone retail properties located in Manhattan and standalone retail properties located in the city center of Westport, Connecticut, encompassing million rentable square feet in the aggregate. On February 1, 2023, the retail properties in Westport, Connecticut were sold. Note 3 Acquisitions and Dispositions. As of December 31, 2022, our standalone retail properties were leased. Additionally, as of December 31, 2022, our portfolio included multifamily properties located in Manhattan totaling units of which were leased. 
 entities that elected, together with ESRT, to be treated as taxable REIT subsidiaries, or TRSs, of ESRT. The TRSs, through several wholly owned limited liability companies, conduct third-party services businesses, which include the Empire State Building observatory, cleaning services, cafeteria, restaurant and health clubs, and asset and property management services. 
 
 2. 

F-9 

Accounting Estimates 
 
 Revenue Recognition 
 F-10 

million and million, respectively, and is included in deferred revenue and other liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets. 
 Gains on Sale/Disposition of Real Estate 
 We record a gain on sale of real estate pursuant to provisions under Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) 610-20, Gains and Losses from the Derecognition of Nonfinancial Assets. Under ASC 610-20, we must first determine whether the transaction is a sale to a customer or non-customer. We do not sell real estate within the ordinary course of our business and therefore, expect that sale transactions will not be contracts with customers. We will next determine whether we would have a controlling financial interest in the property after the sale. If we determine that we do not have a controlling financial interest in the real estate, we would evaluate whether a contract exists under ASC 606 Revenue from Contracts with Customers and whether the buyer has obtained control of the asset that was sold. We recognize the full gain on sale of real estate when the derecognition criteria under ASC 610-20 have been met. 
 Third-Party Management and Other Fees 
 
 Other Revenues and Fees 
 
 Advertising and Marketing Costs 
 The expense for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively, and is included within operating expenses in our consolidated statements of operations. 
 Real Estate Properties and Related Intangible Assets 
 capitalized interest for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 years, the useful life, or the remaining term of any leasehold interest. Tenant improvement costs, which are included in building and improvements in the consolidated balance sheets, are depreciated over the shorter of (i) the related remaining lease term or (ii) the life of the improvement. Corporate and other equipment is depreciated over three to . 
 F-11 

During the fourth quarter 2021, we suspended debt service related to a million mortgage secured by our property in Norwalk, Connecticut and we identified this action as an indicator of impairment. We concluded that the cost basis of the asset exceeded its fair value when considering our reduced holding period given our intent to transfer property ownership to the lender. As such, we incurred a million impairment charge in the year ended December 31, 2021. Our methodology to calculate the fair value of the property involved a combination of the discounted cash flow method, utilizing Level 3 unobservable inputs such as market capitalization rates obtained from external sources, and the market- based approach utilizing recent sales comparables. During April 2022, we transferred 383 Main Avenue, Norwalk CT back to the lender in a consensual foreclosure. Refer to Note 3 Acquisitions and Dispositions. We do not believe that the value of any of our other properties and intangible assets were impaired during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 
 Cash and Cash Equivalents 
 
 Restricted Cash 
 
 Short-term Investments 

Tenant and Other Receivables 
 F-12 

Deferred Leasing Costs 
 
 Deferred Financing Costs 
 
 Equity Method Investments 
 
 Goodwill 
 
 Fair Value 
 
 F-13 

Derivative Instruments 
 
 Income Taxes 
 
 F-14 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we do not have a liability for uncertain tax positions. As of December 31, 2022, the tax years ended December 31, 2019 through December 31, 2022 remain open for an audit by the Internal Revenue Service, state or local authorities. 
 Share-Based Compensation 
 , or (ii) the period from the date of grant to the date the employee becomes retirement eligible, which may occur upon grant. An employee is retirement eligible when the employee attains the (i) age of for awards granted in 2020 and after and age of for awards granted before 2020 and (ii) the date on which the employee has first completed of continuous service with us or our affiliates. Share-based compensation for market-based equity awards and performance-based equity awards is measured at the fair value of the award on the date of grant and recognized as an expense on a straight-line basis over three or . Additionally, for the performance-based equity awards, we assess, at each reporting period, whether it is probable that the performance conditions will be satisfied. We recognize expense respective to the number of awards we expect to vest at the conclusion of the measurement period. Changes in estimate are accounted for in the period of change through a cumulative catch-up adjustment. Any forfeitures of share-based compensation awards are recognized as they occur. 
 
 Per Unit Data 
 
 Segment Reporting 
 reportable segments: (1) Real Estate and (2) Observatory. Our real estate segment includes all activities related to the ownership, management, operation, acquisition, repositioning and disposition of our real estate assets. Our observatory segment operates the 86th and 102nd floor observatories at the Empire State Building. These lines of businesses are managed separately because each business requires different support infrastructures, provides different services and has dissimilar economic characteristics such as investments needed, stream of revenues and different marketing strategies. We account for intersegment sales and rent as if the sales or rent were to third parties, that is, at current market prices. 
 
 Recently Issued or Adopted Accounting Standards 
 
 F-15 

3. 
 
 free-market, full service multifamily asset located at 298 Mulberry Street in Manhattan for a purchase price of million. 298 Mulberry Street is located at the intersection of East Houston Street and Mulberry Street, walking distance to New York University s campus in the NoHo neighborhood of Manhattan. In addition to the residential units, the property also contains retail space leased to CVS and a garage. The purchase price is the fair value at the date of acquisition. 
 On December 22, 2021, we acquired of multifamily assets located in Manhattan, the Victory (561 10th Avenue) and 345 East 94th Street, previously owned by a joint venture of Fetner Properties and an institutional owner. The total transaction value was million, inclusive of million of debt on the Victory, that matures in 2033 and has an effective interest rate of , and million of debt on 345 East 94th Street, that matures in 2030 and has an effective interest rate of . Fetner Properties retained a equity stake and continues to manage onsite operations. We will asset manage the properties and have control over all decision making through our voting interests in each entity. Additionally, we have the right to assume day-to-day management for no additional consideration. The fair value of the non-controlling interest retained by Fetner Properties was equivalent to , the equity stake they retained, of the gross purchase price less their pro-rata share of the debt assumed. The purchase price of the non-controlling interest is its fair value at the date of acquisition. 
 
 ) The Victory 12/22/2021 ) 345 East 94th St. 12/22/2021 ) Includes total capitalized transaction costs of million. 

Dispositions 
 
 During April 2022, we transferred 383 Main Avenue, Norwalk CT, which was encumbered by a million mortgage, back to the lender in a consensual foreclosure and recognized a non-cash gain of million, which is included in Gain on sale/disposition of properties in our condensed consolidated statement of operations. Prior to the consummation of this transaction, in December 2021, we recorded a million impairment charge on the property as we had concluded the cost basis of the asset exceeded its fair value given our reduced holding period and new intent to transfer property ownership to the lender. 
 
 On December 7, 2022, we closed on the sale of 10 Bank Street in White Plains, NY, which was encumbered by a million mortgage, at a gross asset valuation of million and recorded a gain of million, which is included in Gain on sale/disposition of properties in our consolidated statement of operations. 
 
 In December 2022, we also entered into a purchase and sale agreement for 500 Mamaroneck Avenue in Harrison, NY at a gross asset valuation of million. This transaction is expected to close in the first quarter of 2023, subject to customary closing conditions. The assets and related liabilities of the 500 Mamaroneck property are classified as held for sale in our consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2022 having met the held for sale criteria set forth in ASC 360 Property, Plant, and Equipment. 
 
 F-16 

million. The Westport sale was a related party transaction approved in accordance with the Company's protocols. See Note 11 Related Party Transactions . 
 
 4. 
 Acquired in-place lease value and deferred leasing costs Acquired above-market leases Less: accumulated amortization ) ) Total deferred costs, net, excluding net deferred financing costs 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, million and million, respectively, of net deferred financing costs associated with the unsecured revolving credit facility was included in deferred costs, net on the consolidated balance sheets. 
 Amortization expense related to deferred leasing and acquired deferred leasing costs was million, million, and million, for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. Amortization expense related to acquired lease intangibles was million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Less: accumulated amortization ) ) Acquired below-market ground leases, net) ) Less: accumulated amortization Acquired below-market leases, net ) ) 
 Rental revenue related to the amortization of below market leases, net of above market leases was million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The remaining weighted-average amortization period as of December 31, 2022 is years, years, years and years for below-market ground leases, in-place leases and deferred leasing costs, above-market leases and below-market leases, respectively. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had goodwill of million. In 2013, we acquired the interests in Empire State Building Company, L.L.C. and 501 Seventh Avenue Associates, L.L.C. for an amount in excess of their net tangible and 
 F-17 

million to the observatory operations of the Empire State Building, million to Empire State Building, and million to 501 Seventh Avenue. 
 From the quarter ended June 30, 2020 and for each subsequent quarter through our annual goodwill testing in October 2022, we bypassed the optional qualitative goodwill impairment assessment and proceeded directly to a quantitative assessment of the observatory reportable segment and engaged a third-party valuation consulting firm to perform the valuation process. This was done in response to the closure of the observatory on March 16, 2020, due to the COVID-19 pandemic, which was subsequently fully reopened on August 24, 2020. The quantitative analysis used a combination of the discounted cash flow method (a form of the income approach) utilizing Level 3 unobservable inputs and the guideline company method (a form of the market approach). Significant assumptions under the former included revenue and cost projections, weighted average cost of capital, long-term growth rate and income tax considerations while the latter included guideline company enterprise values, revenue multiples and control premium rates. Our methodology to review goodwill impairment, which included a significant amount of judgment and estimates, provided a reasonable basis to determine whether impairment had occurred. Each quantitative analysis performed concluded the fair value of the standalone observatory reporting unit exceeds its carrying value. Many of the factors employed in determining whether or not goodwill is impaired are outside of our control, and it is reasonably likely that assumptions and estimates will change in future periods. We will continue to assess the impairment of the observatory reporting unit goodwill going forward. 

F-18 

5. 
 
 11/5/2024 10 Union Square 4/1/2026 1542 Third Avenue 5/1/2027 First Stamford Place (3) 
 7/1/2027 1010 Third Avenue and 77 West 55th Street 1/5/2028 250 West 57th Street 12/1/2030 10 Bank Street (4) 
 383 Main Avenue (5) 
 1333 Broadway 2/5/2033 345 East 94th Street - Series A of LIBOR plus 
 11/1/2030 345 East 94th Street - Series B LIBOR plus 
 11/1/2030 561 10th Avenue - Series A of LIBOR plus 
 11/1/2033 561 10th Avenue - Series B LIBOR plus 
 11/1/2033 Total fixed rate mortgage debt Senior unsecured notes: (6) 
 Series A 3/27/2025 Series B 3/27/2027 Series C 3/27/2030 Series D 1/22/2028 Series E 3/22/2030 Series F 3/22/2033 Series G 3/17/2032 Series H 3/17/2035 Unsecured revolving credit facility (6)(7) 
 SOFR plus 
 3/31/2025 Unsecured term loan facility (6)(7) 
 SOFR plus 
 3/19/2025 Unsecured term loan facility (6)(7) 
 SOFR plus 
 12/31/2026 Total principal Deferred financing costs, net ) ) Unamortized debt discount ) ) Total 
 _____________ 
 
 (1) The effective rate is the yield as of December 31, 2022 and includes the stated interest rate, deferred financing cost amortization and interest associated with variable to fixed interest rate swap agreements. 
 (2) Pre-payment is generally allowed for each loan upon payment of a customary pre-payment penalty. 
 (3) Represents a million mortgage loan bearing interest of and a million loan bearing interest at . 
 (4) 10 Bank Street was sold in December 2022. 
 (5) Ownership of 383 Main Avenue, Norwalk CT was transferred to the lender during April 2022. 
 (6) At December 31, 2022, we were in compliance with all debt covenants. 
 (7) As of August 29, 2022, the benchmark index interest rate was converted from LIBOR to SOFR, plus a benchmark adjustment of basis points. 

F-19 

2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total principal maturities 
 Deferred Financing Costs 
 Less: accumulated amortization ) ) Total deferred financing costs, net 
 Amortization expense related to deferred financing costs was million, million, and million, for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and was included in interest expense. 
 Mortgage Debt 
 Mortgage debt of million on our 383 Main Avenue property in Norwalk, Connecticut was in default as of December 31, 2021. We had suspended debt service as of November 1, 2021 and we identified this action as an indicator of impairment. We concluded that the cost basis of the asset exceeded its fair value when considering our reduced holding period given our intent to transfer property ownership to the lender. We believe this action was in the best interest of our shareholders given the challenging fundamentals of the Norwalk, CT submarket. During the quarter ended December 31, 2021, we had incurred an million impairment charge on the same property. Refer to Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies. During April 2022, we transferred 383 Main Avenue, Norwalk CT back to the lender in a consensual foreclosure. Refer to Note 3 Acquisitions and Dispositions. Except as noted above, we were not in default on any of our loan agreements as of December 31, 2021.We were not in default on any of our loan agreements as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Unsecured Revolving Credit and Term Loan Facilities 
 
 On August 29, 2022, we entered into a third amendment to our amended and restated credit agreement dated August 29, 2017 with Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent and the other lenders party thereto, which governs our senior unsecured revolving credit facility and term loan facility (collectively, the BofA Credit Facility ). The BofA Credit Facility is in the initial maximum principal amount of up to billion, which consists of a million revolving credit facility that matures on March 31, 2025, and a million term loan facility that matures on March 19, 2025. The third amendment revised the terms of the BofA Credit Facility to (i) replace LIBOR with SOFR given the phase out of LIBOR and (ii) permit the addition of multifamily assets as Unencumbered Eligible Property (as defined therein) and add a capitalization rate for such assets. As of December 31, 2022, we had borrowings under the revolving credit facility and million under the term loan facility. 
 
 On August 29, 2022, we entered into a second amendment to our credit agreement dated March 19, 2020 with Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as administrative agent, and the other lenders party thereto, which governs a senior unsecured term loan facility (the Wells Term Loan Facility ). The Wells Term Loan Facility is in the original principal amount of million and matures on December 31, 2026. The second amendment revised the terms of the Wells Term Loan Facility to (i) replace LIBOR with SOFR given the phase out of LIBOR and (ii) permit the addition of multifamily assets as Unencumbered Eligible Property (as defined therein) and add a capitalization rate for such assets. We may request the Wells Term Loan Facility be increased through one or more increases or the addition of new pari passu term loan tranches, for a maximum aggregate principal amount not to exceed million. As of December 31, 2022, our borrowings amounted to million under the Wells Term Loan Facility. 
 F-20 

6. 
 
 Accounts payable and accrued expenses Interest rate swap agreements liability Accrued interest payable Due to affiliated companies Total accounts payable and accrued expenses 

7. 
 
 million that became effective in August 2022 and fixed the interest rate on of our term loans. This replaced the million swap which had fixed the interest rate on a portion of our outstanding term loans balance. 
 F-21 

million and million, respectively. The notional value does not represent exposure to credit, interest rate or market risks. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the fair value of our derivative instruments amounted to million, which is included in prepaid expenses and other assets and million), which is included in accounts payable and accrued expenses on the consolidated balance sheets. These interest rate swaps have been designated as cash flow hedges and hedge the variability in future cash flows associated with our existing variable-rate term loan facilities. Interest rate caps not designated as hedges are not speculative and are used to manage our exposure to interest rate movements, but do not meet the strict hedge accounting requirements. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, our cash flow hedges are deemed highly effective and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, net unrealized gains of million and million, respectively, are reflected in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss) relating to both active and terminated cash flow hedges of interest rate risk. Amounts reported in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) related to derivatives will be reclassified to interest expense as interest payments are made on the debt. We estimate that million net gain of the current balance held in accumulated other comprehensive loss will be reclassified into interest expense within the next 12 months. 
 
 1 Month LIBOR August 31, 2017 August 24, 2022 ) Interest rate swap of 1 Month LIBOR 
 December 1, 2021 November 1, 2030 ) Interest rate swap of 1 Month LIBOR 
 December 1, 2021 November 1, 2033 ) Interest rate swap of 1 Month LIBOR 
 December 1, 2021 November 1, 2033 ) Interest rate swap 1 Month LIBOR December 1, 2021 November 1, 2030 ) Interest rate cap of 1 Month LIBOR 
 December 1, 2021 October 1, 2024 Interest rate cap 1 Month LIBOR December 1, 2021 October 1, 2024 Interest rate swap SOFR Compound August 31, 2022 December 31, 2026 Interest rate swap SOFR Compound August 19, 2022 March 19, 2025 Interest rate swap SOFR OIS Compound August 19, 2022 March 19, 2025 ) 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2020, we terminated a million swap and paid a settlement fee of million. 
 ) Amount of loss reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) into interest expense ) ) ) 
 
 The table below shows the effect of our derivative financial instruments designated as cash flow hedges on the consolidated statements of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 (amounts in thousands): 
 F-22 

) ) Amount of loss reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) into interest expense ) ) ) 
 
 Fair Valuation 
 The estimated fair values at December 31, 2022 and 2021 were determined by management, using available market information and appropriate valuation methodologies. Considerable judgment is necessary to interpret market data and develop estimated fair value. Accordingly, the estimates presented herein are not necessarily indicative of the amounts we could realize on disposition of the financial instruments. The use of different market assumptions and/or estimation methodologies may have a material effect on the estimated fair value amounts. 
 
 Mortgage notes payable Senior unsecured notes - Series A, B, C, D, E, F, G and H Unsecured term loan facilities 
 December 31, 2021 Carrying Value Estimated Fair Value Total Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Interest rate swaps included in accounts payable and accrued expenses Mortgage notes payable Senior unsecured notes - Series A, B, C, D, E and F Unsecured term loan facility 

8. 
 
 years. Certain leases have renewal options for additional terms. The leases provide for base monthly rentals and reimbursements for real estate taxes, escalations linked to the consumer price index or common area maintenance known as operating expense escalation. Operating expense reimbursements are reflected in our December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 consolidated statements of operations as rental revenue. 
 
 Rental revenue includes fixed and variable payments. Fixed payments primarily relate to base rent and variable payments primarily relate to tenant expense reimbursements for certain property operating costs. 
 F-23 

Variable payments Total rental revenue 

2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter 
 The above future minimum lease payments exclude tenant recoveries and the net accretion of above-below-market lease intangibles. Some leases are subject to termination options generally upon payment of a termination fee. The preceding table is prepared assuming such options are not exercised. 
 
 Lessee 
 We determine if an arrangement is a lease at inception. Our operating lease agreements relate to ground lease assets and are reflected in right-of-use assets of million and lease liabilities of million in our consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2022. Right-of-use assets represent our right to use an underlying asset for the lease term and lease liabilities represent our obligation to make lease payments arising from the lease. Right-of-use assets and liabilities are recognized at the commencement date based on the present value of lease payments over the lease term. Variable lease payments are excluded from the right-of-use assets and lease liabilities and are recognized in the period in which the obligation for those payments is incurred. 
 We make payments under ground leases related to of our properties. The ground leases are due to expire between the years 2050 and 2077, inclusive of extension options, and have no variable payments or residual value guarantees. As our leases do not provide an implicit rate, we determined our incremental borrowing rate based on information available at the date of adoption of ASU No. 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842), in determining the present value of lease payments. The weighted average incremental borrowing rate used to calculate the right-of-use assets and lease liabilities as of December 31, 2022 was . Rent expense for lease payments related to our operating leases is recognized on a straight-line basis over the non-cancellable term of the leases. The weighted average remaining lease term as of December 31, 2022 was years. 

2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total undiscounted lease payments Present value discount ) Ground lease liabilities 
 F-24 

9. 
 former investors (the "Claimants") in Empire State Building Associates L.L.C. ESBA ), which prior to the initial public offering of our company (the "Offering"), owned the fee title to the Empire State Building, filed an arbitration with the American Arbitration Association against Peter L. Malkin, Anthony E. Malkin, Thomas N. Keltner, Jr., and our subsidiary ESRT MH Holdings LLC, the former supervisor of ESBA, (the "Respondents"). The statement of claim (also filed later in federal court in New York for the expressed purpose of tolling the statute of limitations) alleges breach of fiduciary duty and related claims in connection with the Offering and formation transactions and seeks monetary damages and declaratory relief. Claimants had opted out of a prior class action bringing similar claims that was settled with court approval. Respondents filed an answer and counterclaims. In March 2015, the federal court action was stayed on consent of all parties pending the arbitration. Arbitration hearings started in May 2016 and concluded in August 2018. On August 26, 2020, the arbitration panel issued an award that denied all Claimants claims with one exception, on which it awarded Claimants approximately million, inclusive of of interest through October 2, 2020. This amount was recorded as an IPO litigation expense in the consolidated statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 
 Respondents believe that such award in favor of the Claimants is entirely without merit and sought to vacate that 
 portion of the award. On September 27, 2021, the court denied Respondents' motion to vacate and entered judgement in the 
 aforementioned amount, inclusive of accumulated interest. Respondents have appealed that ruling. On May 10, 2022, Respondents moved to dismiss the appeal and judgment on the grounds that a recent decision of the United States Supreme Court held that the federal courts have no subject matter jurisdiction over the case. Claimants opposed the motion, which is pending. The appeals court has scheduled argument on the appeal and motion for April 10, 2023. In addition, certain of the Claimants in the federal court action sought to pursue claims in that case against Respondents. Respondents believe that any such claims are meritless. The magistrate judge assigned to the action has issued a Report and Recommendation rejecting Claimants claims; the district judge will decide whether to adopt the Report and Recommendation. 
 
 Pursuant to indemnification agreements which were made with our directors, executive officers and chairman emeritus as part of our formation transactions, Anthony E. Malkin, Peter L. Malkin and Thomas N. Keltner, Jr. have defense and indemnity rights from us with respect to this arbitration. 
 
 Unfunded Capital Expenditures 
 At December 31, 2022, we estimate that we will incur approximately million of capital expenditures (including tenant improvements and leasing commissions) on our properties pursuant to existing lease agreements. We expect to fund these capital expenditures with operating cash flow, additional property level mortgage financings, our unsecured credit facility, cash on hand and other borrowings. Future property acquisitions may require substantial capital investments for refurbishment and leasing costs. We expect that these financing requirements will be met in a similar fashion. 
 
 Concentration of Credit Risk 
 Financial instruments that subject us to credit risk consist primarily of cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash, short-term investments, tenant and other receivables and deferred rent receivables. At December 31, 2022, we held on deposit at various major financial institutions cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash balances in excess of amounts insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation . 
 
 Real Estate Investments 
 Our properties are located in Manhattan, New York; Fairfield County, Connecticut; and Westchester County, New York. The latter locations are suburbs of the city of New York. The ability of the tenants to honor the terms of their respective leases is dependent upon the economic, regulatory and social factors affecting the markets in which the tenants operate. We perform ongoing credit evaluations of our tenants for potential credit losses. 
 
 Tenant Credit Evaluations 
 F-25 

and of rental revenues, no other tenant in our portfolio accounted for more than 2.0 of rental revenues. For the year ended December 31, 2021, other than four tenants who accounted for , , and of rental revenues, no other tenant in our commercial portfolio accounted for more than 2.0 of rental revenues. For the year ended December 31, 2020, other than two tenants who accounted for and of rental revenues, no other tenant in our portfolio accounted for more than 2.0 of rental revenues. 
 properties listed below accounted for the highest respective percentages of total rental revenues. 
 One Grand Central Place 111 West 33rd Street 1400 Broadway 250 West 57th Street First Stamford Place 
 Asset Retirement Obligations 
 We are required to accrue costs that we are legally obligated to incur on retirement of our properties which result from acquisition, construction, development and/or normal operation of such properties. Retirement includes sale, abandonment or disposal of a property. Under that standard, a conditional asset retirement obligation represents a legal obligation to perform an asset retirement activity in which the timing and/or method of settlement is conditional on a future event that may or may not be within a company s control and a liability for a conditional asset retirement obligation must be recorded if the fair value of the obligation can be reasonably estimated. Environmental site assessments and investigations have identified asbestos or asbestos-containing building materials in certain of our properties. As of December 31, 2022, management has no plans to remove or alter these properties in a manner that would trigger federal and other applicable regulations for asbestos removal, and accordingly, the obligations to remove the asbestos or asbestos-containing building materials from these properties have indeterminable settlement dates. As such, we are unable to reasonably estimate the fair value of the associated conditional asset retirement obligation. However ongoing asbestos abatement, maintenance programs and other required documentation are carried out as required and related costs are expensed as incurred. 
 Other Environmental Matters 
 Certain of our properties have been inspected for soil contamination due to pollutants, which may have occurred prior to our ownership of these properties or subsequently in connection with its development and/or its use. Required remediation to such properties has been completed and, as of December 31, 2022, management believes that there are no obligations related to environmental remediation other than maintaining the affected sites in conformity with the relevant authority s mandates and filing the required documents. All such maintenance costs are expensed as incurred. We expect that resolution of the environmental matters relating to the above will not have a material impact on our business, assets, consolidated and combined financial condition, results of operations or liquidity. However, we cannot be certain that we have identified all environmental liabilities at our properties, that all necessary remediation actions have been or will be undertaken at our properties or that we will be indemnified, in full or at all, in the event that such environmental liabilities arise. 
 Insurance Coverage 
 F-26 

million and million, respectively. The Form 5500 is not yet available for the plan year June 30, 2022. 
 The Health Plan was established under the terms of collective bargaining agreements between the Union, the Realty Advisory Board on Labor Relations, Inc. and certain other employers. The Health Plan provides health and other benefits to eligible participants employed in the building service industry who are covered under collective bargaining agreements, or other written agreements, with the Union. The Health Plan is administered by a Board of Trustees with equal representation by the employers and the Union and operates under employer identification number 13-2928869. The Health Plan receives contributions in accordance with collective bargaining agreements or participation agreements. Generally, these agreements provide that the employers contribute to the Health Plan at a fixed rate on behalf of each covered employee. For the plan years ended June 30, 2020, and June 30, 2021, the Health Plan received contributions from employers totaling billion and billion, respectively. The Form 5500 is not yet available for the plan year June 30, 2022. 

Term of Collective Bargaining Agreements 
 Our collective bargaining agreement for local 32BJ commenced from January 1, 2020 and runs through December 31, 2023. We are also a signatory to a second collective bargaining agreement for local 32BJ with a term from April 21, 2022 to April 20, 2026 for our residential properties. 
 
 Contributions 
 
 F-27 

Health Plans Other Total plan contributions 

Pension plans include million, million and million for the years ended 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, to multiemployer plans not discussed above. 
 Health plans include million, million and million for the years ended 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, to multiemployer plans not discussed above. 
 Other consists of union costs which were not itemized between pension and health plans. Other includes million, million and million for the years ended 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, in connection with other multiemployer plans not discussed above. 

10. 
 million operating partnership units outstanding, of which approximately million, or , were owned by ESRT and approximately million, or , were owned by other partners, including ESRT directors, members of senior management and other employees. 
 On May 16, 2019, the Empire State Realty Trust, Inc. Empire State Realty OP, L.P. 2019 Equity Incentive Plan 2019 Plan was approved by our shareholders. The 2019 Plan provides for grants to directors, employees and consultants of our company and operating partnership, including options, restricted stock, restricted stock units, stock appreciation rights, performance awards, dividend equivalents and other equity-based awards. An aggregate of approximately million shares of our common stock are authorized for issuance under awards granted pursuant to the 2019 Plan. We will not issue any new equity awards under the First Amended and Restated Empire State Realty Trust, Inc. and Empire State Realty OP, L.P. 2013 Equity Incentive Plan ("2013 Plan", and collectively with the 2019 Plan, "the Plans"). The shares of ESRT Class A common stock underlying any awards under the 2019 Plan and the 2013 Plan that are forfeited, canceled or otherwise terminated, other than by exercise, will be added back to the shares of ESRT Class A common stock available for issuance under the 2019 Plan. Shares tendered or held back upon exercise of a stock option or settlement of an award under the 2019 Plan or the 2013 Plan to cover the exercise price or tax withholding and shares subject to a stock appreciation right that are not issued in connection with the stock settlement of the stock appreciation right upon exercise thereof, will not be added back to the shares of ESRT Class A common stock available for issuance under the 2019 Plan. In addition, shares of ESRT Class A common stock repurchased on the open market will not be added back to the shares of ESRT Class A common stock available for issuance under the 2019 Plan. 
 Long-term incentive plan ("LTIP") units are a special class of partnership interests. Each LTIP unit awarded will be deemed equivalent to an award of one share of ESRT stock under the Plans, reducing the availability for other equity awards on a -for-one basis. The vesting period for LTIP units, if any, will be determined at the time of issuance. Under the terms of the LTIP units, we will revalue for tax purposes its assets upon the occurrence of certain specified events, and any increase in valuation from the time of grant until such event will be allocated first to the holders of LTIP units to equalize the capital accounts of such holders with the capital accounts of unitholders. Subject to any agreed upon exceptions, once vested and having achieved parity with unitholders, LTIP units are convertible into operating partnership units on a -for-one basis. 
 LTIP units subject to time-based vesting, whether vested or not, receive the same per unit distributions as OP Units, which equal per share dividends (both regular and special) on our common stock. LTIP units subject to market-based vesting receive of such distributions currently, unless and until such LTIP units are earned based on performance, at which time they will receive the accrued and unpaid and will commence receiving of such distributions thereafter. 
 
 F-28 

million of ESRT Class A common stock and the Operating Partnership s Series ES, Series 250 and Series 60 operating partnership units from January 1, 2022 through December 31, 2023. Under the program, ESRT may purchase ESRT Class A common stock and we may purchase our Series ES, Series 250 and Series 60 operating partnership units in accordance with applicable securities laws from time to time in the open market or in privately negotiated transactions. The timing, manner, price and amount of any repurchases will be determined by ESRT and us at our discretion and will be subject to stock price, availability, trading volume and general market conditions. The authorization does not obligate ESRT or us to acquire any particular amount of securities, and the program may be suspended or discontinued at ESRT and our discretion without prior notice. 

Private Perpetual Preferred Units 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, there were Series 2019 Preferred Units ("Series 2019 Preferred Units") and Series 2014 Private Perpetual Preferred Units ("Series 2014 Preferred Units"). The Series 2019 Preferred Units have a liquidation preference of per unit and are entitled to receive cumulative preferential annual cash distributions of per unit payable in arrears on a quarterly basis. The Series 2019 Preferred Units are not redeemable at the option of the holders and are redeemable at our option only in the case of specific defined events. The Series 2014 Preferred Units which have a liquidation preference of per unit and are entitled to receive cumulative preferential annual cash distributions of per unit payable in arrears on a quarterly basis. The Series 2014 Preferred Units are not redeemable at the option of the holders and are redeemable at our option only in the case of specific defined events. 
 Distributions 
 September 15, 2022 September 30, 2022 June 15, 2022 June 30, 2022 March 15, 2022 March 31, 2022 December 20, 2021 December 31, 2021 September 15, 2021 September 30, 2021 June 15, 2021 June 30, 2021 June 19, 2020 June 30, 2020 March 16, 2020 March 31, 2020 
 
 Total distributions paid to OP unitholders and Preferred unitholders during 2022, 2021 and 2020 totaled million, million and million, respectively. 
 
 Incentive and Share-Based Compensation 
 
 The Plans provide for grants to directors, employees and consultants consisting of stock options, restricted stock, dividend equivalents, stock payments, performance shares, LTIP units, stock appreciation rights and other incentive awards. An aggregate of million shares of ESRT common stock are authorized for issuance under awards granted pursuant to the 
 F-29 

million shares of ESRT common stock remain available for future issuance under the Plans. 
 In March 2022, we made grants of LTIP units to executive officers under the 2019 Plan, including a total of LTIP units that are subject to time-based vesting, LTIP units that are subject to market-based vesting and units that are subject to performance-based vesting with fair market values of million, million and million, respectively. In March 2022, we made grants of LTIP units and restricted stock to certain other employees under the 2019 Plan, including a total of LTIP units and shares of restricted stock that are subject to time-based vesting, 
 LTIP units that are subject to market-based vesting and LTIP units that are subject to performance-based vesting, with fair market values of million and million, respectively, for the time-based vesting awards, million for the market-based vesting awards and million for the performance-based vesting awards. The awards subject to time-based vesting vest ratably over four years, subject generally to the grantee's continued employment, with the first installment vesting on January 1, 2023. The vesting of the LTIP units subject to market-based vesting is based on the achievement of relative total stockholder 
 return hurdles over a performance period, commencing on January 1, 2022. The vesting of the LTIP units subject to performance-based vesting is based on the achievement of (i) operational metrics over a performance period, subject to a absolute TSR modifier, and (ii) environmental, social and governance ("ESG") metrics over a performance period, in each case, commencing on January 1, 2022. Following the completion of the respective performance periods, our Compensation and Human Capital Committee will determine the number of LTIP units to which the grantee is entitled based on our performance relative to the performance hurdles set forth in the LTIP unit award agreements the grantee entered in connection with the award grant. These units then vest in equal installments, on January 1, 2025 and January 1, 
 2026, subject generally to the grantee's continued employment on those dates. 
 
 In March 2022, we also made one-time additional grants of LTIP units and restricted stock to an executive officer and certain other employees under the 2019 Plan. At such time, we granted the executive officer LTIP units that are subject to time-based vesting and we granted to certain other employees a total of LTIP units and shares of restricted stock that are subject to time-based vesting, with a fair market value of million and million, respectively. These awards are subject to time-based vesting and vest over , subject generally to the grantee's continued employment. 
 The first installment vests on January 1, 2025, the second installment vests on January 1, 2026 and the remainder of will vest on January 1, 2027. 
 
 In 2022 and prior years, our named executive officers could elect to receive their annual incentive bonus in any combination of (i) cash or vested LTIPs at the face amount of such bonus or (ii) time-vesting LTIPs which would vest over , subject to continued employment, at a premium over such face amount for awards granted in 2021 and 2022; for years prior to 2021). In March 2022, we made grants of LTIP units to executive officers under the 2019 Plan in connection with the 2021 bonus election program. We granted to executive officers a total of LTIP units that are subject to time-based vesting with a fair market value of million. Of these LTIP units, LTIP units vested immediately on the grant date and LTIP units vest ratably over from January 1, 2022, subject generally to the grantee's continued employment. The first installment vests on January 1, 2023, and the remainder will vest thereafter in equal annual installments. 
 
 Annually, we also make grants of LTIP units to our non-employee directors under the 2019 Plan. In 2022, each of our directors received of their annual base retainer in the form of equity vesting ratably over , and could elect to receive the remaining of such base retainer in (i) cash at the face value of the award, (ii) immediately vesting equity at the face value of the award, or (iii) equity vesting ratably over at of the face amount. Each director could elect to receive any equity portion of the base retainer in either (i) LTIP units or (ii) restricted shares of our Class A common stock. In accordance with each director's election, we granted a total of LTIP units that are subject to time-based vesting with fair market values of million. The LTIP units vest ratably over three or from the date of the grant, based on grantee election, subject generally to the director's continued service on our Board of Directors. We also granted LTIP units that are subject to immediate vesting with fair market values of million. 
 
 Share-based compensation for time-based equity awards is measured at the fair value of the award on the date of grant and recognized as an expense on a straight-line basis over the shorter of (i) the stated vesting period, which is generally three , four or , or (ii) the period from the date of grant to the date the employee becomes retirement eligible, which may occur upon grant. An employee is retirement eligible when the employee attains the (i) age of for awards granted in 2020 and after, and age of for awards granted before 2020 and (ii) the date on which the employee has first completed of continuous service with us or our affiliates. Share-based compensation for market-based equity awards and performance-based equity awards is measured at the fair value of the award on the date of grant and recognized as an expense on a straight-line basis over t three or . Additionally, for the performance-based equity awards, we assess, at each reporting period, 
 F-30 

million, million and million, respectively. The weighted-average per unit or share fair value was , and for grants issued in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The per unit or share granted in 2022 was estimated on the respective dates of grant using the following assumptions: an expected life from to years, a dividend rate of , a risk-free interest rate from to , and an expected price volatility from to .The per unit or share granted in 2021 was estimated on the respective dates of grant using the following assumptions: an expected life from to years, a dividend rate of , a risk-free interest rate from to , and an expected price volatility from to . The per unit or share granted in 2020 was estimated on the respective dates of grant using the following assumptions: an expected life from to years, a dividend rate of , a risk-free interest rate from to , and an expected price volatility from to . No other stock options, dividend equivalents, or stock appreciation rights were issued or outstanding in 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 
 Vested ) ) ) ) Granted Forfeited or unearned ) ) ) Unvested balance at December 31, 2022 
 
 The total fair value of LTIP units and restricted stock that vested during 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively. 
 The time-based LTIPs and restricted stock awards are treated for accounting purposes as immediately vested upon the later of (i) the date the grantee attains the age of or , as applicable, and (ii) the date on which the grantee has first completed of continuous service with our company or its affiliates. For award agreements that qualify, we recognize noncash compensation expense on the grant date for the time-based awards and ratably over the vesting period for the market-based and performance-based awards, and accordingly, we recognized million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Unrecognized compensation expense was million at December 31, 2022, which will be recognized over a weighted average period of years. 
 For the remainder of the LTIP unit awards, we recognized noncash compensation expense ratably over the vesting period, and accordingly, we recognized million, million and million in noncash compensation expense for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Unrecognized compensation expense was million at December 31, 2022, which will be recognized over a weighted average period of years. 
 F-31 

) ) Private perpetual preferred unit distributions ) ) ) Net income attributable to non-controlling interests in other partnerships Earnings allocated to unvested shares Net income (loss) attributable to common unitholders - basic and diluted Denominator: Weighted average units outstanding - basic Effect of dilutive securities: Stock-based compensation plans Weighted average shares outstanding - diluted Earnings per unit - basic and diluted 
 , and antidilutive shares and LTIP units for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

11. 
 
 million, to an entity affiliated with our Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, Anthony E. Malkin (the Westport Transaction ). The Company determined to make the sale to the related party entity after a marketed sale process conducted from February 2022 through August 2022 through a broker in which it received several third-party bids. Deals with third party purchasers failed to materialize due to adverse changes in capital market conditions during that time. The Westport Transaction materialized due to timing because the related party entity had recently completed a sale of property and was in the market for exchange property to defer tax in a 1031 exchange, and the Company recently executed on the acquisition of 298 Mulberry Street. The million valuation for the Westport Transaction is in the range of the bids the Company received during the marketed sale process. 
 In connection with the Westport Transaction, we advanced a loan to the buyer to facilitate closing with a maximum principal amount of up to million, which bears interest at SOFR plus and requires repayment of principal to the extent of available cash flow of the property. We anticipate that the loan will be fully repaid within one year. Post-sale, we will provide certain supervisory and property management services to the buyer on similar terms as those we provide to our other excluded properties. See Excluded Properties and Businesses below. 
 The Company has a written Related Party Transactions Policy (the Policy which requires the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee to review the material facts of all related party transactions and consider all relevant factors in approving any related party transaction. Further, the Policy provides that a director or executive officer shall not participate in any consideration, discussion or approval of such related party transaction in which he or she is a related party. The Westport Transaction process was completed in compliance with the Policy. 
 
 F-32 

properties, which we refer to in this section as the protected assets. 
 First, this agreement provides that our operating partnership will not sell, exchange, transfer or otherwise dispose of such protected assets, or any interest in a protected asset, until (i) October 7, 2025, with respect to one protected asset, First Stamford Place, and (ii) the later of (x) October 7, 2021 and (y) the death of both Peter L. Malkin and Isabel W. Malkin, who are 89 and 86 years old, respectively, for the three other protected assets, Metro Center, 298 Mulberry Street substituted basis property as contemplated by the tax protection agreement for 10 Bank Street, which was sold on December 7, 2022) and 1542 Third Avenue, unless: 
 (1) Anthony E. Malkin consents to the sale, exchange, transfer or other disposition; or 
 (2) we deliver to each protected party thereunder a cash payment intended to approximate the tax liability arising from the recognition of the pre-contribution built-in gain resulting from the sale, exchange, transfer or other disposition of such protected asset (with the pre-contribution built-in gain being not more than the taxable gain that would have been recognized by such protected party if the protected asset been sold for fair market value in a taxable transaction at the time of the consolidation) plus an additional amount so that, after the payment of all taxes on amounts received pursuant to the agreement (including any tax liability incurred as a result of receiving such payment), the protected party retains an amount equal to such protected party s total tax liability incurred as a result of the recognition of the pre-contribution built-in gain pursuant to such sale, exchange, transfer or other disposition; or 
 (3) the disposition does not result in a recognition of any built-in gain by the protected party. 
 Second, with respect to the Malkin Group, including Anthony E. Malkin and Peter L. Malkin, and one additional third party investor in Metro Center (who was one of the original landowners and was involved in the development of the property), to protect against gain recognition resulting from a reduction in such continuing investor s share of the operating partnership liabilities, the agreement provides that during the period from October 7, 2013 until such continuing investor owns less than the aggregate number of operating partnership units and shares of ESRT common stock equal to of the aggregate number of such units and shares such investor received in the formation transactions, which we refer to in this section as the tax protection period, we will (i) refrain from prepaying any amounts outstanding under any indebtedness secured by the protected assets and (ii) use our commercially reasonable efforts to refinance such indebtedness at or prior to maturity at its current principal amount, or, if we are unable to refinance such indebtedness at its current principal amount, at the highest principal amount possible. The agreement also provides that, during the tax protection period, we will make available to such continuing investors the opportunity (i) to enter into a bottom dollar guarantee of their allocable share of million of our aggregate indebtedness meeting certain requirements or (ii) in the event we have recourse debt outstanding and such a continuing investor agrees, in lieu of guaranteeing debt pursuant to clause (i) above, to enter into a deficit restoration obligation, in each case, in a manner intended to provide an allocation of our liabilities to the continuing investor. In the event that a continuing investor guarantees our debt, such continuing investor will be responsible, under certain circumstances, for the repayment of the guaranteed amount to the lender in the event that the lender would otherwise recognize a loss on the loan, such as, for example, if property securing the loan was foreclosed and the value was not sufficient to repay a certain amount of the debt. A deficit restoration obligation is a continuing investor s obligation, under certain circumstances, to contribute a designated amount of capital to us upon our liquidation in the event that our assets are insufficient to repay our liabilities. 
 Because we expect that we will at all times have sufficient liabilities to allow us to meet our obligations to allocate liabilities to our partners that are protected parties under the tax protection agreement, our indemnification obligation with respect to certain tax liabilities would generally arise only in the event that we dispose in a taxable transaction of a protected asset within the period specified above in a taxable transaction. In the event of such a disposition, the amount of our indemnification obligation would depend on several factors, including the amount of built-in gain, if any, recognized and allocated to the indemnified partners with respect to such disposition and the effective tax rate to be applied to such gain at the 
 F-33 

of ESRT outstanding common shares. 
 Registration Rights 
 We entered into a registration rights agreement with certain persons receiving shares of ESRT common stock or operating partnership units in the formation transactions, including certain members of ESRT's senior management team and our other continuing investors. In connection therewith, we have filed, and are obligated to maintain the effectiveness of, an automatically effective shelf registration statement, along with a prospectus supplement, with respect to, among other things, shares of ESRT Class A common stock that may be issued upon redemption of operating partnership units or issued upon conversion of shares of ESRT Class B common stock to continuing investors in the public existing entities. Pursuant to the registration rights agreement, under certain circumstances, ESRT will also be required to undertake an underwritten offering upon the written request of the Malkin Group, which we refer to as the holder, provided (i) the registrable shares to be registered in such offering will have a market value of at least million, (ii) ESRT will not be obligated to effect more than underwritten offerings during any 12-month period; and (iii) the holder will not have the ability to effect more than underwritten offerings. In addition, if ESRT files a registration statement with respect to an underwritten offering for its own account or on behalf of the holder, the holder will have the right, subject to certain limitations, to register such number of registrable shares held by him, her or it as each such holder requests. With respect to underwritten offerings on behalf of the holder, ESRT will have the right to register such number of primary shares as it requests; provided, however, that if cut backs are required by the managing underwriters of such an offering, ESRT's primary shares shall be cutback first (but in no event will our shares be cut back to less than million). 
 ESRT has also agreed to indemnify the persons receiving rights against specified liabilities, including certain potential liabilities arising under the Securities Act, or to contribute to the payments such persons may be required to make in respect thereof. ESRT has agreed to pay all of the expenses relating to the registration and any underwritten offerings of such securities, including, without limitation, all registration, listing, filing and stock exchange or FINRA fees, all fees and expenses of complying with securities or blue sky laws, all printing expenses and all fees and disbursements of counsel and independent public accountants retained by ESRT, but excluding underwriting discounts and commissions, any out-of-pocket expenses (except ESRT will pay any holder s out-of-pocket fees (including disbursements of such holder s counsel, accountants and other advisors) up to in the aggregate for each underwritten offering and each filing of a resale shelf registration statement or demand registration statement), and any transfer taxes. 
 Employment Agreement and Change in Control Severance Agreements 
 ESRT entered into an employment agreement with Anthony E. Malkin, which provides for salary, bonuses and other benefits, including among other things, severance benefits upon a termination of employment under certain circumstances and the issuance of equity awards. In addition, ESRT entered into change in control severance agreements with Thomas P. Durels and Christina Chiu. 
 F-34 

multi-family properties and net leased retail properties, (including single tenant retail property in Greenwich, Connecticut). The Malkin Group also owns non-controlling interests in Manhattan office property, Manhattan retail properties and several retail properties outside of Manhattan, none of which were contributed to us in the formation transactions. Additionally, in February 2023, ESRT sold its retail properties in Westport, Connecticut to an entity controlled by the Malkin Group (see Sale of Westport Retail Properties above). We refer to the non-controlling interests described above collectively as the excluded properties. In addition, the Malkin Group owns interests in mezzanine (which was repaid in full on December 6, 2022) and senior equity fund and property managers, and which we refer to collectively as the excluded businesses. We do not believe that the excluded properties or the excluded businesses are consistent with our commercial portfolio geographic or property type composition, management or strategic direction. 
 Pursuant to management and/or service agreements with the owners of interests in those excluded properties and services agreements with residential property managers and the managers of certain other excluded businesses which historically were managed by affiliates of our predecessor, we are designated as the asset manager (supervisor) and/or property manager of the excluded properties and will provide services to the owners of certain of the excluded properties and the residential property managers and provide services and access to office space to the existing managers of the other excluded businesses. As the manager or service provider, we are paid a management or other fee with respect to those excluded properties and excluded businesses where our predecessor had previously received a management fee on the same terms as the fee paid to our predecessor, and reimbursed for our costs in providing the management and other services to those excluded properties and businesses where our predecessor had not previously received a management fee. ESRT's management of the excluded properties and provision of services to the residential property managers and the existing managers of the other excluded businesses represent a minimal portion of our overall business. There is no established time period in which we will manage such properties or provide services to the owners of certain of the excluded properties and the residential property managers and provide services and access to office space to the existing managers of the other excluded businesses; and Peter L. Malkin and Anthony E. Malkin expect to sell certain properties or unwind these businesses over time. We are not precluded from acquiring all or certain interests in the excluded properties or businesses. If we were to attempt any such acquisition, we anticipate that Anthony E. Malkin, ESRT's Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, will not participate in the negotiation process on our behalf with respect to our potential acquisition of any of these excluded properties or businesses, and the approval of a majority of ESRT's independent directors will be required to approve any such acquisition. 
 Services are and were provided by us to excluded properties and businesses. These transactions are reflected in our consolidated statements of operations as third-party management and other fees. 
 We earned asset management (supervisory) and service fees from excluded properties and businesses of million, million and million during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 We earned property management fees from excluded properties of million, million and million during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Other 
 We receive rent generally at market rental rate for square feet of leased space from entities affiliated with Anthony E. Malkin at of our properties. Under the lease, the tenant has the right to cancel such lease without special payment on days notice. We also have a shared use agreement with such tenant to occupy a portion of the leased premises as the office location for Peter L. Malkin, our chairman emeritus and employee, utilizing approximately of the space, for which we pay to such tenant an allocable pro rata share of the cost. We also have agreements with these entities and excluded 
 F-35 

million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

12. ) State and local ) ) Total current ) ) Deferred: Federal ) ) State and local ) ) Total deferred ) ) Income tax (expense) benefit ) 
 In March 2020, the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, Economic Security CARES Act was enacted. The CARES Act includes a number of federal tax reliefs, including the carryback of a net operating loss NOL incurred in 2018, 2019 and 2020 to each of the five preceding taxable years to generate a refund of previous paid income taxes. Such NOLs may offset 100 of taxable income for taxable years beginning before 2021 (80 thereafter). Many states, including New York, have not adopted the NOL provisions of the CARES Act and continue to have their own rules with respect to the application of NOLs. For the year ended December 31, 2020, the carryback of Observatory TRS s NOL to previous tax years resulted in a increase of U.S. corporation income tax benefit. 
 As of December 31, 2022, our parent and general partner, Empire State Realty Trust, Inc., had million of NOL carryforwards that may be used in the future to reduce the amount otherwise required to be distributed by ESRT to meet REIT requirements. However, for federal income tax purposes, the NOL will not be able to offset more than 80 of ESRT s REIT taxable income and, therefore, may not be able to reduce the amount required to be distributed by ESRT to meet REIT requirements to zero. The federal NOL may be carried forward indefinitely. Other limitations may apply to ESRT s ability to use its NOL to offset taxable income. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Observatory TRS had a federal income tax receivable of million. This receivable reflects an anticipated refund resulting from the carryback of 2020 NOL to previous tax years. The Observatory TRS has million of NOL carryforwards that may be used to offset future taxable income, if any. The federal NOL may be carried forward indefinitely and the state and local NOL can be carried forward for up to 20 years. 
 
 We measure deferred tax assets using enacted tax rates that will apply in the years in which the temporary differences are expected to be recovered or paid. 
 
 The effective income tax rate is , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 F-36 

State income tax benefit (expense), net of federal benefit ) Corporate income tax rate adjustment Income tax (expense) benefit ) 
 Federal net operating loss carryforward credit New York State net operating loss carryforward credit New York City net operating loss carryforward credit Other deferred tax assets Deferred tax assets 
 Deferred tax assets at December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 are included in prepaid expenses and other assets on the consolidated balance sheets. The deferred tax assets at December 31, 2022 are mainly attributable to the inclusion of the Federal net operating loss to be carried forward and utilized during income years indefinitely and the New York State and New York City net operating loss to be carried forward and utilized during income years for a period of 20 years. valuation allowance has been recorded against the deferred tax asset because the company believes it is more likely than not that the deferred tax asset will be realized. This determination is based on the Observatory TRS s anticipated future taxable income and the reversal of the deferred tax asset. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the TRS entities have amount of unrecognized tax benefits. The federal and state tax returns of 2022, 2021 and 2019 remain open for examination. 
 
 13. 
 reportable segments: (1) real estate and (2) observatory. Our real estate segment includes all activities related to the ownership, management, operation, acquisition, redevelopment, repositioning and disposition of our traditional real estate assets. Our observatory segment operates the 86th and 102nd floor observatories at the Empire State Building. These lines of businesses are managed separately because each business requires different support infrastructures, provides different services and has dissimilar economic characteristics such as investments needed, stream of revenues and different marketing strategies. We account for intersegment sales and rents as if the sales or rents were to third parties, that is, at current market prices. We account for intersegment sales and rents as if the sales or rents were to third parties, that is, at current market prices. 

F-37 

Intercompany rental revenue ) Observatory revenue Lease termination fees Third-party management and other fees Other revenue and fees Total revenues ) Operating expenses: Property operating expenses Intercompany rent expense ) Ground rent expense General and administrative expenses Observatory expenses Real estate taxes Depreciation and amortization Total operating expenses ) Total operating income Other income (expense): Interest income Interest expense ) ) Gain on sale/disposition of properties Income before income taxes Income tax expense ) ) ) Net income Segment assets Expenditures for segment assets 

F-38 

Intercompany rental revenue ) Observatory revenue Lease termination fees Third-party management and other fees Other revenue and fees Total revenues ) Operating expenses: Property operating expenses Intercompany rent expense ) Ground rent expense General and administrative expenses Observatory expenses Real estate taxes Impairment charge Depreciation and amortization Total operating expenses ) Total operating income (loss) ) Other income (expense): Interest income Interest expense ) ) ) Loss on early extinguishment of debt ) ) Loss before income taxes ) ) ) Income tax (expense) benefit ) Net loss ) ) ) Segment assets Expenditures for segment assets 

F-39 

Intercompany rental revenue ) Observatory revenue Lease termination fees Third-party management and other fees Other revenue and fees Total revenues ) Operating expenses: Property operating expenses Intercompany rent expense ) Ground rent expense General and administrative expenses Observatory expenses Real estate taxes Impairment charges Depreciation and amortization Total operating expenses ) Total operating income (loss) ) Other income (expense): Interest income Interest expense ) ) Loss on early extinguishment of debt ) ) IPO litigation expense ) ) Loss before income taxes ) ) ) Income tax (expense) benefit ) Net loss ) ) ) Segment assets Expenditures for segment assets 
 
 During the fourth quarter 2021, we incurred a million impairment charge relating to our property in Norwalk, Connecticut. Our methodology to calculate the fair value of the property involved a combination of the discounted cash flow method, utilizing Level 3 unobservable inputs such as market capitalization rates obtained from external sources, and the market based approach utilizing recent sales comparables. 
 
 During the second quarter 2020, we wrote off million of prior expenditures on a Combined Heat Power/Redundancy onsite power generation project in our real estate segment that is rendered economically unviable due to New York City's Local Law 97 and from its measurement of carbon from natural gas combustion generates fines. During the third quarter 2020, we also wrote off million of prior expenditures on a build-to-suit development project in our real estate segment that was halted due to reconsideration by the user driven by the COVID-19 pandemic. The million and million write-offs 
 F-40 

14. 

F-41 

Empire State Realty OP, L.P. 
 n/a 1954 2014 various 1400 Broadway, New York, NY office / retail n/a 1930 2014 various 1333 Broadway, New York, NY office / retail n/a 1915 2013 various 1350 Broadway, New York, NY office / retail n/a 1929 2013 various 250 West 57th Street, New York, NY office/ retail n/a 1921 1953 various 501 Seventh Avenue, New York, NY office/ retail n/a 1923 1950 various 1359 Broadway, New York, NY office/ retail n/a 1924 1953 various 350 Fifth Avenue (Empire State Building), New York, NY office/ retail n/a 1930 2013 various One Grand Central Place, New York, NY office/ retail n/a 1930 1954 various First Stamford Place, Stamford, CT office n/a 1986 2001 various One Station Place, Stamford, CT (Metro Center) office n/a 1987 1984 various 10 Union Square, New York, NY retail n/a 1987 1996 various 1542 Third Avenue, New York, NY retail n/a 1991 1999 various 1010 Third Avenue, New York, NY and 77 West 55th Street, New York, NY retail n/a 1962 1998 various 69-97 Main Street, Westport, CT (1) retail n/a 1922 2003 various 103-107 Main Street, Westport, CT (1) retail n/a 1900 2006 various 345 E 94th Street NY multi-family n/a 2000 2021 various Victory 561 10th Ave NY multi-family n/a 2004 2021 various 298 Mulberry, New York, NY multi-family n/a 1986 2022 various Property for development at the Transportation Hub in Stamford, CT land n/a n/a n/a n/a Totals 
 1 Property sold on February 1, 2023 

F-42 

Acquisition of new properties Improvements Property classified as held for sale ) Disposals ) ) ) Balance, end of year 
 The unaudited aggregate cost of investment properties for federal income tax purposes as of December 31, 2022 was billion. 
 2 . Reconciliation of Accumulated Depreciation 
 The changes in our accumulated depreciation for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 are as follows: 
 
 2022 2021 2020 Balance, beginning of year Depreciation expense Property classified as held for sale ) Disposals ) ) ) Balance, end of year 
 Depreciation of investment properties reflected in the combined statements of income is calculated over the estimated original lives of the assets as follows: 
 Buildings years or useful life 
 Building improvements years or useful life 
 Tenant improvements Term of related lease 
 F-43 

<EX-21.1>
 2
 exhibit211listofsubsidiari.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

Exhibit 21.1 
 List of subsidiaries of Empire State Realty Trust, Inc. 
 
 Empire State Realty OP, L.P. 
 ESRT 10 BK St., L.L.C. 
 ESRT 10 Union Square, L.L.C. 
 ESRT 103-107 Main St., L.L.C. 
 ESRT 112 West 34th Street GP, L.L.C. 
 ESRT 112 West 34th Street, L.P. 
 ESRT 1333 Broadway, L.L.C. 
 ESRT 1350 Broadway, L.L.C. 
 ESRT 1359 Broadway, L.L.C. 
 ESRT 1400 Broadway GP, L.L.C. 
 ESRT 1400 Broadway, L.P. 
 ESRT 1542 Third Avenue, L.L.C. 
 ESRT 250 West 57th St., L.L.C. 
 ESRT 298 Mulberry, L.L.C. 
 ESRT 500 Mamaroneck Avenue, L.L.C. 
 ESRT 501 Seventh Avenue, L.L.C. 
 ESRT 69-97 Main St., L.L.C. 
 ESRT Captive Insurance Company, L.L.C. 
 ESRT Chesapeake JV, L.L.C. 
 ESRT Chesapeake Owner, L.L.C. 
 ESRT Cleaning TRS, L.L.C. 
 ESRT Dining and Fitness TRS, L.L.C. 
 ESRT East West Manhattan Retail, L.L.C. 
 ESRT Empire State Building G-Parent, L.L.C. 
 ESRT Empire State Building Parent, L.L.C. 
 ESRT Empire State Building, L.L.C. 
 ESRT ESB Fitness TRS, L.L.C. 
 ESRT ESB Restaurant TRS, L.L.C. 
 ESRT First Stamford Place Investor, L.L.C. 
 ESRT First Stamford Place SPE, L.L.C. 
 ESRT Holdings TRS, L.L.C. 
 ESRT Management TRS, L.L.C. 
 ESRT Management, L.L.C. 
 ESRT MerrittView, L.L.C. 
 ESRT Metro Center, L.L.C. 
 ESRT Metro Tower, L.L.C. 
 ESRT MH Holdings, L.L.C. 
 ESRT MV Swap Chesapeake Owner, L.L.C. 
 ESRT MV Swap, L.L.C. 
 ESRT MV Swap Victory Owner, L.L.C. 
 ESRT Observatory TRS, L.L.C. 
 ESRT One Grand Central Place G-Parent, L.L.C. 
 ESRT One Grand Central Place Parent, L.L.C. 
 ESRT One Grand Central Place, L.L.C. 
 ESRT Springing Member One, L.L.C. 
 ESRT Springing Member Two, L.L.C. 
 ESRT Victory JV, L.L.C. 

ESRT Victory Owner, L.L.C. 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 exhibit231consentesrop12-3.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

Exhibit 23.1 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements 
 
 1. Registration Statement (Form S-3 No. 333-219658) of Empire State Realty Trust, Inc. and Empire State Realty OP, L.P., 
 2. Registration Statement (Form S-3 No. 333-199199) of Empire State Realty Trust, Inc. and Empire State Realty OP, L.P., and 
 3. Registration Statement (Form S-3 No. 333-240251) of Empire State Realty Trust, Inc. and Empire State Realty OP, L.P. 
 
 of our reports, dated February 28, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements and schedule of Empire State Realty OP, L.P. and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of Empire State Realty OP, L.P. included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) of Empire State Realty OP, L.P. for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 s Ernst & Young LLP 
 New York, New York 
 February 28, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 exhibit311esrop12-31x22.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 I, Anthony E. Malkin, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Empire State Realty OP, L.P. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated February 28, 2023 
 By s Anthony E. Malkin 
 Anthony E. Malkin 
 Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 exhibit312esrop12-31x22.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 I, Christina Chiu, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Empire State Realty OP, L.P. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures, and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated February 28, 2023 
 By s Christina Chiu 
 Christina Chiu 
 Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer 

2 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 exhibit321esrop12-31x22.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, adopted pursuant to Section 906 of The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned Chief Executive Officer of Empire State Realty OP, L.P. (the Company ), hereby certifies, to his knowledge that the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report ), as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and that the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date February 28, 2023 
 By s Anthony E. Malkin 
 Anthony E. Malkin 
 Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 exhibit322esrop12-31x22.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, adopted pursuant to Section 906 of The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Empire State Realty OP, L.P. (the Company ), hereby certifies, to her knowledge that the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report ), as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and that the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date February 28, 2023 
 By s Christina Chiu 
 Christina Chiu 
 Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 esrt-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 esrt-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 esrt-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 esrt-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 esrt-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

