<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230223_10-K_edgar_data_54381_0000054381-23-000010.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>21768657</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>535273</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3870161</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>7402897</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>5046447</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>4515234</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>15</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000054381-23-000010.hdr.sgml : 20230223
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230223164453
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000054381-23-000010
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		134
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230223
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230223

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			KAMAN Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000054381
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	GUIDED MISSILES & SPACE VEHICLES & PARTS [3760]
		IRS NUMBER:				060613548
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			CT
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35419
		FILM NUMBER:		23660431

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1332 BLUE HILLS AVE
		STREET 2:		PO BOX 1
		CITY:			BLOOMFIELD
		STATE:			CT
		ZIP:			06002
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8602436321

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1332 BLUE HILLS AVE
		STREET 2:		PO BOX 1
		CITY:			BLOOMFIELD
		STATE:			CT
		ZIP:			06002

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	KAMAN CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	KAMAN AIRCRAFT CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19680403

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000054381-23-000010.txt : 20230223

10-K
 1
 kamn-20221231.htm
 10-K

kamn-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended 
 
 Commission File No. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 Registrant's telephone number, including area code 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 
 No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 
 Indicate by checkmark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (Section 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See definitions of large accelerated filer , accelerated filer , smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management's assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 
 240.10D-1(b). 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 
 Yes No 
 The aggregate market value on July 1, 2022, (the last business day of the Company s most recently completed second quarter) of the voting and non-voting common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant, computed by reference to the closing price of the stock, was approximately . 
 At January 27, 2023, there were shares of Common Stock outstanding. 
 
 Documents Incorporated Herein By Reference 
 Portions of our definitive proxy statement for our 2022 Annual Meeting of Shareholders are incorporated by reference into Part III of this Report. 

Kaman Corporation 
 Index to Form 10-K 
 Part I Item 1 Business 
 3 
 Item 1A Risk Factors 
 13 
 Item 1B Unresolved Staff Comments 
 28 
 Item 2 Properties 
 28 
 Item 3 Legal Proceedings 
 29 
 Item 4 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 29 
 Part II Item 5 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 30 
 Item 6 [Reserved] 
 31 
 Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 32 
 Item 7A Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 58 
 Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 59 
 Item 9 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 126 
 Item 9A Controls and Procedures 
 126 
 Item 9B Other Information 
 127 
 Item 9C Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 127 
 Part III Item 10 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 128 
 Item 11 Executive Compensation 
 128 
 Item 12 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 128 
 Item 13 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 129 
 Item 14 Principal Account ant Fees and Services 
 129 
 Part IV Item 15 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedule 
 130 
 Item 16 Form 10-K Summary 
 130 

2 

PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 
 GENERAL 
 
 Kaman Corporation, headquartered in Bloomfield, Connecticut, was incorporated in 1945. As used in this annual report, "the Company", "we", "us", "our" refer to the registrant and its consolidated subsidiaries. We are a diversified company that conducts business in the aerospace and defense, medical and industrial markets. We report information in three business segments: Engineered Products, Precision Products and Structures. The Chief Operating Decision Maker ("CODM") reviews operating results for the purposes of allocating resources and assessing performance based on these three segments. 
 
 The Company's principal customers include the U.S. military, foreign allied militaries, Sikorsky Aircraft Corporation, The Boeing Company, Airbus, Lockheed Martin, Rolls-Royce, Raytheon and Bell Helicopter. The SH-2G aircraft is currently in service with the Egyptian Air Force and the New Zealand, Peruvian and Polish navies. Operations are conducted throughout the United States, as well as in manufacturing facilities located in Germany and the Czech Republic. Additionally, the Company maintains an investment in a joint venture in India. In the year ended December 31, 2022, one individual customer, The Boeing Company, accounted for more than 10 of consolidated net sales, which were primarily made by the Engineered Products and Structures segments. 
 
 Engineered Products Segment 
 
 The Engineered Products segment serves the aerospace and defense, industrial and medical markets providing sophisticated, proprietary aircraft bearings and components; super precision, miniature ball bearings; and proprietary spring energized seals, springs and contacts; and wheels, brakes and related hydraulic components for helicopters and fixed-wing and UAV aircraft. 
 
 Precision Products Segment 
 
 The Precision Products segment serves the aerospace and defense markets providing precision safe and arming solutions for missile and bomb systems for the U.S. and allied militaries; subcontract helicopter work; restoration, modification and support of our SH-2G Super Seasprite maritime helicopters; support of our heavy lift K-MAX manned helicopter; and development of the KARGO UAV unmanned aerial system, a purpose built autonomous medium lift logistics vehicle. 
 
 Structures Segment 
 
 The Structures segment serves the aerospace and defense and medical end markets providing sophisticated complex metallic and composite aerostructures for commercial, military and general aviation fixed and rotary wing aircraft, and medical imaging solutions. 
 
 A discussion of 2022 developments is included in Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, in this Form 10-K. 
 
 WORKING CAPITAL 
 
 A discussion of our working capital is included in Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources, in this Form 10-K. 
 
 Our working capital requirements are dependent on the nature and life cycles of the programs for which work is performed. New programs may initially require higher working capital to complete nonrecurring start-up activities and fund the purchase of inventory and equipment necessary to perform the work. Nonrecurring start-up costs on large and complex programs often take longer to recover, negatively impacting working capital in the short-term and producing a corresponding benefit in future periods. As these programs mature and efficiencies are gained in the production process, working capital requirements generally decrease. 
 
 Our credit agreement is a revolving credit facility which is available for additional working capital requirements and investment opportunities. See Item 7, Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, and Note 14, Debt, of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, included in Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 3 

PRINCIPAL PRODUCTS AND SERVICES 
 
 The following table sets forth the percentage contribution of each major product line to consolidated net sales for each of the three most recently completed years: For the year ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Sales Defense 21.2 23.8 23.0 Safe and Arm Devices 18.3 27.0 31.7 Commercial, Business, General Aviation 35.3 26.1 28.1 Medical 13.7 12.2 8.9 Industrial Other 11.5 10.9 8.3 Total 100.0 100.0 100.0 
 
 AVAILABILITY OF RAW MATERIALS 
 
 While we believe we have sufficient sources for the materials, components, services and supplies used in our manufacturing activities, we are highly dependent on the availability of essential materials, parts and subassemblies from our suppliers and subcontractors. The most important raw materials required for our products are aluminum (sheet, plate, forgings and extrusions), titanium, nickel, steel, copper, composites and adhesives. Many major components and product equipment items are procured from or subcontracted on a sole-source basis with a number of domestic and non-U.S. companies. Although alternative sources generally exist for these raw materials, qualification of the sources could take a year or more. We are dependent upon the ability of a large number of suppliers and subcontractors to meet performance specifications, quality standards and delivery schedules at anticipated costs. While we maintain an extensive qualification system to control risk associated with such reliance on third parties, failure of suppliers or subcontractors to meet commitments could adversely affect production schedules and contract profitability, while jeopardizing our ability to fulfill commitments to our customers. The current economy has put pressure on the supply chain and we have experienced some shortages in raw materials which have impacted our near term results; however, we do not foresee any near term unavailability of materials, components or supplies that would have a material adverse effect on our business. For further discussion of the possible effects of changes in the cost or availability of raw materials on our business, see Item 1A, Risk Factors, in this Form 10-K. 
 
 INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY 
 
 We use patented and unpatented proprietary information, know-how and trade secrets to develop, maintain and enhance our competitive position, but we believe our continued success depends more on the knowledge, ability, experience and technological expertise of our employees than the legal protection that our patents and other proprietary rights may afford. Moreover, while we rely on a combination of patents, trademarks, copyrights, trade secrets, nondisclosure agreements, physical and information technology security systems, internal controls and compliance systems and other measures to protect our intellectual property, data and technology rights and that of third parties with which we are entrusted, our ability to protect and enforce our intellectual property, data and technology rights may be limited by a variety of factors and may be even more limited in certain countries outside the U.S., as may be our ability to prevent theft or compromise of our intellectual property, data and technology by competitors or third parties. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we held a total of 409 patents, 116 of which were U.S. patents and 293 of which were foreign patents. In addition, we have numerous U.S. and foreign patents pending. The Company believes the duration of its patents is adequate relative to the expected lives of its products. 
 
 Trademarks are also an important aspect of our business. The availability and duration of trademark registrations vary by country; however, trademarks are generally valid and may be renewed indefinitely as long as they are in use and registrations are maintained. We sell products under a number of registered trademarks that we own. Registered trademarks of the Company include KAflex , KAron , and K-MAX . In all, we maintain 102 U.S. and foreign trademarks as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 BACKLOG 
 
 We anticipate that approximately 70 of our backlog at the end of 2022 will be performed in 2023. Approximately 41 of our backlog at the end of 2022 is related to U.S. Government ("USG") contracts or subcontracts. 
 
 4 

Total backlog at December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, and the portion of the backlog we expect to complete in 2023, is as follows: Total Backlog at 
 December 31, 2022 
 2022 Backlog to be 
 completed in 2023 
 Total Backlog at 
 December 31, 2021 
 Total Backlog at 
 December 31, 2020 
 In thousands Engineered Products 322,452 290,618 169,144 134,257 Precision Products 134,903 84,118 180,082 293,261 Structures 263,581 127,872 351,697 203,718 Total 720,936 502,608 700,923 631,236 
 
 Backlog related to uncompleted contracts for which we have recorded a provision for estimated losses was 0.2 million as of December 31, 2022. At December 31, 2022, there was no backlog related to firm but not yet funded orders. See Item 7, Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, and Note 1, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, included in Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, for further discussion. 
 
 REGULATORY MATTERS 
 
 Government Contracts 
 
 The USG, and other governments, may terminate any of our government contracts at their convenience or for default if we fail to meet specified performance measurements. If any of our government contracts were to be terminated for convenience, we generally would be entitled to receive payment for work completed and allowable termination or cancellation costs. If any of our government contracts were to be terminated for default, generally the USG would pay only for the work that has been accepted and can require us to pay the difference between the original contract price and the cost to re-procure the contract items, net of the work accepted from the original contract. The USG can also hold us liable for damages resulting from the default. 
 
 During 2022, approximately 87 of the work performed by the Company directly or indirectly for the USG was performed on a fixed-price basis and the balance was performed on a cost-reimbursement basis. Under a fixed-price contract, the price paid to the contractor is negotiated at the outset of the contract and is not generally subject to adjustment to reflect the actual costs incurred by the contractor in the performance of the contract. Cost reimbursement contracts provide for the reimbursement of allowable costs and an additional negotiated fee. 
 
 Compliance with Environmental Protection Laws 
 
 Our operations are subject to and affected by a variety of federal, state, local and non-U.S. environmental laws and regulations relating to the discharge, treatment, storage, disposal, investigation and remediation of certain materials, substances and wastes. We are committed to monitoring the Company's environmental performance. As such, we continually assess our compliance status and management of environmental matters in an effort to ensure our operations are in substantial compliance with all applicable environmental laws and regulations. 
 
 Operating and maintenance costs associated with environmental compliance and management of sites are a normal, recurring part of our operations. These costs often are generally allowable costs under our contracts with the USG. It is reasonably possible that continued environmental compliance could have a material impact on our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows if more stringent clean-up standards are imposed, additional contamination is discovered and/or clean-up costs are higher than estimated. 
 
 See Environmental Matters in Item 3, Legal Proceedings and Note 19, Commitments and Contingencies , in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, included in Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, for further discussion of our environmental matters. 
 
 International Operations 
 
 Our international sales are subject to U.S. and non-U.S. governmental regulations and procurement policies and practices, including regulations relating to import-export control, investment, exchange controls and repatriation of earnings. International sales are also subject to varying currency, political and economic risks. 
 5 

COMPETITION 
 
 The Company operates in a highly competitive environment with many other organizations, some of which are substantially larger than us and have greater financial strength and more extensive resources. We compete for composite and metallic aerostructures subcontracts, and helicopter sales and structures, bearings, springs, seals and contacts, wheel and brake and components business on the basis of price and/or quality; product endurance and special performance characteristics; proprietary knowledge; the quality of our products and services; the availability of facilities, equipment and personnel to perform contracts; and the reputation of our business. Competitors for our business include small machine shops and offshore manufacturing facilities. We compete for advanced technology fuzing business primarily on the basis of technical competence, product quality and price, and also on the basis of our experience as a developer and manufacturer of fuzes for particular weapon types and the availability of our facilities, equipment and personnel. We are also affected by the political and economic circumstances of our potential foreign customers and, in certain situations, the relationships of those foreign customers with the USG, the USG's perceptions of those foreign customers, such as our Middle Eastern customers, and the ability to obtain necessary export approvals, licenses or authorizations from the USG. 
 
 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE 
 
 Climate Change 
 
 There have been no, and we do not expect there to be in the near term, material impacts on our business, financial condition or results of operations as a result of compliance with legislation or regulatory rules regarding climate change, from the known physical effects of climate change or as a result of supporting our Environmental, Social and Governance ("ESG") initiatives. Increased regulation and other climate change concerns, however, could subject us to additional costs and restrictions, and we are not able to predict how such regulations or concerns would affect our business, operations or financial results. 
 
 Human Capital 
 
 The Company employs a global workforce focused on serving its customers and creating solutions to meet their needs. We consider our employees to be the most valuable resource for current and future organizational success and we seek to provide a work environment that fosters growth, encourages self-development, and provides meaningful work. How we manage our human capital is critical to how we deliver on our strategy and create sustained growth and value for our shareholders. Kaman Corporation is a place where people who want to make a difference come to work. 
 
 Employee Demographics 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we employed 3,063 individuals. Of these employees, approximately 73 are employed in the United States and 27 are employed internationally. Within the United States, 63 of the employees are non-exempt and 37 are exempt. 
 
 The Company's average age of U.S. employees is 49. U.S. headcount by generation at December 31, 2022 is as follows: 
 
 Values 
 
 The Company s core values are Respect, Excellence, Accountability, Creativity and Honor ("REACH"): 
 
 Respect - Employees value each other as people and appreciate their skills and perspectives. 
 Excellence - Employees do their best, giving full attention to the quality of every job, outcome and relationship. The highest level of customer service is provided to customers, both externally and internally. 
 6 

Accountability - Employees accept responsibility for their actions and work to achieve desired results. 
 Creativity - Employees take on every challenge with a spirit of discovery and ingenuity, offering best ideas and resources. 
 Honor - Employees behave with integrity. 
 
 Our employees are committed to these values, which define how employees behave, treat others, and fulfill job requirements. 
 
 Talent Acquisition 
 
 An important component of the Company s Human Capital strategy is acquiring new talent. T he Company strives to attract top talent with diverse backgrounds and experiences who align with the commitment of driving a culture of innovation. 
 
 The foundation of the talent acquisition strategy is the commitment to being an E qual Opportunity Employer. Qualified applicants receive consideration for employment without regard for race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status or any other protected class. The Company provides reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in job application procedures and processes. The Company is committed to providing equal opportunity for all. 
 
 The Company uses a number of programs to ensure it attracts and hires top talent to develop as future leaders of the organization. The Kaman Internship Program is designed to provide meaningful work experiences and professional development for students. The goal of this program is to ensure a mutual benefit to both the students engaging in the internship and the Company with a pipeline of future employees. The Kaman Early Career Rotational Program is designed to provide prospective Leadership Development Candidates, who, if selected, have the opportunity to develop leadership skills and learn key organizational processes across multiple business functions. The Early Career Rotational Program is 18 to 24 months in duration and consists of rotations through Operations, Program Management, Engineering, Quality and Supply Chain Management. The Campus Champions Program is designed to engage universities and military organizations through hands-on involvement in a variety of interactive activities including participation in recruitment drives, meeting with faculty, alumni, students, student organizations and veterans organizations. This program allows the Company to explore opportunities to strengthen its relationships and develop mutually beneficial partnerships with these institutions. 
 
 Talent Development 
 
 In addition to acquiring new talent, the Company focuses on growing and developing its existing talent. The Company makes significant investments in enhancing its employees skill levels and providing professional opportunities for career development and advancement. The Company s leadership team utilizes a robust succession planning program for identifying the next generation of leaders to ensure that the organization is well positioned to fill critical roles with employees who are prepared to support the strategy of the business and respond to the needs of key stakeholders. 
 
 Training and employee learning opportunities are offered to employees, which allows the Company to efficiently develop its staff and meet legal and compliance training requirements. Over ten thousand webinar courses were completed in 2022 in comparison to seven thousand courses in 2021, which included compliance, wellness and leadership topics delivered to the employee population. 
 
 The Company uses several mechanisms to support the development of current employees for future leadership roles. First, the Company has evolved its coaching strategy to adjust to the work environment post pandemic. Created initially in 2021, a model that embraces virtual employee coaching has expanded across all business units. Second, the Women in Leadership Program develops capabilities of female leaders through a process of learning and personal discovery to empower them to make stronger contributions within their careers and the organizations in which they work. With the use of a leadership assessment tool, management discovers the strengths and opportunities of the program participants and creates actions plans to help improve their performance. The professional networking and mentoring, which are components of the program, help prepare future leaders for larger roles in the organization. Third, in 2022, the Human Resources Team launched the Learning, Growing and Leading Series, a monthly training session in support of individuals' learning and professional development. The target audience for the 30-minute micro learning sessions includes people managers, aspiring leaders who want to continue to learn and grow in preparation for the next career opportunity, and all lifelong learners in pursuit of knowledge for personal and/or professional reasons. As of December 31, 2022, 73 and 27 of the Company's management positions were held by men and women, respectively. This compares to the Company's overall U.S. population comprised of 68 males and 32 females. 
 
 The Company executed an All-Employee Engagement Survey in 2021. The survey was an opportunity for employees to offer open, honest and confidential feedback as it was administered by a third-party organization. It was launched in the spirit of 
 7 

continuous improvement to shape and strengthen the Company s culture, teamwork and overall work environment. The survey is used as a tool to measure and improve engagement and satisfaction while helping us discover areas and topics where we may need more dialogue and conversation. In 2022, the Company continued to drive and embrace action plans to address the focus areas of Training and Development, Inclusive Culture and Belonging and Communication. 
 
 The Company conducts annual performance appraisals with all employees. Feedback is used to support continuous improvement. Employee annual goal setting activities align to the overall Company and business unit strategies and objectives. 
 
 Total Rewards 
 
 The Company focuses on paying its employees fairly and competitively. The Company strives to provide competitive pay opportunities which reward its employees for achieving and exceeding objectives that create long-term value for shareholders. Management aims to have all compensation programs, processes and decisions be transparent and easy to understand. Providing equitable and competitive pay enhances the Company's ability to attract and retain strong, innovative talent. 
 
 Providing comprehensive, competitive and affordable benefits is important to the Company's attraction and retention strategy. The Company offers the following: 
 
 Health Benefits 
 
 The Company offers various medical and prescription plan options and provides employees with an online cost comparison tool to assist employees with their enrollment decision. The options for dental and vision care coverage are also provided for employees. In addition to insurance benefits, Kaman s Chronic Condition Management programs provide valuable resources to support employees and their family members dealing with a chronic condition, such as diabetes or cancer. 
 
 Wealth Benefits 
 
 The Kaman Corporation 401(k) Plan and the Bal Seal Engineering Savings and Investment Plan provides employees with a tax advantageous way to save for retirement. Both Plans provide employees with the ability to make contributions with a Company Match component. Additionally, the Company offers an Employee Stock Purchase Plan, Health Savings Accounts for those in a high deductible health plan, Health Reimbursement Accounts for Cigna health plan participants that elect to receive care from the highest-quality doctors in-network, Flexible Spending Accounts for both health care and dependent care, life and accidental death and dismemberment insurance, disability benefits and voluntary accident, hospital indemnity and critical illness insurance. 
 
 Wellness Benefits 
 
 The Fit for Life Wellness program provides all employees with opportunities to participate in Company-wide events, webinars and local wellness challenges focused on living a healthy lifestyle. Kaman s Employee Assistance Program through LifeWorks is available to all employees and their household members who need help dealing with issues affecting their personal or professional lives. This resource connects employees with individuals who can help them with an array of issues such as locating child care programs and individual counseling. 
 
 The Company recognizes the need to support its employees work-life balance. In addition to FMLA benefits, the Company provides a Paid Parental Leave of Absence to better enable employees to care for and bond with a newborn, newly adopted, or newly placed foster child during the six-month period immediately following the event. Eligible employees receive three weeks of parental leave at 100 of base pay, inclusive of shift premiums, if applicable. This benefit is in addition to short-term disability benefits provided to female employees for pregnancy and childbirth. 
 
 The Company s approach to remote work aligns with its wellness and retention strategies. The Company offers work from home opportunities, recognizing it as a strategic imperative to attract and retain employees as well as address how both current and potential employees view work, post pandemic, and value flexibility. 
 
 Health Safety 
 
 The Company is committed to protecting and preserving the health and safety of our employees, minimizing risks, assuring compliance, and reducing business uncertainty. The Company strives for a sustainable health and safety culture based on 
 8 

management leadership and an engaged workforce, and is committed to continuous improvement to eliminate workplace injuries, illnesses and negative environmental impacts. 
 
 The Company continues to diligently monitor and respond t o the challenges faced by the organization and its employees navigating the post COVID-19 pandemic, with an emphasis on well-being. The Company's employees have worked to keep the business operational and meet customer requirements throughout the pandemic, while respecting the recomme ndations of local governments and regulatory agencies. 
 
 The Company's first priority continues to be the health and safety of employees and their families. As the COVID-19 pandemic evolved, a number of initiatives were implemented across the Company to ensure employees safety, including an increase in communications and workforce outreach. Additionally, best practices for hygiene and preventing the spread of germs continue. The increased frequency of cleaning and disinfecting common areas has been maintained and our leadership teams have responded to local business needs and priorities to ensure safe operations and minimal business disruptions. 
 
 At the onset of the pandemic, a remote work strategy was implemented where appropriate, which the Company has evolved into a formal Work from Home policy. For those employees returning to work in the Company s offices, a formal Return to Office process was implemented to ensure those returning were trained on the Company s enhanced health and safety protocols. In addition, the process focuses on employee re-acclimation. As we work and live in the post-pandemic world, the Company has shifted the conversation to well-being. Enhanced resources have been provided to help all employees to manage stress and anxiety. 
 
 Corporate Responsibility 
 
 The Company is a strong supporter of education, including employees children, employees pursuing undergraduate and graduate degrees, engineering students, museums with educational programs and various local educational programs across the country. The Company also financially supports charitable and civic organizations such as art councils, boy and girl scouts, food pantries, health organizations and veterans' organizations. Additionally, employees volunteer their time to give back to the communities in which they live and work. 
 
 Business Ethics 
 
 The Company's Code of Conduct ("Code") is a statement of the principles and standards that the Company expects the Kaman community to follow. Each officer, director and employee is required to use good ethical judgement when conducting business and comply with applicable laws, rules and regulations. The Code, which was updated effective January 1, 2022, describes what is appropriate behavior and guides ethical business decisions that support our commitment to integrity. Failure to comply with the Code and applicable laws can have severe consequences for both the Company and the individuals involved, including disciplinary action, civil penalties, or criminal prosecution under certain circumstances. In conjunction with the Code, the Company requires annual compliance training for officers, directors and employees with a goal of 100 participation. 
 
 The Company has designated Compliance Advocates who are responsible for the following: 
 
 Distributing of the Code to the Kaman community; 
 Educating and training personnel on the Code annually; 
 Obtaining written acknowledgments annually from employees, officers, directors, agents, contractors, suppliers and customers that they have read, understand and will comply with the Code as a condition of their association with the Company; 
 Investigating reported Code violations and implementing remedial actions when a violation has been confirmed; and 
 Reporting Code submissions to the Company s Chief Compliance Officer. 
 
 In addition to the Code, the Company has policies for anti-bribery, export and trade, antitrust, human trafficking, environmental and safety. To further facilitate these policies, annual training is provided for relevant employees on anti-bribery and anti-corruption, export compliance and data privacy. The Code and other policies discussed above are available on the Company website via www.kaman.com/investors/corporate-governance. 
 
 Diversity, Equity and Inclusion 
 
 The Company views diversity as a competitive advantage and integral to future success. Diversity helps create an innovative workforce, while inclusion ensures the Company has the right culture, processes, policies, and practices to ensure employees feel valued and included. 
 9 

Women Advocating Leadership at Kaman ("WALK") is a program that is designed to support the advancement of Kaman s strategic diversity goals by implementing specific business initiatives that increase the global representation of women in leadership roles. WALK s long-term objectives include hiring; retaining and promoting more women; supporting the change in Kaman s culture of being more accepting of women in leadership roles; providing women with equal access to development opportunities; and creating a life balance and family-friendly culture. 
 
 The Company also seeks opportunities to recruit and hire skilled veterans as well as engage in partnerships and support programs that allow the Company to give back to the veteran community. The Company has a multitude of recognition programs to show its appreciation for veterans service to the United States. An employee resource group is dedicated to veteran employees, which supports community engagement as well as professional development activities. 
 
 Lastly, the Company believes leadership starts from the very top. During the last two years the composition of our Board of Directors has shifted to eight members, of which 50 are women and 29 are racially or ethnically diverse. In 2020, our Board consisted of nine members, of which 22 were women and no members were racially or ethnically diverse. 
 
 Data Security 
 
 The Company maintains a commitment to cybersecurity using a combination of policy, technology, and training across the corporation. Emerging threats and regulatory compliance require constant monitoring and maintenance of the information technology environment, which the Company accomplishes by exercising internal resources, contracted partners, and industry-standard practices to meet security goals. These include implementation of technical controls such as NIST SP 800-53 and NIST SP 800-171, and adherence to guidelines including Sarbanes-Oxley and the U.S. Department of Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation Supplement ("DFARS"). 
 
 The Company's cybersecurity protection is based on layered technology supporting trained employees. Periodic testing of networks, systems, and personnel is performed to validate implementation and effectiveness of controls. Penetration testing, internal and external audit and annual review of policies and response plans provide governance and independent verification that the Company maintains effective cybersecurity controls. 
 
 For further information on our ESG initiatives, refer to Information about the Board of Directors and Corporate Governance section of the Proxy Statement. 
 
 AVAILABLE INFORMATION 
 
 We are subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act and its rules and regulations. The Exchange Act requires us to file reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC. 
 
 We make available, free of charge on our website, our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, proxy statements, and current reports on Form 8-K as well as amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, together with Section 16 insider beneficial stock ownership reports, as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file these documents with, or furnish them to, the SEC. These documents are posted on our website at www.kaman.com select the Investors link, then the "Financial Information" link and then view under SEC Filings . 
 
 We also make available, free of charge on our website, our Certificate of Incorporation, By Laws, Governance Principles and all Board of Directors' standing Committee Charters (Audit, Corporate Governance, Compensation and Finance). These documents are posted on our website at www.kaman.com select the Investors link, then the "Corporate Governance" link and then view under "Documents and Downloads". 
 
 The information contained on our website is not intended to be, and shall not be deemed to be, incorporated into this Form 10-K or any other filing under the Exchange Act or the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
 10 

INFORMATION ABOUT OUR EXECUTIVE OFFICERS 
 
 The Company s executive officers as of the date of this report are as follows: Name Age Position Prior Experience Ian K. Walsh 56 Chairman, President, Chief Executive Officer and Director Mr. Walsh was appointed President and Chief Executive Officer as well as elected as a Director of the Company effective September 8, 2020. Effective April 14, 2021, Mr. Walsh was appointed Chairman of the Board. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Walsh was Chief Operating Officer at REV Group, Inc., a leading designer, manufacturer, and distributor of specialty vehicles and related aftermarket parts and services, since 2018. Prior to that, he progressed through leadership roles of increasing responsibility at Textron Inc., where he most recently served as President and Chief Executive Officer of TRU Simulation and Training from 2015 to 2018. Prior to joining Textron, he served as an officer and naval aviator in the U.S. Marine Corps. Mr. Walsh is a certified Six Sigma Black Belt. James G. Coogan 42 Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer Mr. Coogan was appointed Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, effective July 8, 2021, and he was appointed Treasurer, effective January 18, 2023. Mr. Coogan has served in various roles since joining the Company in 2008, most recently as Vice President, Investor Relations Business Development from January 2020 through July 2021 and prior to that, Vice President, Investor Relations from April 2017 through December 2019. Previous Kaman positions include: Assistant Vice President, SEC Compliance and External Reporting, Director, External Reporting and SEC Compliance, and Manager, External Reporting and SEC Compliance. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Coogan held positions at Ann Taylor Stores Corporation, Mohegan Tribal Gaming Authority and PricewaterhouseCoopers. Carroll K. Lane 47 Senior Vice President and Segment Lead, Engineered Products and Precision Products Mr. Lane joined the Company in July 2022 and was appointed segment lead of Precision Products as well as Senior Vice President and President, Kaman Air Vehicles and Kaman Precision Products. In January 2023, he was appointed segment lead of Engineered Products in addition to his previous responsibilities. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Lane held positions of increasing responsibility at United Technologies Corporation ("UTC"), now Raytheon Technologies Corporation, including President of Commercial Engines, Pratt Whitney from 2020 to 2022; Vice President of Investor Relations from 2016 to 2020; and Vice President of Commercial Engines Aftermarket, Pratt Whitney. Prior to joining UTC, Mr. Lane was a Director with CSP Associates, an aerospace and defense advisory firm. Richard S. Smith, Jr. 63 Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary Mr. Smith was appointed Senior Vice President and General Counsel, effective January 27, 2023, after having previously served as Vice President, Deputy General Counsel and Secretary since joining the Company in the fall of 2012. Before joining the Company, Mr. Smith had been a partner with the Hartford, Connecticut law firm Murtha Cullina LLP, for approximately 21 years and, before that, an associate since graduating from the Duke University School of Law in the spring of 1984. 
 11 

Name Age Position Prior Experience Roy Dilig 57 Vice President, Information Technology Mr. Dilig was appointed Vice President, Information Technology, effective January 27, 2023. Prior to this role, Mr. Dilig served as Director of Information Technology for the Company's Bal Seal Engineering division, since 2011. He held positions of increasing responsibility at Bal Seal Engineering, including Systems Development Manager and Programmer Analyst. Prior to this, Mr. Dilig was a Programmer Analyst for The Walt Disney Company. Megan A. Morgan 46 Vice President, Human Resources and Chief Human Resources Officer Ms. Morgan was appointed Vice President, Human Resources and Chief Human Resources Officer, effective February 1, 2021. Ms. Morgan has served in various roles since joining the Company in 2018, most recently as Vice President of Human Resources, Kaman Aerospace Group. Prior to joining the company, Ms. Morgan held positions at Legrand Electrical Wiring Systems, Barnes Group Inc., and PricewaterhouseCoopers. Kristen M. Samson 49 Vice President and Chief Marketing and Communications Officer Ms. Samson joined Kaman as Vice President and Chief Marketing and Communications Officer effective January 18, 2021. Prior to joining Kaman, Ms. Samson served in various leadership roles, including Vice President, Marketing and Communications for Textron Systems from 2019 to 2021; Vice President, Marketing and Communications for TRU Simulation + Training from 2016 to 2019; and Vice President of Marketing, Communications and Product Management at Lycoming Engines. Prior to this, Ms. Samson held positions at Comcast Sportsnet and Time Warner Cable. She is a certified Six Sigma Green Belt. 
 
 Each executive officer holds office for a term of one year and until his or her successor is duly appointed and qualified, in accordance with the Company s By-Laws. 

12 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 
 Our business, financial condition, operating results and cash flows can be impacted by the factors set forth below, any one of which could cause our actual results to vary materially from recent results or from our anticipated future results. 
 
 RISKS RELATED TO OUR BUSINESS, THE INDUSTRIES IN WHICH WE OPERATE, OUR PROGRAMS AND OUR CONTRACTS 
 
 Our failure to comply with the covenants contained in our credit facility could trigger an event of default, which could materially and adversely affect our operating results and our financial condition. 
 
 Our credit facility requires us to maintain certain financial ratios and comply with various operational and other covenants. As of December 31, 2022, our Consolidated Total Net Leverage Ratio was 3.65, as calculated in accordance with the Credit Agreement, compared to the maximum permitted ratio of 5.00 to 1.00. If we were unable to maintain these ratios and comply with such covenants, we would need to seek relief from our lenders in order to avoid, cure or have waived an event of default under the facility. There can be no assurance that we would be able to obtain such relief on commercially reasonable terms or otherwise. If an event of default occurs and is not cured or waived, we may not be able to make further borrowings under the credit facility and our lenders could, among other things, cause all outstanding indebtedness under the credit facility to be due and payable immediately. There can be no assurance that our assets or cash flows would be sufficient to provide us with the liquidity to fund outstanding commitments or meet other business requirements or to enable us to fully repay those amounts or that we would be able to refinance or restructure the indebtedness. If, as or when required, we are unable to repay, refinance or restructure the indebtedness outstanding under our credit facility, or amend the financial ratios and covenants contained therein, the lenders under our credit facility could elect to terminate their commitments thereunder, cease making further loans and institute foreclosure proceedings against our assets. This, in turn, could result in an event of default under one or more of our other financing agreements, including our convertible notes. 
 
 In addition, in the ordinary course of business, certain of our customers require us to deliver standby letters of credit to guarantee our performance under our contractual obligations with them, which are currently issued by certain of our lenders pursuant to our credit facility. If we are unable to obtain letters of credit as needed to operate our business as a result of any of the circumstances described above or otherwise, our ability to enter into certain contracts may be adversely affected. Moreover, by their nature, standby letters of credit may be drawn upon by the beneficiaries thereof, which could affect our financial ratios and ability to make additional borrowings. The occurrence of any of these events could have a material adverse effect on our liquidity, financial position or results of operations. 
 
 We have increased debt and high leverage, which could have a negative impact on our financing options and liquidity position and which could adversely affect our business. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 562.5 million in long-term debt outstanding excluding debt issuance costs. Additionally, our secured revolving credit facility has a remaining borrowing capacity of 211.1 million, subject to EBITDA, as of December 31, 2022 (all of which would be secured when drawn). 
 
 Our overall leverage and the terms of our financing arrangements could: 
 
 limit our ability to obtain additional financing in the future for working capital, capital expenditures or acquisitions, to fund growth or for general corporate purposes, even when necessary to maintain adequate liquidity, particularly if any ratings assigned to our debt securities by ratings organizations were revised downward; 
 make it more difficult for us to satisfy the terms of our obligations under the terms of our financing arrangements; 
 limit our ability to refinance our indebtedness on terms acceptable to us, or at all; 
 limit our flexibility to plan for and to adjust to changing business and market conditions in the industries in which we operate and increase our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions; 
 require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to make interest and principal payments on our debt, thereby limiting the availability of our cash flow to fund future investments, capital expenditures, working capital, business activities and other general corporate requirements; 
 increase our vulnerability to adverse economic or industry conditions; and 
 subject us to higher levels of indebtedness than our competitors, which may cause a competitive disadvantage and may reduce our flexibility in responding to increased competition. 
 
 Our ability to meet expenses and debt service obligations will depend on our future performance, which will be affected by financial, business, economic and other factors, including the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, the inflationary environment, 
 13 

rising interest rates, potential changes in consumer and customer preferences and behaviors, the success of product and marketing innovation and pressure from competitors. If we do not generate enough cash to pay our debt service obligations, we may be required to refinance all or part of our existing debt, sell assets, borrow more money or issue additional equity. 
 
 We will complete JPF production under our USG contract in early 2023, so the future viability of our JPF program will depend on our ability to market and sell the FMU 152 A/B to foreign militaries in direct commercial sales transactions. 
 
 Our JPF program continues to wind down as it moves to the end of its lifecycle, reflecting the previously announced decision of the United States Air Force ("USAF") to move from the FMU 152 A/B (the "JPF") (which we manufacture and produce) to the FMU-139 D/B (which we do not manufacture or produce) as its primary fuze system. We expect to complete Option 16 of our JPF contract with the USG in the first half of 2023. Like the option before it, Option 16 related solely to the procurement of fuzes by or in support of foreign militaries and did not include any sales to the USAF. The USG has indicated that they will not award us any future options, either as direct sales to the USG or indirect sales to foreign militaries through the USG. Therefore, the future viability of our JPF program will depend entirely on our ability to market and sell the JPF to foreign militaries in direct commercial sales DCS transactions. As of December 31, 2022, our total JPF backlog was 20.0 million, and we expect to recognize substantially all of the backlog within the first half of 2023. We are currently in discussions with two Middle Eastern customers for one or more follow-on orders aggregating a minimum of 45.0 million that would further extend the life of the program, but there can be no assurance as to the receipt, magnitude and timing of these orders. Moreover, any such orders, if received, would be subject to the receipt of all necessary export approvals, licenses and other authorizations, including the receipt of manufacturing authorization from the USG, needed to effectuate the sales, which are subject to political and geopolitical conditions beyond our control. 
 
 As a result of the inability to successfully market and sell the JPF to foreign militaries in DCS transactions in a timely manner at prices and in quantities that would continue to support production at current levels, in the fourth quarter, we announced a restructuring plan that will lead to the permanent closure of our Orlando, Florida manufacturing facility by the end of 2024. We expect to consolidate JPF production in our Middletown, Connecticut, facility during the first half of 2023 as the facility has the potential capacity to deliver against future DCS orders. 
 
 Our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows have been and are expected to continue to be adversely impacted by the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic. 
 
 The COVID-19 pandemic has created significant disruption and uncertainty in the global economy. Its impact has resulted in business and manufacturing disruptions, plant closures, inventory shortages, delivery delays, supply chain disruptions, and order reductions, cancellations and deferrals, all of which have adversely affected our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Although we continue to meet the demands of our customers, we have seen some disruptions in our supply chain, such as delays in materials and components used in our manufacturing process, and we continue to operate below pre-pandemic levels for certain commercial aerospace products. We are encouraged by the recoveries for these products and the strong order intake we saw throughout 2022; however, the extent to which COVID-19 may continue to adversely impact our business depends on future developments, which are highly uncertain and unpredictable, the severity and duration of the pandemic and the effectiveness of actions taken globally to contain or mitigate its effects. To the extent the COVID-19 pandemic adversely affects our business and financial results, it may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in this report, such as those relating to our products and financial performance. 
 
 Our financial performance is significantly influenced by conditions within the aerospace and defense industries. 
 
 The financial performance of our business is directly tied to economic conditions in the commercial aviation and defense industries. The commercial aviation industry tends to be cyclical, and capital spending by airlines and aircraft manufacturers may be influenced by a variety of global factors including current and future traffic levels, aircraft fuel pricing, labor issues, competition, the retirement of older aircraft, regulatory changes, terrorism and related safety concerns, general economic conditions, worldwide airline profits and backlog levels. The defense industry may be influenced by a changing global political environment, changes in U.S. and global defense spending, U.S. foreign policy and the activity level of military flight operations. Changes to the aerospace and defense industries and any reductions in U.S. defense spending could have a material impact on our current and proposed aerospace programs, which could adversely affect our operating results and future prospects. In addition, changes in economic conditions may cause customers to request that firm orders be rescheduled or canceled, which could put a portion of our backlog at risk. 
 
 Furthermore, because of the lengthy research and development cycle involved in bringing new products to market, we cannot predict the economic conditions that will exist when a new product is introduced. A reduction in capital spending in the aviation 
 14 

or defense industries could have a significant effect on the demand for our products, which could have an adverse effect on our financial performance or results of operations. 
 
 We are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties related to the timing and conditions surrounding the production of the 737 MAX. 
 
 On March 13, 2019, the Federal Aviation Administration ("FAA") issued an order to suspend operations of all 737 MAX aircraft in the U.S. and by U.S. aircraft operators following two fatal 737 MAX accidents. Non-U.S. civil aviation authorities issued directives to the same effect. Boeing suspended deliveries until the FAA and other civil aviation authorities worldwide granted the clearance to return the aircraft to service and suspended production of the 737 MAX in January 2020 as a result of the ongoing evaluation. In November 2020, the FAA lifted the orders to suspend operations of the Boeing 737 MAX and in early 2021, airlines around the globe began to clear the Boeing 737 MAX for flight. Although production rates increased in 2022 and higher output rates are expected in 2023, t here can be no assurance that the production rate will return to the production rate prior to the grounding of the 737 MAX fleet. We have recognized 11.7 million, 4.0 million and 5.6 million in revenue associated with the sale of our products that are utilized on the 737 MAX aircraft fleet in the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Any future reductions to the production rate or lower than anticipated production levels could have an adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, and/or cash flows. 
 
 Our USG programs are subject to unique risks. 
 
 We have several significant long-term contracts either directly with the USG or where the USG is the ultimate customer, including the Sikorsky BLACK HAWK cockpit program, the A-10 program and the JPF program. These contracts are subject to unique risks, some of which are beyond our control. Examples of such risks include: 
 
 The USG may modify, curtail or terminate its contracts and subcontracts at its convenience without prior notice, upon payment for work done and commitments made at the time of termination. As discussed above, the Company has been advised by our customer that Option 16, received in 2021, will be the last order under our JPF contract with the USG. Modification, curtailment or termination of our major programs or contracts could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 Our USG business is subject to specific procurement regulations and other requirements. These requirements, although customary in USG contracts, increase our performance and compliance costs. These costs might increase in the future, reducing our margins, which could have a negative effect on our financial condition. Although we have procedures designed to assure compliance with these regulations and requirements, failure to do so under certain circumstances could lead to suspension or debarment, for cause, from USG contracting or subcontracting for a period of time and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows and could adversely impact our reputation and our ability to receive other USG contract awards in the future. 
 The costs we incur on our USG contracts, including allocated indirect costs, may be audited by USG representatives. Any costs found to be improperly allocated to a specific contract would not be reimbursed, and such costs already reimbursed would have to be refunded, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Moreover, if any audit were to reveal the existence of improper or illegal activities, we may be subject to civil and criminal penalties and administrative sanctions, including termination of contracts, forfeiture of profits, suspension of payments, fines and suspension or prohibition from doing business with the USG. 
 We are from time to time subject to governmental inquiries and investigations of our business practices due to our participation in domestic and foreign government contracts and programs and our transaction of business domestically and internationally. Adverse findings associated with any such inquiry or investigation could also result in civil and criminal penalties and administrative sanctions, including termination of contracts, forfeiture of profits, suspension of payments, fines and suspension or prohibition from doing business with domestic and foreign governments. 
 The costs to implement and comply with the Cybersecurity Maturity Model Certification ("CMMC") as initiated by the U.S. Department of Defense in order to measure their defense contractors' capabilities, readiness, and sophistication in the area of cybersecurity. 
 
 Our business may be adversely affected by changes in budgetary priorities of the USG. 
 
 Because a significant percentage of our revenue is derived either directly or indirectly from contracts with the USG, changes in federal government budgetary priorities could directly affect our financial performance. A significant decline in government expenditures, a shift of expenditures away from programs that we support or a change in federal government contracting policies could cause federal government agencies to reduce their purchases under contracts, to exercise their right to terminate contracts at any time without penalty or not to exercise options to renew contracts. 
 15 

Estimates of future costs for long-term contracts impact our current and future operating results and profits. 
 
 We generally recognize sales and gross margin on long-term contracts based on the over time method of accounting. This method allows for revenue recognition as our work progresses on a contract and requires that we estimate future revenues and costs over the life of a contract. Revenues are estimated based upon the negotiated contract price, with consideration being given to exercised contract options, change orders and, in some cases, projected customer requirements. Contract costs may be incurred over a period of several years, and the estimation of these costs requires significant judgment based upon the acquired knowledge and experience of program managers, engineers and financial professionals. 
 
 Estimated costs are based primarily on anticipated purchase contract terms, historical performance trends, business base and other economic projections. The complexity of certain programs as well as technical risks and the availability of materials and labor resources could affect our ability to accurately estimate future contract costs. Additional factors that could affect recognition of revenue and gross margin under this method include: 
 
 Accounting for initial program costs; 
 The effect of nonrecurring work; 
 Delayed contract start-up or changes to production schedules; 
 Transition of work to or from the customer or other vendors; 
 Claims or unapproved change orders; 
 Product warranty issues; 
 Delayed completion of certain programs for which inventory has been built up; 
 Our ability to estimate or control scrap level; 
 Accrual of contract losses; and 
 Changes in our overhead rates. 
 
 Because of the significance of the judgments and estimation processes, it is likely that materially different sales and profit amounts could be recorded if we used different assumptions or if the underlying circumstances were to change. Changes in underlying assumptions, circumstances or estimates may adversely affect current and future financial performance. While we perform quarterly reviews of our long-term contracts to address and lessen the effects of these risks, there can be no assurance that we will not make material adjustments to underlying assumptions or estimates relating to one or more long-term contracts that have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 We may lose money or generate lower than expected profits on our fixed-price contracts. 
 
 Our customers set demanding specifications for product performance, reliability and cost. Most of our government contracts and subcontracts provide for a predetermined, fixed price for the products we make regardless of the costs we incur. Therefore, we must absorb cost overruns, notwithstanding the difficulty of estimating all of the costs we will incur in performing these contracts and in projecting the ultimate level of sales that we may achieve. Our failure to anticipate technical problems, estimate costs accurately, integrate technical processes effectively or control costs during performance of a fixed-price contract may reduce the profitability of a fixed-price contract or cause a loss. Given the current inflationary environment, we have and may continue to experience material and labor cost increases at a higher rate than what we have historically experienced. While we believe that we have recorded adequate provisions in our financial statements for losses on our fixed-price contracts as required under GAAP, there can be no assurance that our contract loss provisions will be adequate to cover all actual future losses. 
 
 Inflation may have an adverse effect on our business, our suppliers and our customers. 
 
 Although inflation in the United States had been relatively low for several years, there has been a significant increase in inflation in 2022. The Federal Reserve has raised certain benchmark interest rates in an effort to combat inflation. Inflation increases the cost of goods and services we utilize in our operations, such as electricity, heating and other utilities, which increases our expenses. Inflation may also cause us to increase wages by a larger amount than we have budgeted to retain our employees. Our suppliers may also be affected by inflation and the rising costs of goods and services used in their businesses, and they may attempt to pass these costs down to us. Inflation may also have a negative impact on our customers' ability to afford our products. If we are unable to recover inflationary cost increases with increased prices on our products, this could impact margin profitability. 
 
 We face significant pressure to lower our pricing notwithstanding our own internal costs. 
 
 There is substantial and continuing pressure from original equipment manufacturers ("OEMs") in the commercial aerospace industry to reduce the prices they pay to suppliers, such as Kaman. We attempt to manage such downward pricing pressure, 
 16 

while trying to preserve our business relationships with our customers, by seeking to reduce our production and procurement costs through various measures, including implementing cost-effective process improvements and partnering with our own suppliers to reduce our cost of raw materials and components. Our suppliers have periodically resisted, and in the future may resist, pressure to lower their prices and have begun to impose price increases. If we are unable to offset price reductions from our OEM customers, this could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 The ability to obtain and retain product approvals issued by the FAA and any intellectual property claims could adversely affect our operating results and profits. 
 Our business may be impacted by regulations set forth by the FAA to obtain Parts Manufacturer Approvals ("PMAs") to design or produce a modification or replacement aircraft part. The loss or suspension of the Company's product and design approvals could negatively impact our operating results and profits. We believe our current design and production processes that are subject to such regulations by the FAA are in compliance; however, there can be no assurance that we will not lose approvals for our products in the future. Additionally, we have been subject to claims of intellectual property infringement by third parties, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 Competition from domestic and foreign manufacturers may result in the loss of potential contracts and opportunities. 
 
 The markets in which we participate are highly competitive, and we often compete for work not only with large OEMs but also sometimes with our own customers and suppliers. Many of our large customers may choose not to outsource production due to, among other things, their own direct labor and overhead considerations and capacity utilization objectives. This could result in these customers supplying their own products or services and competing directly with us for sales of these products or services, all of which could significantly reduce our revenues. 
 
 Our competitors may have more extensive or more specialized engineering, manufacturing and marketing capabilities than we do in some areas, and we may not have the technology, cost structure, or available resources to effectively compete with them. We believe that developing and maintaining a competitive advantage requires continued investment in product development; engineering; supply chain management; production capabilities, including technology, equipment and facilities; and sales and marketing, and we may not have enough resources to make the necessary investments to do so. Further, our significant customers may attempt to use their position to negotiate price or other concessions for a particular product or service without regard to the terms of an existing contract or the underlying cost of production. 
 
 We believe our strategies for our business will allow us to continue to effectively compete for key contracts and customers, but there can be no assurance that we will be able to compete successfully in this market or against such competitors. 
 
 RISKS RELATED TO INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY AND CYBERSECURITY 
 
 Cybersecurity requirements, vulnerabilities, threats and more sophisticated and targeted computer crime could pose a risk to our systems, networks, products and data. 
 
 Our information technology systems provide critical data connectivity, information and services for internal and external users. These interactions include, but are not limited to, ordering and managing materials from suppliers, inventory management, shipping products to customers, processing transactions, summarizing and reporting results of operations, complying with regulatory, legal or tax requirements and other processes necessary to manage our business. Our computer systems face the threat of unauthorized access, computer hackers, computer viruses, malicious code, organized cyber-attacks and other security problems and system disruptions. These threats may be heightened due to the ongoing military conflict between Ukraine and Russia. We rely heavily on our information technology systems, networks and services, some of which are managed, hosted and provided by third-parties to conduct our business. 
 
 Cyber-attacks are evolving and include, but are not limited to, malicious software, destructive malware, attempts to gain unauthorized access to data, manipulation of data, disruption or denial of service attacks and other electronic security breaches that could lead to disruptions in critical systems, unauthorized release of confidential, personal or otherwise protected information, including trade secrets, and corruption of data, networks or systems. We provide products and services to customers who also face cyber threats. Our products and services may be subject to cyber threats and we may not be able to detect or deter such threats, which could result in losses that could adversely affect our customers and our company. For example, in December 2020, Bal Seal identified file encryption activity and ransom notes on systems within its environment indicative of a Doppelpaymer ransomware attack, which disrupted Bal Seal's information technology systems. Although no payments were made to the threat actor, the interruption resulted in a temporary delay of revenue and in the incurrence of 
 17 

incremental costs for the year ended December 31, 2020; however, the incident was not material to the Company's fiscal year 2020 financial results. 
 
 We could also be impacted by cyber threats in our suppliers', partners' and customers' systems that are used in connection with our business, including threats directed towards our third-party and cloud service providers. Any such breach could compromise our networks and the information there could be accessed, publicly disclosed, lost or stolen. These events, if not prevented or mitigated, could damage our reputation, require remedial action and lead to loss of business, regulatory actions, potential liability and other financial losses. To address the risks to our information technology systems and data, we manage an information security program, maintain strong incident report capabilities and perform daily off-site backups. Additionally, we have put in place business continuity plans and security precautions for our critical systems, including a back-up data center. Updates on cyber security are provided to the Board of Directors at least twice a year. 
 
 Our information technology systems, processes and sites may suffer interruptions or failures which may affect our ability to conduct our business. 
 
 In the event our information technology systems are damaged or cease to function properly due to any number of causes, such as catastrophic events, power outages and security breaches resulting in unauthorized access or cyber-attacks, and our information security program, incident report capabilities, business continuity plans and security precautions do not function effectively on a timely basis, we may suffer interruptions in our operations or the misappropriation of proprietary information, which may adversely impact our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. In December 2020, an unauthorized party disrupted access to Bal Seal's information technology systems. The interruption resulted in a temporary delay of revenue and in the incurrence of incremental costs for the year ended December 31, 2020; however, the incident was not material to the Company's fiscal year 2020 financial results. Bal Seal was able to restore its affected systems and resume business operations in a relatively short period of time. 
 
 We have outsourced our information technology functions and transitioned to cloud-based technologies. Disruptions or delays at our third-party service providers could impact our operations. 
 
 As part of the comprehensive review of our general and administrative functions in order to improve operational efficiency and to align the Company's costs with its revenues, we outsourced certain information technology functions. While we believe we conducted appropriate diligence before entering into agreements with our third-party service providers and have the proper controls and oversight over the IT functions performed by our third parties, the failure of one or more of such entities to meet our performance standards and expectations, with respect to data security, compliance with data protection and privacy laws, providing services on a timely basis or providing services at the prices we expect, may have an adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition. Additionally, we have transitioned certain technology to cloud-based infrastructure. Our utilization of cloud services is critical to developing and providing products and services to our customers, scaling our business for future growth, accurately maintaining data and otherwise operating our business. Failure of cloud infrastructure providers to maintain adequate physical, technical and administrative safeguards to protect the security of our confidential information and data could result in unauthorized access to our systems or a system or network disruption that could lead to improper disclosure of confidential information or data, regulatory penalties and remedial costs. There may also be a discrepancy between the contractual liability profile that the cloud service provider has agreed to and our contractual liability profile with our customers. Any disruption to either the outsourced systems or the communication links between us and the outsourced suppliers could negatively affect our ability to operate our data systems, and could impair our ability to provide services to our customers. As we increase our reliance on these third-party systems, our exposure to damage from service disruptions may increase and we may incur additional costs to remedy the damages caused by these disruptions. 
 
 RISKS RELATED TO COMPLIANCE 
 
 Exports of certain of our products are subject to various export control regulations and authorizations, and we may not be successful in obtaining the necessary U.S. Government approvals and resultant export licenses for proposed sales to certain foreign customers. 
 
 We must comply with numerous laws and regulations relating to the export of our products and technologies, including, among others, the FMU-152A/B JPF, before we are permitted to sell those products and technologies outside of the United States. Compliance often entails the submission and timely receipt of necessary export approvals, licenses or authorizations from the USG and, depending on the size and nature of the proposed transaction, may even require the submission of formal notification to the United States Congress, which then has the ability to pass a joint resolution of disapproval blocking or amending the sale. Over the last several years, the U.S. export licensing environment for munitions, such as the JPF, has been adversely affected by a number of factors, including, but not limited to, the changing geopolitical environment and heightened tensions with other 
 18 

countries (which shift and evolve over time). Accordingly, we can give no assurance that we will be successful in obtaining, in a timely manner or at all, the approvals, licenses or authorizations we need to sell our products and technologies outside the United States, which may result in the cancellation of orders, the incurrence of significant penalties payable by the Company and the return of advance payments to our customers if we do not make deliveries and fulfill our contractual commitments. Any significant delay in, or impairment of, our ability to sell products or technologies outside of the United States could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Tariffs on certain imports to the United States and other potential changes to U.S. tariff and import/export regulations may have a negative effect on global economic conditions and our business, financial results and financial condition. 
 
 We are subject to tariffs on imports of steel and aluminum into the United States. As the implementation of tariffs is ongoing, more tariffs may be added in the future. While any steel and aluminum we use in our products is produced primarily in North America, the tariffs may provide domestic steel and aluminum producers the flexibility to increase their prices, at least to a level where their products would still be priced below foreign competitors once the tariffs are taken into account. These tariffs could have an adverse impact on our financial results, which include, but are not limited to, products we sell that include steel and aluminum, and if we are unable to pass such price increases through to our customers, it would likely increase our cost of sales and, as a result, decrease our gross margins, operating income and net income. To date, the impact of the tariffs has not been material to the Company. In addition, in response to the tariffs, a number of other countries are threatening to impose tariffs on U.S. imports, which, if implemented, could increase the price of our products in these countries and may result in our customers looking to alternative sources for our products. This would result in decreased sales, which could have a negative impact on our net income and financial condition. Any of these factors could depress economic activity and restrict our access to suppliers or customers and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 We are subject to litigation, tax, environmental, safety and health and other legal compliance risks that could adversely affect our operating results. 
 
 We are subject to a variety of litigation, tax and legal compliance risks. These risks include, among other things, possible liability relating to contract-related claims, government contracts, product liability matters, personal injuries, workplace health and safety, intellectual property rights, taxes, employment, environmental matters, including emerging remediation efforts around per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances (PFAS) contamination, and compliance with U.S. and foreign export laws, competition laws, laws governing improper business practices and data privacy laws, including the EU-wide General Data Protection Regulation (the "GDPR") and the California Consumer Privacy Act. In the event that we or one of our business units engage in wrongdoing in connection with any of these kinds of matters, we could be subject to significant fines, penalties, repayments, other damages (in certain cases, treble damages), or suspension or debarment from government contracts. Moreover, our failure to comply with applicable export and trade practice laws could result in civil or criminal penalties and suspension or termination of export privileges. In 2021, the U.S. Occupational Safety and Health Administration ("OSHA") issued citations to one of our business units, which resulted in penalties. Although the penalties were not material to the Company's 2021 financial results, non-compliance, including any future instances of non-compliance with OSHA regulations, could result in substantial costs and liabilities, and could materially adversely affect our business, reputation, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 As a global business, we are subject to complex laws and regulations in the U.S. and other countries in which we operate. Those laws and regulations may be interpreted in different ways. They may also change from time to time, as may related interpretations and other guidance. Changes in laws or regulations could result in higher expenses and payments, and uncertainty relating to laws or regulations may also affect how we conduct our operations and structure our investments and could limit our ability to enforce our rights. Changes in environmental and climate change laws or regulations, including laws relating to greenhouse gas emissions, could lead to new or additional investment in product designs and could increase environmental compliance expenditures. Changes in climate change concerns, or in the regulation of such concerns, including greenhouse gas emissions, could subject us to additional costs and restrictions, including increased energy and raw material costs. 
 
 Our financial results may be adversely affected by the outcome of pending legal proceedings and other contingencies that cannot be predicted. In accordance with GAAP, if a liability is deemed probable and reasonably estimable in light of the facts and circumstances known to us at a particular point in time, we make an estimate of material loss contingencies and establish reserves based on our assessment. Subsequent developments in legal proceedings may affect our assessment. The accrual of a loss contingency adversely affects our results of operations in the period in which a liability is recognized. This could also have an adverse impact on our cash flows in the period during which damages are paid. For a discussion of these matters, please refer to Note 19, Commitments and Contingencies , and Note 13, Environmental Costs, in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 19 

Increasing scrutiny and changing expectations from stakeholders with respect to our environmental, social and governance practices may expose us to new or additional risks. 
 
 Companies are facing increasing scrutiny from stakeholders and investors related to their environmental, social and governance ("ESG") practices and disclosures, including those related to climate change, human capital management, diversity and inclusion, social and community impact, corporate culture and governance standards. This increased focus and activism related to ESG and similar matters may hinder access to financing or capital, as investors or lenders may determine to reallocate or not invest capital as a result of their assessment of a company's ESG practices and disclosures. If we do not adapt or comply with evolving investor, lender or stakeholder ESG expectations and standards, or if we are perceived to have not responded appropriately to the growing focus on ESG issues, regardless of whether there is a legal requirement to do so, we may suffer from reputational damage and could experience a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Conversely, if we comply with evolving investor, lender and stakeholder ESG expectations and standards, doing so could result in higher costs, disruption and diversion of management attention, an increased strain on our resources and heightened legal and regulatory risk. 
 
 Our foreign operations require us to comply with a number of United States and international laws and regulations, violations of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 We are required to comply with a number of United States and international laws and regulations, such as the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977 (the "FCPA"), the U.K. Bribery Act of 2010 (the "Bribery Act"), and other similar anti-corruption laws and regulations. The FCPA generally prohibits United States companies or their agents and employees from providing anything of value to a foreign official for the purposes of influencing any act or decision of these individuals in their official capacity to help obtain or retain business, direct business to any person or corporate entity or obtain any unfair advantage. Although we have internal controls, procedures and compliance programs to train our employees and agents with respect to compliance with the FCPA and other applicable international laws and regulations, there can be no assurance that our policies, procedures and programs will always protect us from reckless or criminal acts committed by our employees or agents. Allegations of violations of applicable international laws and regulations, including the FCPA and the Bribery Act, may result in internal, independent or government investigations. Violations of the FCPA and other international laws and regulations may lead to severe criminal or civil sanctions and could result in liabilities that have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 Our foreign operations present additional risks and uncertainties which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 Our foreign business operations create additional risks and uncertainties, including the following: 
 
 Longer payment cycles; 
 Difficulties in accounts receivable collection, including complexities in documenting letters of credit; 
 Changes in regulatory requirements; 
 Export restrictions, tariffs and other trade barriers; 
 Difficulties in staffing and managing foreign operations; 
 Seasonal reductions in business activity during the summer months in Europe and certain other parts of the world; 
 Political or economic instability in the markets we serve; 
 Potentially adverse tax consequences; and 
 Cultural and legal differences impacting the conduct of business. 
 
 In addition, certain contracts with foreign customers include terms and reflect legal requirements that create additional risks. These include, among others, industrial cooperation agreements requiring specific in-country purchases, investments, manufacturing agreements or other financial obligations, known as offset requirements, and provide for significant penalties if we fail to meet such requirements. Failure to satisfy offset requirements may also lead to the inability to do business with such customers in the future. Certain of our foreign customers have required us to enter into letters of credit, performance or surety bonds, bank guarantees and/or other financial arrangements to secure our performance obligations. Currently, DCS contracts with a Middle Eastern customer are secured by unconditional letters of credit aggregating 46.1 million, which may be drawn upon unilaterally by the customer in the event of a disagreement or alleged failure to perform. All or any of these factors have the potential to have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 20 

We design, manufacture, service and sell complex aerospace parts, subassemblies and aircraft that subject us to potential risks and liabilities in the event they do not operate as intended. 
 
 The Company designs, manufactures, services and sells complex and sophisticated aerospace parts, subassemblies and aircraft. These products are manufactured according to detailed specifications and are subject to strict approval or certification requirements. From time to time, the Company's products may not operate as intended due to defects or failures. Due to the nature of the Company's business, liability claims have arisen, and may arise in the future, from accidents or disasters involving products the Company has manufactured, including claims for serious injury or death. Such accidents may be caused by environmental factors or human error. While management believes that the Company maintains adequate insurance for these risks, insurance cannot be obtained to protect against all risks and liabilities. It is therefore possible that the insurance coverage may not cover all claims or liabilities, and the Company may be forced to bear substantial unanticipated costs. While it is not possible to predict the outcome of investigations or litigation, in the opinion of management, any payments we may be required to make as a result of all such claims in existence at December 31, 2022, are not reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations or cash flows. 
 
 Additional tax exposure and tax law changes could have a material effect on our financial results. 
 
 We are subject to income taxes in the United States and certain foreign jurisdictions. The determination of the Company s provision for income taxes and other tax liabilities requires judgment and is based on legislative and regulatory structures that exist in the jurisdictions in which we operate, and we are periodically under audit by various tax authorities. We regularly assess the potential outcomes of examinations by tax authorities in determining the adequacy of our provision for income taxes. We are currently under audit by various foreign and state tax authorities for the years 2016 through 2019. Although we do not believe that any material adjustments will result from these audits, the outcome of tax audits cannot be predicted with certainty. Any final assessment resulting from tax audits may result in material changes to our past or future taxable income, tax payable or deferred tax assets and may require us to pay penalties and interest that could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 
 
 The value of our deferred tax assets could become impaired, which could materially and adversely affect our operating results. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 41.3 million in net deferred tax assets after valuation allowance. These deferred tax assets can be used to offset taxable income in future periods and reduce income taxes payable in those future periods. Each quarter, we determine the probability of the realization of deferred tax assets, using significant judgments and estimates with respect to, among other things, historical operating results, expectations of future earnings and tax planning strategies. In the event that there is insufficient positive evidence to support the valuation of these assets, we may be required to further adjust the valuation allowance to reduce our deferred tax assets. Such a reduction could result in a material non-cash charge in the period in which the valuation allowance is adjusted and could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 
 
 RISKS RELATING TO ACQUISITIONS, JOINT VENTURES, DIVESTITURES AND RESTRUCTURING 
 
 We may make acquisitions or investments in new businesses, products or technologies that involve additional risks, which could disrupt our business or harm our financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 As part of our business strategy, we have made, and expect to continue to make, acquisitions of businesses or investments in companies that offer complementary products, services and technologies. Such acquisitions or investments involve a number of risks, including: 
 
 Assimilating operations and products may be unexpectedly difficult; 
 Management's attention may be diverted from other business concerns; 
 We may enter markets in which we have limited or no direct experience; 
 We may lose key employees, customers or vendors of an acquired business; 
 We may not be able to achieve the synergies or cost savings we anticipated; 
 We may not realize the assigned value of the acquired assets; 
 We may experience quality control failures or encounter other customer relationship issues; and 
 We may become subject to preexisting liabilities and obligations of the acquired businesses. 
 
 21 

These factors could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. In addition, the consideration paid for any future acquisitions could include our stock or require that we incur additional debt and contingent liabilities. As a result, future acquisitions could cause dilution of existing equity interests and earnings per share. 
 
 Certain business operations are conducted through joint ventures, which entail special risks . 
 
 We utilize joint ventures to perform certain business operations. The Company relies significantly on the services and skills of its joint venture partner to manage and conduct the local business operations of the joint venture and ensure compliance with all applicable laws and regulations. If our joint venture partner fails to perform these functions adequately, it may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Moreover, if our joint venture partner fails to honor its financial obligations to commit capital, equity or credit support to the joint venture as a result of financial or other difficulties or for any other reason, the joint venture may be unable to perform contracted services or deliver contracted products unless we provide the necessary capital, equity or credit support. The Company currently has a 49 equity interest in Kineco-Kaman Composites - India Private Limited, a composites manufacturing joint venture located in Goa, India. 
 
 We may be unable to realize expected benefits from our cost reduction and restructuring efforts and our profitability may be hurt or business otherwise might be adversely affected. 
 
 In order to operate more efficiently and control costs, from time to time, we announce restructuring plans or other cost savings initiatives, which include workforce reductions as well as facility consolidations and other cost reduction initiatives, such as streamlining our processes. These plans are intended to generate operating expense savings through direct cost and indirect overhead expense reductions, as well as other savings. In December 2022, the Company began a review of all businesses and programs to increase efficiencies, improve working capital management and focus on sustainable and consistent revenue and profit generating activities. As a result of this review, we announced a restructuring plan which includes the following: (i) consolidating JPF production to our Middletown, Connecticut facility leading to the permanent closure of our Orlando, Florida manufacturing facility by the end of 2024; (ii) discontinuing the manufacture and production of the K-MAX and the K-MAX TITAN ; (iii) streamlining the Company s facilities and functions by reducing headcount, eliminating non-value added activities and waste in its processes; and (iv) right-sizing the Company s total cost structure to better align with the size of the Company. These actions, in combination with the previously announced JPF program consolidation and related closure of the Company s Orlando facility, are expected to generate approximately 25 million of annualized run-rate cost savings and are intended to allow the Company to focus on driving meaningful growth in its core businesses and improve earnings over time. 
 
 We may undertake further workforce reductions or restructuring actions in the future. These types of cost reduction and restructuring activities are complex. If we do not successfully manage our current initiatives and restructuring activities or any other similar activities that we may undertake in the future, expected efficiencies and benefits might be delayed or not realized, and our operations and business could be disrupted. Risks associated with these initiatives, actions and other workforce management issues include political responses to such actions, unforeseen delays in the implementation of anticipated workforce reductions, additional unexpected costs, changes in responsibilities, business and information technology systems disruptions, changes in internal controls, potential impacts on financial reporting, adverse effects on employee morale and the failure to meet operational targets, whether due to the loss of employees, work stoppages or otherwise, any of which may impair our ability to achieve anticipated sales or cost reductions and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 GENERAL RISK FACTORS 
 
 Our future operating results will be impacted by changes in global economic and political conditions. 
 
 Our future operating results and liquidity are expected to be impacted by changes in general economic and political conditions which may affect, among other things, the following: 
 
 The availability of credit and our ability to obtain additional or renewed bank financing, the lack of which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations and may limit our ability to invest in capital projects and planned expansions or to fully execute our business strategy; 
 Market rates of interest, any increase in which would increase the interest payable on some of our borrowings and adversely impact our cash flow; 
 Inflation, which has caused our suppliers to raise prices that we may not be able to pass on to our customers, which could adversely impact our business, including competitive position, market share and margins; 
 22 

The investment performance of our pension plan, as well as the associated discount rate, any adverse changes in which may result in a deterioration in the funded status of the plan and an increase in required contributions and plan expense; 
 The relationship between the U.S. dollar and other currencies, any adverse changes in which could negatively impact our financial results; 
 The ability of our customers to pay for products and services on a timely basis, any adverse change in which could negatively impact sales and cash flows and require us to increase our bad debt reserves; 
 The volume of orders we receive from our customers, any adverse change in which could result in lower operating profits as well as less absorption of fixed costs due to a decreased business base; 
 The ability of our suppliers to meet our demand requirements, maintain the pricing of their products or continue operations, any of which may require us to find and qualify new suppliers; 
 The issuance and timely receipt of necessary export approvals, licenses and authorizations from the U.S. Government, the lack or untimely receipt of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations; 
 The political stability and leadership of countries where our customers and suppliers reside, including military activity, training and threat levels, any adverse changes in which could negatively impact our financial results, such as the effects of the ongoing war in Ukraine. These effects include adverse impacts on energy availability and prices, natural materials availability and pricing, sanctions, loss of company markets and financial market impacts; and 
 The volatility in equity capital markets which may continue to adversely affect the market price of our common shares, which may affect our ability to fund our business through the sale of equity securities and retain key employees through our equity compensation plans. 
 
 While general economic and political conditions have not impaired our ability to access credit markets and finance our operations to date, there can be no assurance that we will not experience future adverse effects that may be material to our cash flows, competitive position, financial condition, results of operations or our ability to access capital. 
 
 We could be negatively impacted by the loss of key suppliers, the consolidation of suppliers, the lack of product availability, a decrease in quality or changes in supplier programs or prices. 
 
 Our business depends on maintaining a sufficient supply of various products to meet our customers' demands. We have long-standing relationships with key suppliers but these relationships generally are non-exclusive and could be terminated by either party. If we were to lose a key supplier, or were unable to obtain the same levels of deliveries from these suppliers and were unable to supplement those purchases with products obtained from other suppliers, it could have a material adverse effect on our business. Additionally, we rely on foreign and domestic suppliers and commodity markets to secure raw materials used in many of the products we manufacture. Suppliers have consolidated and formed alliances to broaden their product and integrated system offerings, and achieve critical mass. Supplier consolidation could cause us to compete against certain competitors with greater financial resources, market penetration and purchasing power. This exposes us to volatility in the price and availability of raw materials. In some instances, we depend upon a single source of supply. Supply interruptions could arise from shortages of raw materials, labor disputes or worker resignations, weather conditions or pandemics, such as disruptions we have seen due to the effects of COVID-19, affecting suppliers' production, transportation disruptions or other reasons beyond our control. Even if we continue with our current supplier relationships, high demand for certain products may result in us being unable to meet our customers' demands, which could put us at a competitive disadvantage. Our suppliers may also provide us with parts or materials that do not meet our rigorous quality standards. This may cause delays in our ability to provide our products timely to our customers, or may result in incurring additional costs in order to procure parts or materials that function as required. Additionally, our key suppliers could also increase the pricing of their products, which would negatively affect our operating results if we were not able to pass these price increases through to our customers. Price increases may intensify or occur more frequently as demand for raw materials and components increase, or as disruptions occur within the supply chain. The prices for our products fluctuate depending on market conditions and global demand, and we may be required to absorb the cost increase. We base our supply management process on an appropriate balancing of the foreseeable risks and the costs of alternative practices. To protect ourselves against such risks, we may engage in strategic inventory purchases during the year, negotiate long-term vendor supply agreements, monitor our inventory levels and obtain second sources when applicable to ensure that we have the appropriate inventory on hand to meet our customers' requirements. 
 
 We may not realize all of the sales expected from our existing backlog or anticipated orders. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, we had 720.9 million of order backlog. There can be no assurance that the revenues included in our backlog will be realized or, if realized will result in profits. We consider backlog to be firm customer orders. OEM customers may provide projections of components and assemblies that they anticipate purchasing in the future under existing programs. These projections may represent orders that are beyond lead time and are included in backlog when supported by a long term 
 23 

agreement. Our customers have the right under certain circumstances or with certain penalties or consequences to terminate, reduce or defer firm orders that we have in backlog. If our customers terminate, reduce or defer firm orders, we may be protected from certain costs and losses, but our sales would be adversely affected. Although we strive to maintain ongoing relationships with our customers, there is an ongoing risk that orders may be canceled or rescheduled due to fluctuations in our customers business needs or purchasing budgets. 
 
 Our revenue, cash flows and quarterly results may fluctuate, which could adversely affect our stock price. 
 
 We may in the future experience significant fluctuations in our quarterly operating results attributable to a variety of factors. Such factors include but are not limited to: 
 
 Changes in demand for our products; 
 Introduction, enhancement or announcement of products by us or our competitors; 
 Market acceptance of our new products; 
 The growth rates of certain market segments in which we compete; 
 Size, timing and shipment terms of significant orders; 
 Difficulties with our technical programs; 
 Budgeting cycles of customers; 
 Pricing pressures from customers; 
 Customer advances; 
 Longer payment terms required by our customers; 
 Mix of distribution channels; 
 Mix of products and services sold; 
 Mix of domestic and international revenues; 
 Fluctuations in currency exchange rates; 
 Changes in the level of operating expenses; 
 Changes in our sales and management incentive plans; 
 Changes in tax laws in the jurisdictions in which we conduct business; 
 Timing of tax payments, assessments and settlements; 
 Inventory obsolescence; 
 Accrual of contract losses; 
 Fluctuations in oil and utility costs; 
 Health care reform; 
 Completion or announcement of acquisitions or divestitures 
 Timing of recovery from the COVID-19 pandemic; and 
 General economic conditions in regions in which we conduct business. 
 
 Most of our expenses are relatively fixed in the short-term, including costs of personnel and facilities, and are not easily reduced. Thus, an unexpected reduction in our revenue, or failure to achieve an anticipated rate of growth, could have a material adverse effect on our profitability. If our operating results do not meet the expectations of investors, our stock price may decline. 
 
 Our financial results of operations could be adversely affected by impairment of our goodwill or other intangible assets. 
 
 When we acquire a business, we record goodwill equal to the excess of the amount we pay for the business, including liabilities assumed, over the fair value of the tangible and identifiable intangible assets of the business we acquire. Goodwill and other intangible assets that have indefinite useful lives must be evaluated at least annually for impairment. The specific guidance for testing goodwill and other non-amortized intangible assets for impairment requires management to make certain estimates and assumptions when allocating goodwill to reporting units and determining the fair value of reporting unit net assets and liabilities, including, among other things, an assessment of market conditions, projected cash flows, investment rates, cost of capital and growth rates, which could significantly impact the reported value of goodwill and other intangible assets. Changes in our estimates and assumptions could adversely impact projected cash flows and the fair value of reporting units. Fair value is generally determined using a combination of the discounted cash flow, market multiple and market capitalization valuation approaches. Absent any impairment indicators, we generally perform our evaluations annually in the fourth quarter, using available forecast information. If at any time we determine an impairment has occurred, we are required to reflect the reduction in value as an expense within operating income, resulting in a reduction of earnings and a corresponding reduction in our net asset value in the period such impairment is identified. In the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded a goodwill impairment charge of 25.3 million for the KPP-Orlando reporting unit. Refer to Note 12, Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets, Net , for further information on this impairment. In the event there is further deterioration in business conditions or 
 24 

estimated cash flows beyond amounts previously or currently forecasted, there is a risk of future impairments on our goodwill balance. 
 
 The cost and effort to start up new programs and introduce new products and technologies could negatively impact our operating results and profits. 
 
 The time required and costs incurred to ramp up a new program can be significant and include nonrecurring costs for tooling, first article testing, finalizing drawings and engineering specifications and hiring new employees able to perform the technical work required. New programs can typically involve a greater volume of scrap, higher costs due to inefficiencies, delays in production and learning curves that are often more extended than anticipated, all of which could have a material effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 We also seek to achieve growth through the design, development, production, sale and support of innovative products that incorporate advanced technologies. The product, program and service needs of our customers change and evolve regularly and we invest in research and development efforts to pursue advances in technologies, products and services. We are currently developing the KARGO UAV unmanned aerial system, a compact purpose-built, autonomous aircraft designed to provide cost-effective cargo hauling up to 800 pounds. We anticipate both competition and demand for unmanned aircraft to be high, which allows for a short time frame to develop and manufacture the unmanned aircraft systems. If any of our development and/or production efforts are delayed, if suppliers cannot deliver timely or perform to our standards and/or if we identify or experience any other issues, we may not meet delivery schedules agreed upon with our customers, which could result in additional material costs, including liquidated damages or other liabilities that could be assessed. 
 
 Our ability to realize the anticipated benefits of our technological advancements depends on a variety of factors, including meeting development, production, certification and regulatory approval schedules; execution of internal and external performance plans; availability of supplier and internal facility capacity to perform maintenance, repair, and overhaul services on our products; hiring and training of qualified personnel; achieving cost and production efficiencies, identification of emerging technological trends in our target end markets; validation of innovative technologies; the level of customer interest in new technologies and products; and customer acceptance of products we manufacture. Development efforts divert resources from potential resources in our businesses, and these efforts may not lead to the development of new technologies on a timely basis or meet the needs of our customers as fully as competitive offerings. Additionally, the markets for our products or products that incorporate our technologies may not develop or grow as we anticipate. We may encounter difficulties in developing and/or producing new products or services and may not realize the degree or timing of benefits initially anticipated or may otherwise suffer significant adverse financial consequences. Due to the design complexity of our products, we may experience delays in completing the development and introduction of new products. Delays could result in increased development costs or deflect resources from other projects. Furthermore, our competitors or customers may develop competing technologies which gain market acceptance in advance or instead of our products. Additionally, our competitors may develop new technologies or offerings that may cause our existing technologies or offerings to become obsolete. These risks associated with efforts to start up new programs and introduce new products and technologies could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 We rely on the experience and expertise of our skilled employees, and must continue to attract and retain qualified technical, marketing and managerial personnel in order to succeed. 
 
 Our future success will depend largely upon our ability to attract and retain highly skilled technical, operational and financial managers and marketing personnel. There is significant competition for such personnel in the industries in which we operate. We try to ensure that we offer competitive compensation and benefits as well as opportunities for continued development, and we continually strive to recruit and train qualified personnel and retain key employees. We may be impacted by higher labor costs and/or labor shortages due to wage and salary inflationary pressures in the economy, a tightening labor market and increased rates of employee resignations generally throughout the U.S. economy. Despite our efforts, there can be no assurance that we will continue to be successful in attracting and retaining the personnel we require to develop new and enhanced products and to continue to grow and operate profitably. In addition, a significant portion of our employees are nearing or eligible for retirement. As experienced personnel leave the Company, we must develop other employees, hire qualified new personnel and successfully transfer critical knowledge in order to minimize the effect on our results of operations, cash flows or financial position. 

25 

We depend on our intellectual property, and have access to certain intellectual property and information of our customers and suppliers and any infringement or failure to protect such intellectual property could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 We rely on a combination of patents, trademarks, copyrights, trade secrets, nondisclosure agreements, physical and information technology security systems, internal controls and compliance systems and other measures to protect our intellectual property, data, and technology rights, both domestically and internationally, as well as the intellectual property, data and technology rights of our customers and suppliers that we have in our possession or to which we have access. Our efforts to protect such intellectual property, data and technology rights may not be sufficient. There can be no assurance that our pending patent applications will result in the issuance of patents to us, that patents issued to or licensed by us in the past or in the future will not be challenged or circumvented by competitors, or that these patents will be found to be valid or sufficiently broad to preclude our competitors from introducing technologies similar to those covered by our patents and patent applications. Our ability to protect and enforce our intellectual property, data and technology rights may be limited in certain countries outside the U.S. as may be our ability to prevent theft or compromise of our intellectual property, data and technology rights by competitors, state actors or third parties. In addition, we may be the target of competitor or other third-party patent enforcement actions seeking substantial monetary damages or seeking to prevent our sale and marketing of certain of our products or services. Our competitive position also may be adversely impacted by limitations on our ability to obtain possession of, and ownership or necessary licenses concerning, data important to the development or provision of our products or service offerings, or by limitations on our ability to restrict the use by others of data related to our products or services. Any of these events or factors could have a material adverse effect on our competitive position, subject us to judgments, penalties and significant litigation costs or temporarily or permanently disrupt our sales and marketing of the affected products or services. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our competitive position, results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. 
 Business disruptions could seriously affect our sales and financial condition or increase our costs and expenses. 
 Our business may be impacted by disruptions including, but not limited to, threats to physical security, information technology attacks or failures, damaging weather or other acts of nature and pandemics or other public health crises. Any of these disruptions could affect our internal operations or services provided to customers, and could impact our sales, increase our expenses or adversely affect our reputation or our stock price. We have developed and are implementing business continuity plans for each of our businesses, in order to mitigate the effects disruptions may have on our financial results. 
 
 A failure to maintain effective internal controls could adversely affect our ability to accurately report our financial results or prevent fraud. 
 
 Our ability to provide assurance with respect to our financial reports and to effectively prevent fraud depends on effective internal controls. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements; therefore, even effective controls can only provide reasonable assurance with respect to the preparation and fair presentation of financial statements. If our internal controls were to be compromised, our financial statements could become materially misleading, which could adversely affect the trading price of our common stock. Any material weakness could adversely impact investor confidence in the accuracy of our financial statements, affecting our ability to obtain additional financing. This would likely have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and the market value of our stock. Additionally, we would be required to incur costs to make the necessary improvements to our internal control systems. 
 Although management has assessed our internal control over financial reporting as effective based on criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations - Integrated Framework, we can give no assurance that material weaknesses will not occur in the future nor that existing controls will continue to be adequate to prevent or identify irregularities or ensure fair presentation of our financial statements in the future. 
 
 The adoption of new accounting guidance or changes in the interpretations of existing guidance could affect our financial results. 
 We prepare our financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. These accounting principles are subject to interpretation by the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB and the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). A change in these principles or interpretations could have a significant effect on our reported financial results, may retroactively affect previously reported results, could cause unexpected financial reporting fluctuations and may require us to make costly changes to our operational processes and accounting systems. 

26 

Our business could be impacted as a result of actions by activist shareholders or others. 
 
 We may be subject, from time to time, to legal and business challenges in the operation of our company due to actions instituted by activist shareholders or others. Responding to such actions could be costly and time-consuming, may not align with our business strategies and could divert the attention of our Board of Directors and senior management from the pursuit of our business strategies. Perceived uncertainties as to our future direction as a result of shareholder activism may lead to the perception of a change in the direction of the business or other instability and may make it more difficult to attract and retain qualified personnel and business partners and may affect our relationships with vendors, customers and other third parties. 
 
 FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
 This report contains "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements also may be included in other publicly available documents issued by the Company and in oral statements made by our officers and representatives from time to time. These forward-looking statements are intended to provide management's current expectations or plans for our future operating and financial performance, based on assumptions currently believed to be valid. They can be identified by the use of words such as "anticipate," "intend," "plan," "goal," "seek," "believe," "project," "estimate," "expect," "strategy," "future," "likely," "may," "should," "would," "could," "will" and other words of similar meaning in connection with a discussion of future operating or financial performance. Examples of forward looking statements include, among others, statements relating to future sales, earnings, cash flows, results of operations, uses of cash and other measures of financial performance. 
 
 Because forward-looking statements relate to the future, they are subject to inherent risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause the Company's actual results and financial condition to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. Such risks, uncertainties and other factors include, among others: (i) changes in domestic and foreign economic and competitive conditions in markets served by the Company, particularly the defense, commercial aviation and industrial production markets; (ii) changes in government and customer priorities and requirements (including cost-cutting initiatives, government and customer shut-downs, the potential deferral of awards, terminations or reductions of expenditures to respond to the priorities of Congress and the Administration, or budgetary cuts resulting from Congressional actions or automatic sequestration); (iii) the global economic impact of the COVID-19 pandemic; (iv) risks and uncertainties associated with the successful integration of our Aircraft Wheel and Brake acquisition; (v) changes in geopolitical conditions in countries where the Company does or intends to do business; (vi) the successful conclusion of competitions for government programs (including new, follow-on and successor programs) and thereafter successful contract negotiations with government authorities (both foreign and domestic) for the terms and conditions of the programs; (vii) the timely receipt of any necessary export approvals and/or other licenses or authorizations from the USG; (viii) timely satisfaction or fulfillment of material contractual conditions precedents in customer purchase orders, contracts, or similar arrangements; (ix) the existence of standard government contract provisions permitting renegotiation of terms and termination for the convenience of the government; (x) the successful resolution of government inquiries or investigations relating to our businesses and programs; (xi) risks and uncertainties associated with the successful implementation and ramp up of significant new programs, including the ability to manufacture the products to the detailed specifications required and recover start-up costs and other investments in the programs; (xii) potential difficulties associated with variable acceptance test results, given sensitive production materials and extreme test parameters; (xiii) the successful execution of production orders under the Company's existing USG JPF contract; (xiv) the continued support of the existing K-MAX helicopter fleet, including sale of existing K-MAX spare parts inventory; (xv) the accuracy of current cost estimates associated with environmental remediation activities; (xvi) the profitable integration of acquired businesses into the Company's operations; (xvii) the ability to recover from cyber-based or other security attacks, information technology failures or other disruptions; (xviii) changes in supplier sales or vendor incentive policies; (xix) the ability of our suppliers to satisfy their performance obligations, including any supply chain disruptions; (xx) the effects of price increases or decreases; (xxi) the effects of pension regulations, pension plan assumptions, pension plan asset performance, future contributions and the pension freeze; (xxii) future levels of indebtedness and capital expenditures; (xxiii) compliance with our debt covenants; (xxiv) the continued availability of raw materials and other commodities in adequate supplies and the effect of increased costs for such items; (xxv) the effects of currency exchange rates and foreign competition on future operations; (xxvi) changes in laws and regulations, taxes, interest rates, inflation rates and general business conditions; (xxvii) future repurchases and/or issuances of common stock;(xxviii) the occurrence of unanticipated restructuring costs or the failure to realize anticipated savings or benefits from past or future expense reduction actions; (xxix) the ability to recruit and retain skilled employees; and (xxx) other risks and uncertainties set forth herein. 
 
 Any forward-looking information provided in this report should be considered with these factors in mind. We assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statements contained in this report. 

27 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 
 None. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 
 Our facilities are generally suitable for, and adequate to serve, their intended uses. At December 31, 2022, we occupied major facilities at the following principal locations: Segment Location Property Type (1) 
 Engineered Products Bloomfield, Connecticut Owned - Manufacturing Office Rimpar, Germany Owned - Manufacturing Office Prachatice, Czech Republic Owned - Assembly Office H chstadt, Germany 
 Owned - Manufacturing Office Foothills Ranch, California Owned - Manufacturing Office Colorado Springs, Colorado Owned - Manufacturing Office Gilbert, Arizona Leased - Office Service Center Avon, Ohio Owned - Manufacturing Office Precision Products Orlando, Florida Owned - Manufacturing Office Middletown, Connecticut Owned - Manufacturing Office Bloomfield, Connecticut Owned - Manufacturing, Office Service Center Structures Jacksonville, Florida Leased - Manufacturing Office Wichita, Kansas Leased - Manufacturing Office Bennington, Vermont Owned - Manufacturing Office Corporate Bloomfield, Connecticut Owned - Office Information Technology Back-Up Data Center Orlando, Florida Leased - Office 
 Square Feet Engineered Products 1,018,822 Precision Products 590,045 Structures 468,989 Corporate (2) 
 137,097 Total 2,214,953 
 (1) Owned facilities are unencumbered. 
 (2) We occupy a 40,000 square foot corporate headquarters building, 38,000 square foot mixed use building, and 8,000 square foot data center in Bloomfield, Connecticut. We lease a 5,000 square foot accounts receivable and accounts payable processing center in Orlando, Florida. 
 28 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 General 
 
 From time to time, as a normal incident of the nature and kinds of businesses in which the Company and its subsidiaries are, and were, engaged, various claims or charges are asserted and legal proceedings are commenced by or against the Company and/or one or more of its subsidiaries. Claimed amounts may be substantial but may not bear any reasonable relationship to the merits of the claim or the extent of any real risk of court or arbitral awards. We record accruals related to those matters for which we consider a loss to be both probable and reasonably estimable. Gain contingencies, if any, are not recognized until they are realized. Legal costs are generally expensed when incurred. 
 
 We evaluate, on a quarterly basis, developments in legal proceedings that could affect the amount of any accrual and developments that would make a loss contingency both probable and reasonably estimable. Our loss contingencies are subject to substantial uncertainties, however, including for each such contingency the following, among other factors: (i) the procedural status of the case; (ii) whether the case has or may be certified as a class action suit; (iii) the outcome of preliminary motions; (iv) the impact of discovery; (v) whether there are significant factual issues to be determined or resolved; (vi) whether the proceedings involve a large number of parties and/or claims in multiple jurisdictions or jurisdictions in which the relevant laws are complex or unclear; (vii) the extent of potential damages, which are often unspecified or indeterminate; and (viii) the status of settlement discussions, if any, and the settlement postures of the parties. Because of these uncertainties, management has determined that, except as otherwise noted below, the amount of loss or range of loss that is reasonably possible in respect of each matter described below (including any reasonably possible losses in excess of amounts already accrued), is not reasonably estimable. 
 
 While it is not possible to predict the outcome of these matters with certainty, based upon available information, management believes that all settlements, arbitration awards and final judgments, if any, which are considered probable of being rendered against us in legal proceedings and that can be reasonably estimated are accrued for at December 31, 2022. Despite this analysis, there can be no assurance that the final outcome of these matters will not have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 
 
 Except as set forth below, as of December 31, 2022, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries is a party, nor is any of its or their property subject, to any material pending legal proceedings, other than ordinary routine litigation incidental to the business of the Company and its subsidiaries. Additional information relating to certain of these matters is set forth in Note 19, Commitments and Contingencies , and Note 13, Environmental Costs , of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, included in Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Environmental Matters 
 
 The Company and its subsidiaries are subject to numerous U.S. Federal, state and international environmental laws and regulatory requirements and are involved from time to time in investigations or litigation of various potential environmental issues concerning activities at our facilities or former facilities or remediation as a result of past activities (including past activities of companies we have acquired). From time to time, we receive notices from the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency or equivalent state or international environmental agencies that we are a potentially responsible party under the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act (commonly known as the Superfund Act and/or equivalent laws. Such notices assert potential liability for cleanup costs at various sites, which may include sites owned by us, sites we previously owned and treatment or disposal sites not owned by us, allegedly containing hazardous substances attributable to us from past operations. While it is not possible to predict the outcome of these proceedings, in the opinion of management, any payments we may be required to make as a result of all such claims in existence at December 31, 2022, will not have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations or cash flows. Additional information relating to certain of these matters is set forth in Note 19, Commitments and Contingencies , and Note 13, Environmental Costs , of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, included in Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 
 Not applicable. 
 29 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 
 MARKET, DIVIDEND AND SHAREHOLDER INFORMATION 
 
 Our Common Stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol "KAMN". As of January 27, 2023, there were 3,416 registered holders of our Common Stock. Holders of the Company s Common Stock are eligible to participate in the Computershare CIP program, which offers a variety of services including dividend reinvestment and direct stock purchase. The plan brochure describing the program may be obtained by contacting Computershare at (800) 227-0291 or via the web at www.computershare.com/investor . 
 
 ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 
 The following table provides information about purchases of Common Stock by the Company during the three months ended December 31, 2022: Period Total Number of Shares Purchased (a) Average Price Paid per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of a Publicly Announced Plan (b) Approximate Dollar Value of 
 Shares That 
 May Yet Be 
 Purchased 
 Under the 
 Plan (b) 
 in thousands 
 October 1, 2022 October 28, 2022 1,112 33.17 50,000 October 29, 2022 November 25, 2022 95 20.72 50,000 November 26, 2022 December 31, 2022 50,000 Total 1,207 
 (a) During the quarter the Company purchased 1,207 shares in connection with employee tax withholding obligations as permitted by our equity compensation plans; these purchases were made in compliance with SEC Rule 16b-3. These are not purchases under our publicly announced program. 
 
 (b) On April 20, 2022, the Company announced that its Board of Directors approved a 50.0 million share repurchase 
 program. This plan replaces the authorization approved in April 2015. For additional information, see "Item 2. Management's 
 Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations -- Liquidity and Capital Resources -- Other Sources/ 
 Uses of Capital" in this Form 10-K. 
 30 

PERFORMANCE GRAPH 
 
 Following is a comparison of our total shareholder return for the period 2017 2022 compared to the Russell 2000 Small Cap Index, S P 600 Small Cap Index and the S P 600 Small Cap Aerospace Defense Index, as permitted by regulation, all of which are comprised of issuers with market capitalizations generally similar to that of the Company. 

2017 2018 2019 2020 (1) 
 2021 (1) 
 2022 (1)(2) 
 Kaman Corporation 100.00 96.55 114.95 101.51 78.08 41.47 Russell 2000 100.00 88.99 111.70 134.00 153.85 122.41 S P Small Cap 600 100.00 91.52 112.37 125.05 158.59 133.06 S P 600 Aerospace Defense 100.00 100.39 130.94 130.81 126.68 132.50 
 (1) The Company's 2022, 2021 and 2020 results were impacted by the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic on the commercial aerospace end market. In the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, 35 , 26 and 28 , respectively, of the Company's net sales were attributable to this end market. 
 (2) The Company's 2022 results were impacted by lower JPF sales as the program continues to move through its product lifecycle as well as supply chain disruptions. For further information on these items, refer to Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Segment Results. 

ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 
 
 31 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations ("MD A") is intended to provide readers of our consolidated financial statements with the perspectives of management. MD A presents in narrative form information regarding our financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and certain other factors that may affect our future results. This should allow the readers of this report to obtain a comprehensive understanding of our businesses, strategies, current trends and future prospects. MD A should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements and related Notes included in this Form 10-K. 
 
 OVERVIEW OF BUSINESS 
 
 Kaman Corporation ("the Company") conducts business through three business segments: 
 The Engineered Products segment serves the aerospace and defense, industrial and medical markets providing sophisticated, proprietary aircraft bearings and components; super precision, miniature ball bearings; and proprietary spring energized seals, springs and contacts; and wheels, brakes and related hydraulic components for helicopters and fixed-wing and UAV aircraft. 
 The Precision Products segment serves the aerospace and defense markets providing precision safe and arming solutions for missile and bomb systems for the U.S. and allied militaries; subcontract helicopter work; restoration, modification and support of our SH-2G Super Seasprite maritime helicopters; support of our heavy lift K-MAX manned helicopter; and development of the KARGO UAV unmanned aerial system, a purpose built autonomous medium lift logistics vehicle. 
 The Structures segment serves the aerospace and defense and medical end markets providing sophisticated complex metallic and composite aerostructures for commercial, military and general aviation fixed and rotary wing aircraft, and medical imaging solutions. 
 
 Executive Summary 
 
 In September 2022, we completed our acquisition of Aircraft Wheel and Brake, the largest acquisition in our history. Despite the addition of acquisition sales, supply chain and program challenges constrained our financial results in 2022. In the year ended December 31, 2022, consolidated net sales from continuing operations decreased by 3.0 to 688.0 million driven by a 5.9 decrease in organic sales, primarily attributable to a reduction in sales of our safe and arms devices. This reduction was partially offset by higher sales in our commercial, business and general aviation products, as demand continues to recover for these products. Gross margin was 26.0 compared to 33.4 in the prior year period, impacted by the write-off of 44.5 million of inventory on our K-MAX program, as we determined that we will no longer produce the aircraft, and program challenges, such as cost growth on certain legacy fuzing programs, as well as the 3.1 million inventory step-up associated with the purchase accounting for the Aircraft Wheel and Brake acquisition. Selling, general and administrative expenses ("S,G A") increased by 9.2 , mostly driven by higher corporate development activities associated with the acquisition of Aircraft Wheel and Brake. We incurred an operating loss of 66.3 million in the period, resulting from the 25.3 million goodwill impairment charge at the KPP-Orlando reporting unit and the write-off of 53.7 million in inventory and contract assets related to the K-MAX program. GAAP loss per share from continuing operations was 1.65 compared to earnings per share from continuing operations of 1.57 in the prior year, primarily due to the charges discussed above. 
 
 Other financial highlights 
 
 Loss from continuing operations, net of tax was 46.2 million, compared to earnings from continuing operations of 43.7 million in the prior year. This loss reflects the goodwill impairment charge at the KPP-Orlando reporting unit and the write-off of inventory and contract assets related to the K-MAX program discussed above. 
 Cash flows provided by operating activities of continuing operations were 21.0 million for 2022, a decrease of 27.7 million, compared to the prior year. This change was largely driven by the timing of collection of payments on the Joint Programmable Fuze ("JPF") program. 
 Total unfulfilled performance obligations ("backlog") increased 2.9 to 720.9 million, mostly driven by strong order intake at our Engineered Products segment. 

32 

Acquisitions and divestitures 
 
 In September 2022, we completed our acquisition of the Parker-Hannifin Corporation's Aircraft Wheel and Brake division for a total purchase price of 441.3 million. 
 In July 2022, we sold certain assets and liabilities of our Mexico Operations in the Structures segment. 
 
 Transformation actions 
 
 In December 2022, the Company began a review of all businesses and programs to increase efficiencies, improve working capital management and focus on sustainable and consistent revenue and profit generating activities. As a result of this review, we determined that we will discontinue the production of the K-MAX medium-to-heavy lift helicopters and K-MAX TITAN unmanned aerial system in 2023. We will continue to support the existing K-MAX fleet in operation, including providing operators with repair, spare parts and fleet services, as well as training. 
 In December 2022, we announced the plan to consolidate the production of the JPF at our Middletown, Connecticut facility. The Orlando facility, where the JPF is currently produced, is expected to fully cease operations by the end of 2024. 
 
 Management changes 
 
 The following executive officers left the Company in connection with cost reduction efforts, effective January 27, 2023: 
 Russell J. Bartlett, Senior Vice President and Chief Operating Officer; 
 Shawn G. Lisle, Senior Vice President, General Counsel, Chief Ethics and Compliance Officer and Assistant Secretary; and 
 Rafael Z. Cohen, Vice President and Chief Information Officer. 
 In connection with the departures discussed above, effective January 27, 2023: 
 Richard S. Smith, Jr. was appointed Senior Vice President and General Counsel; and 
 Roy Dilig was appointed Vice President Information Technology. 
 In July 2022, Carroll K. Lane was appointed Senior Vice President and President of Kaman Precision Products and Kaman Air Vehicles. 
 In June 2022, Niharika Taskar Ramdev was appointed to our Board of Directors. 
 
 Other key events 
 
 In October 2022, we received a signed purchase agreement from North American Helicopter for a K-MAX medium-to-heavy lift helicopter, which was delivered in November. 
 In October 2022, Kaman Air Vehicles was selected to build a logistics unmanned aerial systems prototype for the United States Marine Corps. This funded prototype will be a military version of our KARGO UAV unmanned aerial system, with the build starting in 2023 in preparation for a Field User Capability Assessment. 
 In August 2022, Kaman Precision Products announced an award from The Boeing Company for the Standoff Land Attack Missile Expanded Response (SLAM-ER) program. This award has a total value of approximately 38 million and secures deliveries in support of the SLAM-ER program through 2028. 
 In June 2022, we invested 10.0 million in Near Earth Autonomy, Inc. ("Near Earth"), in exchange for a minority interest in its outstanding equity and one seat on its Board of Directors. 
 In April 2022, our Board of Directors approved a share repurchase program authorizing the repurchase of up to 50.0 million of our common stock. 
 In March 2022, we announced that our Jacksonville division received a follow on award from Sikorsky for the HH-60W Combat Rescue Helicopter ("CRH") cockpit. This award secures deliveries from 2022 through 2025. 
 In February 2022, Kamatics Corporation introduced new P-54 contoured, anti-wear components for the maintenance, repair, and overhaul ("MRO") of legacy helicopter gearboxes. 
 In February 2022, Kineco Kaman Composites India Private Limited, our joint venture with Goa-based Kineco Limited, delivered its 600th Mission Crew Workstation Console to BAE Systems USA, used in the Boeing P-8 Poseidon maritime patrol aircraft. 
 In February 2022, our FAA Part 145 Repair Station in Wichita, Kansas earned Federal Aviation Approval ("FAA") approval for two new composite repair capabilities. 
 In January 2022, we announced the expansion of our medical imaging program through a partnership with Mirion Technologies ("Mirion"). We supply surgical C-Arm tabletops to Mirion with deliveries that began in the second quarter of 2022. 
 33 

In January 2022, we announced that our Kamatics business will support the new James Webb Telescope with its KAron high technology, self-lubricating bearings. 
 
 Impacts from Current Economy 
 
 We are currently operating in a period of global economic uncertainty, which has been significantly impacted by geopolitical instability due to the ongoing military conflict between Ukraine and Russia, continuing U.S. sanctions on China's microchip manufacturing, the coronavirus ("COVID-19") pandemic, inflation and rising interest rates. U.S. and global markets are experiencing volatility and disruption following the escalation of geopolitical tensions, including the military conflict in Ukraine and the resulting sanctions imposed on Russia. Although the length and impact of the ongoing military conflict is highly unpredictable, the conflict in Ukraine could continue to disrupt markets, including significant volatility in credit and capital markets, increases in commodity prices, supply chain interruptions, as well as the potential for increased risk of cyber disruptions. We are continuing to monitor the situation in Ukraine, including its global effects, and assessing its impact on our business, including the timing of our sales as certain customers purchase safety stock for their own supply chains. Although our business has not been materially impacted by the ongoing military conflict in Ukraine as of the date of this filing, we have experienced higher utility costs at our Germany operations in light of the European Union s sanctions on Russia. It is impossible to predict the extent to which our operations, or those of our customers or suppliers, will be impacted, or the ways in which the conflict may impact our business, cash flows or results of operations. 
 
 We also continue to monitor the impact of COVID-19 on all aspects of our business and across the geographies in which we operate and serve customers, as well as the extent to which it has impacted and will continue to impact our customers, suppliers and other business partners. We are operating below pre-pandemic levels for certain commercial aerospace products. We are encouraged by the recoveries for these products and the strong order intake we saw in 2022; however, the developments related to COVID-19 variants make it difficult to predict the timing and magnitude of the recovery. 
 
 The U.S. economy is experiencing broad and rapid inflation and rising interest rates, as well as supply issues in material, services and labor due to economic policy, the pandemic and, more recently, the war in Ukraine. All of these forces have begun to impact our supply chain; we are seeing quality issues and defects, part shortages and increased lead times for certain parts. In addition to supply chain impacts, we will be impacted by higher interest expense given our outstanding borrowings under our revolving credit facility with a floating interest rate. These impacts are likely to persist through 2023 and beyond. To mitigate risks associated with the floating interest rate on our credit facility, we entered into interest rate swap agreements, effective January 1, 2023, for the purposes of hedging the eight quarterly variable-rate Credit Agreement interest payments due in 2023 and 2024. These swaps will provide a fixed interest rate on approximately 70 of the Company's total long-term debt. We cannot predict the impact on the Company s end markets or input costs nor the ability of the Company to recover cost increases through pricing. 

RESULTS FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONS 
 
 Refer to Item 7, Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, of the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 for a discussion of the change in results of continuing operations from the earliest year presented. 
 
 Net Sales from Continuing Operations 
 2022 2021 2020 In thousands Net sales 687,961 708,993 784,459 change (21,032) (75,466) 22,851 change (3.0) (9.6) 3.0 Acquisition sales 20,792 Organic sales 667,169 708,993 784,459 change (41,824) (75,466) change (5.9) (9.6) 
 
 34 

Net sales for 2022 decreased when compared to 2021, primarily due to a 5.9 decrease in organic sales, partially offset by 20.8 million in sales from our newly-acquired Aircraft Wheel and Brake division. The decrease in organic sales was attributable to 71.3 million in lower sales in our Precision Products segment and 9.3 million in lower sales at our Structures segment, partially offset by an increase in organic sales of 38.8 million at our Engineered Products segment. Foreign currency exchange rates relative to the U.S. dollar had an unfavorable impact of 13.9 million on net sales. See Segment Results of Operations and Financial Condition below for further discussion of segment net sales. 
 
 The table below summarizes the changes in organic net sales by product line for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the corresponding period in 2021. 
 
 Product Line Increase (Decrease) (in millions) Defense (29.9) (17.7) Safe and Arm Devices (65.9) (34.4) Commercial, Business and General Aviation 44.4 24.0 Medical 7.8 9.0 Industrial 1.8 2.3 
 
 Gross Profit from Continuing Operations 
 2022 2021 2020 In thousands Gross profit 178,949 236,618 245,582 change (57,669) (8,964) 4,777 change (24.4) (3.7) 2.0 of net sales 26.0 33.4 31.3 
 
 Gross profit for 2022 decreased when compared to 2021, primarily attributable to the 44.5 million write-off of inventory related to the K-MAX program. In December 2022, we began a review of all businesses and programs to increase efficiencies, improve working capital management and focus on sustainable and consistent revenue and profit generating activities. As a result of this review, we determined that we will discontinue the production of the K-MAX medium-to-heavy lift helicopter and K-MAX TITAN unmanned aerial system in 2023. The Company will continue to support the existing K-MAX fleet in operation, including providing operators with repair, spare parts and fleet services, as well as training. We recognized a 44.5 million impairment of K-MAX inventory in the year ended December 31, 2022 recorded to program inventory impairment on the Company's Consolidated Statement of Operations. The amount written off was comprised of a lower of cost or net realizable value write down on three unsold aircraft and unusable inventory. Unusable inventory includes long lead parts made specifically for the production of the K-MAX for which there are no alternative uses and spare parts and blades that were in excess of the amounts needed to support the existing fleet. Refer to Note 10, Inventories , for further information regarding the K-MAX program write-offs. 
 
 Additionally contributing to the decrease in gross profit was lower sales and associated gross profit on the JPF program and our defense bearings products. These decreases in gross profit, totaling 39.4 million, were partially offset by higher sales and associated gross profit on our commercial bearings and the addition of gross profit from our newly-acquired Aircraft Wheel and Brake division. 
 
 Gross profit as a percentage of sales for 2022 decreased when compared to 2021, primarily attributable to the 44.5 million write-off of inventory related to the K-MAX program discussed above, the mix of JPF sales in the current year, cost growth on certain structures programs and the 3.1 million inventory step-up associated with the acquisition of Aircraft Wheel and Brake. These changes were partially offset by improved performance on certain composite programs and the addition of gross profit associated with programs at Aircraft Wheel and Brake. 

35 

Selling, General Administrative Expenses (S,G A) from Continuing Operations 
 2022 2021 2020 In thousands S,G A 166,447 152,474 169,485 change 13,973 (17,011) 8,717 change 9.2 (10.0) 5.4 of net sales 24.2 21.5 21.6 
 
 The increase in S,G A expenses for 2022 as compared to 2021 was primarily due to 13.2 million in higher acquisition and integration costs mostly attributable to the acquisition of Aircraft Wheel and Brake in the current period and incremental Aircraft Wheel and Brake S,G A that will be included in our results going forward. Additionally, we experienced higher travel expenses as restrictions imposed to limit the spread of COVID-19 are lifting. These increases were partially offset by a decrease in compensation, attributable to lower incentive compensation and the realization of benefits from our cost reduction efforts in the prior year. 
 
 Costs from Transition Services Agreement 
 2022 2021 2020 In thousands Costs from transition services agreement 1,728 12,515 
 
 Upon closing the sale of the Distribution business, the Company entered into a transition services agreement ("TSA") with the buyer, pursuant to which the Company agreed to support the information technology, human resources and benefits, tax and treasury functions of the Distribution business for six to twelve months. The buyer had the option to extend the support period for up to an additional year for certain services. The buyer exercised the option to extend the support period for up to a maximum of an additional year for certain information technology services. The buyer had the right to terminate individual services at any point over the renewal term and began to terminate certain services during the third quarter of 2020. During the third quarter of 2021, the TSA expired and all services were completed as of the end of the period. As such, there were no costs incurred associated with TSA and no income earned from the TSA in the year ending December 31, 2022. The Company incurred 1.7 million and 12.5 million in costs associated with the TSA in the years ending December 31, 2021, and 2020, respectively. These costs were partially offset by 0.9 million and 8.4 million in income earned from the TSA included in income from transition services agreement, which is below operating income on the Company's Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 
 Cost of Acquired Retention Plans 
 2022 2021 2020 In thousands Costs of acquired retention plans 22,814 
 
 In the year ended December 31, 2020, we incurred 22.8 million in compensation expense associated with employee retention plans implemented by Bal Seal's previous owner. Refer to Item 7, Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, of the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020 for further information on the retention plans. 
 
 Goodwill and Other Intangibles Impairment 
 2022 2021 2020 In thousands Goodwill and other intangibles impairment 25,306 50,307 
 
 In December 2022, the Company announced it will consolidate the production of JPF fuzes to its Middletown facility resulting in the closure of the Orlando facility in 2024 due to reduced demand as the JPF program continues to move through its life cycle. The Company considered the reduction in demand, as well as the updated forecasts for the reporting unit, which indicated the forecasted cash flows for the KPP-Orlando reporting unit were lower than amounts previously forecasted. The evaluation resulted in a goodwill impairment charge of 25.3 million in the year ended December 31, 2022. See Note 12, Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets, Net , for further information on the goodwill impairment charges above. 
 36 

Impairment of Assets Held for Sale 
 2022 2021 2020 In thousands Impairment of assets held for sale 36,285 
 
 In 2020, we recorded 36.3 million impairment on assets held for sale associated with our former UK Composites business. Refer to Note 2, Disposals , for further information on the charge. 
 
 Program Contract Costs Impairment 
 
 2022 2021 2020 In thousands Program contract costs impairment 9,135 
 
 In December 2022, we began a review of all businesses and programs to increase efficiencies, improve working capital management and focus on sustainable and consistent revenue and profit generating activities. As discussed above, as a result of this review, we determined that we will discontinue the production of the K-MAX medium-to-heavy lift helicopters and K-MAX TITAN unmanned aerial system in 2023. In the year ended December 31, 2022 we wrote off 9.1 million of contract costs associated with the K-MAX TITAN unmanned aerial system. 
 
 Restructuring and Severance Costs 
 
 2022 2021 2020 In thousands Restructuring and severance costs 9,842 6,154 8,359 
 
 Fourth Quarter of 2022 - Transformation Initiatives 
 
 In December 2022, the Company began a review of all businesses and programs to increase efficiencies, improve working capital management and focus on sustainable and consistent revenue and profit generating activities. As a result of this review, the Company identified areas to reduce annualized costs through streamlining processes, consolidating the production of fuzes for the JPF program at its Middletown facility, discontinuing K-MAX helicopter production and right-sizing the Company's total cost structure. During the fourth quarter of 2022, the Company recognized 6.6 million in severance costs associated with these actions, which we anticipate will generate approximately 25.0 million in total annualized costs savings by 2024. 
 
 Other Severance and Cost Reduction Initiatives 
 
 The Company continues to evaluate its cost structure with the objective of a lean organizational structure that improves operational efficiency and provides a scalable infrastructure which facilitates future growth opportunities. The Company has identified workforce reductions and other reductions in certain general and administrative expenses to support the cost savings initiative. In the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, the Company incurred 3.2 million, 6.2 million, and 4.0 million, respectively for these actions. Actions taken throughout 2021 and 2022 have started to generate savings, with anticipated total annualized cost savings of approximately 12.0 million being realized by 2024. 
 
 The restructure and severance costs above were included in restructuring and severance costs on the Company's Consolidated Statements of Operations and other unallocated expenses, net within Note 4, Segment and Geographic Information . 
 
 (Gain) Loss on Sale of Business 
 
 2022 2021 2020 In thousands (Gain) loss on sale of business (457) 234 (493) 
 
 In the third quarter of 2022, we sold certain assets and liabilities of our Mexico operations. In the year ended December 31, 2022, we recorded a gain of 0.5 million associated with the sale. 
 37 

In the fourth quarter of 2020, we committed to a plan and received approval from our Board of Directors to sell our UK Composites division. At December 31, 2020, the assets of the UK Composites business were considered impaired as the estimated fair value of the disposal group was lower than the estimated carrying value of the UK Composites business resulting in a 36.3 million impairment charge recorded to impairment on assets held for sale on the Company's Consolidated Statements of Operations in the year ended December 31, 2020. In the year ended December 31, 2021, we recorded an additional loss of 0.2 million recorded to (gain) loss on sales of business when the sale was finalized. 
 
 Operating (Loss) Income from Continuing Operations 2022 2021 2020 In thousands Operating (loss) income (66,343) 49,496 (84,311) change (115,839) 133,807 (137,722) change (234.0) 158.7 (257.9) of net sales (9.6) 7.0 (10.7) 
 
 We had an operating loss of 66.3 million in 2022, compared to operating income of 49.5 million in 2021. This change was primarily attributable to the 25.3 million goodwill impairment charge and the 53.7 million write-off of inventory and contract assets associated with the K-MAX program discussed above. Additionally contributing to the operating loss in the current year were increases of 3.7 million in restructuring and severance costs, 13.2 million in higher costs associated with corporate development activities mostly due to the acquisition of Aircraft Wheel and Brake and lower operating income at the Precision Products and Structures segments. These changes were partially offset by higher operating income at the Engineered Products segment. See Segment Results of Operations and Financial Condition below for further discussion of segment operating income. 
 
 Interest Expense, Net 2022 2021 2020 In thousands Interest expense, net 16,874 16,290 19,270 
 
 Interest expense, net generally consists of interest charged on our Credit Agreement, which includes a revolving credit facility, our convertible notes and the amortization of debt issuance costs, offset by interest income. Interest expense, net for 2022 increased compared to 2021, primarily due to interest expense on our revolving credit agreement as a result of higher borrowings, partially offset by 3.0 million in lower interest on our convertible notes, which was result of the adoption of Accounting Standard Update ("ASU") 2020-06 on January 1, 2022 and lower interest expense associated with our deferred compensation plan. Refer to Note 1, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies , for further information on the adoption of ASU 2020-06. 
 
 Effective Income Tax Rate from Continuing Operations 
 2022 2021 2020 Effective income tax rate 26.6 27.8 9.9 
 
 The effective tax rate represents the combined federal, state and foreign tax effects attributable to pretax earnings for the year. See Note 16, Income Taxes , in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Form 10-K for further details. 
 
 Other Matters 
 
 Information regarding our various environmental remediation activities and associated accruals can be found in Note 19, Commitments and Contingencies , and Note 13, Environmental Costs , in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Form 10-K. 

38 

SEGMENT RESULTS OF OPERATIONS AND FINANCIAL CONDITION 
 
 Engineered Products Segment 
 
 Our Strategy 
 
 Our Engineered Products strategy is to differentiate ourselves with innovative solutions that drive organic growth and solve our customers problems while focusing on a best in class operations excellence model. Our strong and diversified portfolio of businesses and products allow us to leverage our broad capabilities across multiple industries, including aerospace and defense, medical and industrial. We will leverage our experience and expertise in material science and application engineering to design and develop bearings, seals, springs, contacts, wheels and brakes in partnership with our customers and push the boundaries of what is possible. 
 
 Results of Operations 
 
 The following table presents selected financial data for our Engineered Products segment: 
 2022 2021 2020 In thousands Net sales 377,241 317,683 315,063 change 59,558 2,620 44,728 change 18.7 0.8 16.5 Operating income 57,833 43,097 33,561 change 14,736 9,536 (30,634) change 34.2 28.4 (47.7) of net sales 15.3 13.6 10.7 
 
 Net sales 
 
 2022 versus 2021 
 
 Net sales for 2022 increased compared to 2021, primarily driven by higher sales volume of our commercial bearings products, aftermarket parts and springs, seals and contacts, as well as 20.8 million in revenue from our newly-acquired Aircraft Wheel and Brake division. These increases, totaling 64.0 million, were partially offset by lower sales volume of our defense bearings products. For the year ended December 31, 2022, foreign currency exchange rates relative to the U.S. dollar had an unfavorable impact of 13.9 million on net sales. 
 
 Operating Income 
 
 2022 versus 2021 
 
 Operating income for 2022 increased when compared to 2021, primarily due to higher sales and associated gross profit on our commercial bearings products, seals, springs and contacts used in medical implantables, and aftermarket parts and the contribution of sales and associated gross profit from the Aircraft Wheel and Brake division acquired in the current period. These increases in gross profit of 35.3 million were partially offset by lower sales volume and associated gross profit on our defense and medical bearings products and incremental expenses from our Aircraft Wheel and Brake acquisition, including a 3.1 million inventory-step up and 5.6 million in amortization expense on our acquired intangible assets. 
 
 Major Programs/Product Lines 
 
 Defense Bearings 
 
 Our bearings products are included on numerous military platforms manufactured in North America, South America, Asia and Europe. These products are used as original equipment and/or specified as replacement parts by the manufacturers. The most significant portion of our military bearings sales is derived from U.S. military platforms, such as the AH-64 helicopter, Virginia Class submarine and Joint Strike Fighter aircraft, and sales in Europe for the Typhoon program. These products are primarily 
 39 

proprietary self-lubricating, ball and roller bearings for aircraft flight controls, turbine engines and landing gear, and helicopter driveline couplings. 
 
 Commercial Bearings 
 
 Our bearings products are included on commercial airliners and regional/business jets manufactured in North and South America, Europe and Asia and are used as original equipment and/or specified as replacement parts by airlines and aircraft manufacturers. These products are primarily proprietary self-lubricating, ball and roller bearings for aircraft flight controls, turbine engines, landing gear and helicopter driveline couplings. The most significant portion of our commercial sales is derived from Boeing, Airbus and Bombardier platforms, such as the Boeing 737, 747, 777 and 787, the Airbus A320, A330, A350 and A380, and the Bombardier Global 7500. Our commercial bearings products were particularly impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic. We expect recovery in sales related to single-aisle aircraft to continue over the next two years, while the recovery for sales related to twin-aisle aircraft to be more gradual over the next decade. 
 In the first quarter of 2019, the Federal Aviation Administration ("FAA") issued an order to suspend all 737 MAX aircraft in the U.S. and by U.S. aircraft operators following two fatal 737 MAX accidents. Boeing suspended deliveries until the FAA and other civil aviation authorities worldwide granted the clearance to return the aircraft to service. In November 2020, the FAA lifted the orders to suspend operations of the Boeing 737 MAX and in early 2021, airlines around the globe began to clear the Boeing 737 MAX for flight. While production rates increased in 2022 and are expected to continue to increase in 2023, there can be no assurance that the production rate will return to the production rate prior to the grounding of the 737 MAX fleet. In the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, we recognized 11.7 million , 4.0 million and 5.6 million, respectively, in revenue associated with the sale of our products that are utilized on the 737 MAX aircraft fleet. 
 
 Aerospace and Defense Springs, Seals and Contacts 
 
 Our precision springs, seals and contacts are used in the aerospace and defense end market to protect critical equipment from potential failure and maintain pressure while excluding debris and moisture. These products provide mechanical latching and electrical conductivity and are also used to shield sensitive electronics used in defense aircraft. 
 
 Medical Products 
 
 Our super precision miniature ball bearings and precision springs, seals and contacts are utilized in the medical technology end market. These products improve the performance and reliability of components in high cost of failure environments, such as powered surgical tools, orthopedic implants, dental products, pumps, monitors, analytic devices, active implantables and other critical medical equipment. 
 
 Industrial Products 
 
 Our bearings and precision seals, springs and contacts are used in the industrial end market. Our technology differentiation provides a high power draw and is utilized in applications requiring high performance including radar systems, fuel pumps, hydraulics, navigation systems, motors and robotics. 
 
 Wheels and Brakes 
 
 We manufacture wheels, brakes and related hydraulic components for helicopters, fixed-wing and UAV aircraft. These products support over 100 platforms, including original equipment manufacturers and aftermarket suppliers. Our worldwide distribution network allows for quick parts availability. 
 
 Other 
 
 In 2021, we opened a new production cell for products manufactured using our proprietary Titanium Diffusion Hardening ("TDH") process, which provides the lightweight and high strength benefits of titanium alloys while improving surface hardness, durability and wear characteristics. The TDH process was utilized in a successful human space travel mission and we received an initial order from a leading electric vertical takeoff and landing ("eVTOL") manufacturer for components manufactured using our TDH process in 2021. In 2022, we saw further application of this process within the aerospace and defense markets as well as increasing acceptance for products related to military structural components and medical end-use applications. We are currently engaged with multiple large medical device companies in validation test efforts, working toward authorization for use in total joint replacement and fixation components. 
 
 40 

Precision Products Segment 
 
 Our Strategy 
 
 The Precision Products strategy is to focus on solving tomorrow s problems through innovation and technology by empowering the strengths of our employees, partners and suppliers. We serve both commercial and defense customers by customizing solutions and technologies for their specific needs. Our strategy is focused on growing an ecosystem of products, ranging from safe and arming solutions for missile and bomb systems to uncrewed, autonomous aircraft, enhancing our customers' ability to execute missions flawlessly. We pursue operational excellence through the continuous training of our employees and successful integration of new talent. We will grow our product offerings by investing in new technologies and identifying new market opportunities. 
 
 Results of Operations 
 
 The following table presents selected financial data for our Precision Products segment: 
 2022 2021 2020 In thousands Net sales 185,023 256,329 302,509 change (71,306) (46,180) (4,803) change (27.8) (15.3) (1.6) Operating income 17,705 55,366 74,033 change (37,661) (18,667) 14,460 change (68.0) (25.2) 24.3 of net sales 9.6 21.6 24.5 
 
 Net sales 
 
 2022 versus 2021 
 
 Net sales for 2022 decreased when compared to 2021, primarily due to lower sales on the JPF program, certain legacy fuzing programs and the SH-2G program for New Zealand. These decreases, totaling 73.0 million, were partially offset by higher sales on the AMRAAM fuzing program. 
 
 Operating Income 
 
 2022 versus 2021 
 
 Operating income for 2022 decreased when compared to 2021, primarily attributable to 35.9 million in lower gross profit, driven by lower sales and gross profit on the JPF program. Additionally contributing to the decrease were higher research and development costs for the KARGO UAV unmanned aerial system. 
 
 Major Programs/Product Lines 
 
 FMU-152 A/B JPF 
 
 We manufacture and produce the FMU 152 A/B (the "JPF"), an electro-mechanical bomb safe and arming device, which allows the settings of a weapon to be programmed in flight. Sales of these fuzes can be direct to the USG, Foreign Military Sales ("FMS") through the USG and Direct Commercial Sales DCS to foreign militaries that, although not funded by or sold through the USG, require regulatory approvals from the USG. 
 
 A total of 21,359 fuzes were delivered to our customers during 2022. We expect to deliver 9,000 to 12,000 fuzes in 2023. Total JPF backlog at December 31, 2022 was 20.0 million, down from 103.4 million at December 31, 2021. We expect to recognize the majority of this backlog within the first half of 2023. 
 
 41 

Our JPF program continues to move through its product lifecycle, reflecting the previously announced decision of the United States Air Force ("USAF") to move from the JPF to the FMU-139 D/B (which we do not manufacture or produce) as its primary fuze system. We are currently working to complete Option 16 of our JPF contract with the USG. Like the option before it, Option 16 relates solely to the procurement of fuzes by or in support of foreign militaries and does not include any sales to the USAF. We do not expect to receive any additional orders from the USG, either as direct sales to the USG or indirect sales to foreign militaries through the USG. Therefore, the future viability of our JPF program will depend entirely on our ability to market and sell the JPF to foreign militaries in DCS transactions. We are currently in discussions with two Middle Eastern customers for one or more follow-on orders aggregating a minimum of 45.0 million that would further extend the life of the program, but there can be no assurance as to the receipt, magnitude and timing of these orders. Moreover, any such orders, if received, would be subject to the receipt of all necessary export approvals, licenses and other authorizations needed to effectuate the sales, which are subject to political and geopolitical conditions beyond our control. 
 
 In the fourth quarter of 2022, as a result of the inability to successfully market and sell the JPF to foreign militaries in DCS transactions in a timely manner at prices and in quantities that would continue to support production at current levels, we announced a restructuring plan that will lead to the permanent closure of our Orlando, Florida manufacturing facility by the end of 2024. The Company expects to consolidate JPF production in its Middletown, Connecticut, facility during the first half of 2023 as the facility has the potential capacity to deliver against future DCS orders. 
 
 K-MAX 
 
 We manufactured the commercial K-MAX aircraft at our Jacksonville, Florida and Bloomfield, Connecticut facilities. Additionally, in 2019, we began developing the next generation TITAN UAV unmanned aerial system to allow operators to have the capability to fly either manned or unmanned missions. In December 2022, we began a review of all businesses and programs to increase efficiencies, improve working capital management and focus on sustainable and consistent revenue and profit generating activities. As a result of this review, we determined that we will discontinue the production of the K-MAX medium-to-heavy lift helicopters and TITAN UAV unmanned aerial system in 2023 due to low demand and variation in annual deliveries, coupled with low profitability and large working capital inventory requirements. In the year ended December 31, 2022, we wrote off 44.5 million of inventory and 9.1 million of contract costs associated with these programs. These costs were included in program inventory impairment and program contract costs impairment, respectively, on the Company's Consolidated Statements of Operations and other unallocated expenses, net within Note 4, Segment and Geographic Information. Refer to Note 10, Inventories , and Note 7, Contract Assets, Contract Costs and Contract Liabilities , for further information on the write-off associated with these programs. The Company will continue to support the existing K-MAX fleet in operation, including providing operators with repair, spare parts and fleet services, as well as training. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, our backlog for the K-MAX program was 0.5 million and 13.8 million, respectively. 
 
 KARGO 
 
 In 2021, we unveiled the KARGO UAV unmanned aerial system, a compact purpose-built, autonomous aircraft designed to provide cost-effective cargo hauling up to 800 pounds. The KARGO UAV provides multiple payload options with a conformal 
 supply pod and external sling load. This autonomous, unmanned aircraft system will provide expeditionary logistics support to our military and commercial customers. Additionally in 2021, we completed a successful demonstration of our half scale model. In 2022, we continued to expand on our KARGO UAV unmanned aerial system and we were down-selected to build a prototype system for the U.S. Marines to support the Medium Unmanned Logistics System Air ("MULS-A") program. We are currently in development of the full scale model and we made significant progress during the year with successful testing of the drive train systems and the autonomy systems. A demo of the full scale model is expected in the first half of 2023. 
 
 Missile Fuzing 
 
 We manufacture missile fuzing systems utilized in safe and arm devices. Our fuzes are qualified for use in missile systems used by the U.S. Armed Forces, and can be found on numerous platforms, including AMRAAM , ATacMS , Harpoon, JASSM , MK-54, SLAM-ER and Tomahawk. 
 
 Structures Segment 
 
 Our Strategy 
 
 The Structures strategy is focused on delivering complex metallic and composites structural components and systems to a broad range of customers in the commercial aerospace, defense and medical end markets both for OEM and aftermarket. We seek to partner with customers and become an extension of their manufacturing process, providing our ability to strategically source, 
 42 

manufacture, assemble and deliver products to the strict tolerance required by our industries and to the high quality expected by our customers. Looking ahead, we are focused on adding new programs from customers that value our experience and expertise in structural manufacturing, while broadening our end market exposure to emerging growth areas, such as space, eVTOL and cargo UAS. 
 
 Results of Operations 
 
 The following table presents selected financial data for our Structures segment: 
 2022 2021 2020 In thousands Net sales 125,697 134,981 166,887 change (9,284) (31,906) (17,074) change (6.9) (19.1) (9.3) Operating loss (3,000) (340) (8,858) change (2,660) 8,518 (10,052) change (782.4) 96.2 (841.9) of net sales (2.4) (0.3) (5.3) 
 
 Net sales 
 
 2022 versus 2021 
 
 Net sales decreased for 2022 when compared to 2021, primarily due to the wind down of the AH-1Z program and lower sales on our Bell Helicopter program, our Sikorsky UH-60 BLACK HAWK program, our A-10 program and certain composite programs. These decreases, totaling 24.6 million, were partially offset by higher sales on our programs with Rolls Royce and the Sikorsky Combat Rescue Helicopter program. 
 
 Operating Loss 
 
 2022 versus 2021 
 
 Operating loss increased for 2022 compared to 2021, primarily due to the wind down of the AH-1Z program and lower sales and associated gross profit on the A-10 program and our Sikorsky UH-60 BLACK HAWK program. These decreases in gross profit of 7.2 million were partially offset by higher sales and gross profit on our programs with Rolls Royce and the Sikorsky Combat Rescue Helicopter program. 
 
 Major Programs/Product Lines 
 
 A-10 
 
 In 2019, the USAF awarded Boeing a contract to provide up to 112 new wing assemblies and up to 15 wing kits through 2030 and we announced that we had been awarded a contract by Boeing to manufacture wing control surfaces and structural assemblies in support of the USAF's A-10 Thunderbolt Advanced Wing Continuation Kitting ("ATTACK") program. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, our program backlog was 16.8 million and 23.3 million, respectively. 
 
 BLACK HAWK 
 
 The Sikorsky BLACK HAWK helicopter cockpit program involves the manufacture of cockpits, including the installation of all wiring harnesses, hydraulic assemblies, control pedals and sticks, seat tracks, pneumatic lines and the composite structure that holds the windscreen for most models of the BLACK HAWK helicopter. We delivered 45 cockpits in 2022 as compared to the 65 cockpits delivered in 2021. In December 2021, we entered into a follow-on multi-year contract with Sikorsky to manufacture UH-60 BLACK HAWK cockpits for both the M and the Med models. The term of the agreement is five years, beginning in 2023 and ending in 2027. Beyond this latest procurement contract, we have limited multi-year visibility with regard to future orders from the USG. Included in backlog at December 31, 2022 and 2021, was 95.9 million and 202.0 million, respectively, for orders on this program. We anticipate cockpit deliveries to total 31 in 2023. 
 43 

777 / 767 
 
 In 2019, we signed a multi-year follow-on contract with Boeing for the production of fixed trailing edge ("FTE") assemblies for the Boeing 777 and 767 commercial aircraft. Annual quantities will vary, as they are dependent upon the orders Boeing receives from its customers. To date, Kaman has provided approximately 1,545 FTE kits and assemblies for each of the 777 and 767 programs since 1995 and 1986, respectively. During 2022, on average, we delivered two shipsets per month on the Boeing 777 platform and two and one-half shipsets per month on the Boeing 767 platform, which includes one shipset per month associated with a military tanker derivative of the 767. For 2023, we estimate deliveries on the 777 program to be two and one-half shipsets per month and on the 767 program to be three shipsets per month which includes one shipset per month associated with a military tanker derivative of the 767. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, our backlog for these programs was 41.1 million and 34.1 million, respectively. 
 
 On February 21, 2021, Boeing recommended grounding active Boeing 777 aircraft equipped with a particular engine model following an engine failure. In December 2021, the FAA proposed a change to the engines. Following the modifications to the engine, the FAA cleared the aircraft to return to service in May 2022. In the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, revenue associated with the Boeing 777 aircraft was approximately 1 of total sales in both periods. 
 
 Composite Platforms 
 
 We manufacture composite structures products, which are utilized in the commercial, defense and medical imaging platforms. Our composite offerings are included on programs with major manufacturers including Bell, Boeing, Cessna, Sikorsky and Rolls Royce, among others. 
 
 For a discussion of other matters, see Note 19, Commitments and Contingencies , in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Form 10-K. 
 
 Backlog 
 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 December 31, 2020 In thousands Engineered Products 322,452 169,144 134,257 Precision Products 134,903 180,082 293,261 Structures 263,581 351,697 203,718 Total Backlog 720,936 700,923 631,236 
 
 Backlog increased from 2021 to 2022, primarily driven by the addition of 51.1 million of backlog associated with our Aircraft Wheel and Brake acquisition and new orders for our bearings products, our seals, springs and contacts, and our SLAM-ER fuzing program. These increases were partially offset by revenue recognized on the JPF program, the modification of a Sikorsky BLACK HAWK contract that reduced the firm quantities associated with the program and deliveries of our bearings products and springs, seals and contacts. 

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
 
 Discussion and Analysis of Cash Flows 
 
 We assess liquidity in terms of our ability to generate cash to fund working capital requirements and investing and financing activities. Significant factors affecting liquidity include: cash flows generated from or used by operating activities, capital expenditures, investments in our business and its programs, acquisitions, divestitures, dividends, availability of future credit, adequacy of available bank lines of credit and factors that might otherwise affect the Company's business and operations generally, as described under the heading Risk Factors and Forward-Looking Statements in Item 1A of Part I of this Form 10-K. 

44 

A summary of our consolidated cash flows from continuing operations is as follows: 
 
 2022 2021 2020 22 vs. 21 21 vs. 20 (in thousands) Total cash provided by (used in): Operating activities 20,969 48,698 16,469 (27,729) 32,229 Investing activities (473,051) (21,112) (318,722) (451,939) 297,610 Financing activities 335,923 (22,233) (33,535) 358,156 11,302 Free Cash Flow (1) : 
 Net cash provided by operating activities 20,969 48,698 16,469 (27,729) 32,229 Expenditures for property, plant and equipment (23,689) (17,530) (17,783) (6,159) 253 Free cash flow (2,720) 31,168 (1,314) (33,888) 32,482 
 (1) Free Cash Flow, a non-GAAP financial measure, is defined as net cash provided by operating activities less expenditures for property plant and equipment, both of which are presented in our Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. See Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations-Non-GAAP Financial Measures, in this Form 10-K. 
 
 Net cash provided by operating activities was 21.0 million in 2022, 27.7 million less than cash provided in 2021, largely driven by the timing of collection of payments on the JPF program, partially offset by the absence of approximately 25.1 million in nonrecurring payments to eligible participants of Bal Seal's employee retention plans, a 10.0 million pension contribution paid in the prior year and the timing of accounts payable. 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities was 473.1 million in 2022, 451.9 million more than cash used in 2021. This change was primarily attributable to our purchase of Aircraft Wheel and Brake and our investment in Near Earth Autonomy in the current period. 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities was 335.9 million, compared to net cash used in financing activities of 22.2 million in the prior year, primarily due to borrowings under our credit agreement for the acquisition of Aircraft Wheel and Brake in the current period. Refer to Note 14, Debt , for further information on our credit agreement. 
 
 Refer to Item 7, Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, of the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 for a discussion of the change in cash flows from the earliest year presented. 
 
 Material Cash Commitments 
 
 The Company considers its material contractual obligations when assessing its liquidity. 
 
 Debt and Related Interest Payments 
 
 We rely on debt financing as a source of liquidity for our business activities, including both convertible notes and our revolving credit facility. Under the convertible notes, 199.5 million of principal liability is due in 2024. At December 31, 2022, 363.0 million was outstanding under the revolving credit agreement, which is due in 2024. The Company is contractually obligated to make interest payments on our debt and is required to pay a quarterly commitment fee on the unused revolving loan commitment amount. The total estimated interest payments over the life of our debt instruments is 126.8 million as of December 31, 2022. Of this amount, 29.2 million is estimated be paid within one year. Interest payments on debt are calculated based on the applicable rate and payment dates for each instrument. For variable-rate instruments, interest rates and payment dates are based on management s estimate of the most likely scenarios for each relevant debt instrument. We may be impacted by expected increases in interest rates on the amounts outstanding under the revolving credit agreement; however, to mitigate this risk, we entered into interest rate swap agreements, effective January 1, 2023, for the purposes of hedging the eight quarterly variable-rate Credit Agreement interest payments due in 2023 and 2024. For further information on debt and the related interest payments, refer to Financing Arrangement discussed below and Note 14, Debt , in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Form 10-K. 

45 

Leasing 
 
 Future rental payments for operating and financing leases total 8.3 million and 3.9 million, respectively, as of December 31, 2022. For further information on leasing obligations, including the timing of these payments, refer to Note 20, Leases , in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Form 10-K. 
 
 Purchase Obligations 
 
 The Company has entered into purchase commitments with suppliers for materials and supplies as part of the ordinary course of business, consulting arrangements and support services. Obligations of at least 50,000 total 321.7 million as of December 31, 2022, of which 287.2 million will be paid within one year. 
 
 Other 
 
 Our other long-term obligations, which include obligations under the Company's long-term incentive plan, deferred compensation plan, environmental liabilities, and unrecognized tax benefits, total 29.3 million at December 31, 2022, of which 3.2 million will be paid within one year. For further information on these obligations refer to Note 13, Environmental Costs ; Note 16, Income Taxes ; Note 18, Other Long-Term Liabilities ; and Note 19, Commitments and Contingencies , in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Form 10-K. 
 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 
 During 2020, the Company and the USG entered into a Guaranty Agreement, pursuant to which the Company agreed to guarantee the full, complete and satisfactory performance of its subsidiary, Kaman Precision Products, Inc. ("KPPI") under all current and future contracts with the USG. As of the date of this filing, the only contract in place between KPPI and the USG relates to the production and sale of the JPF. KPPI is currently fulfilling the requirements of Option 16. The guarantee was provided in lieu of a periodic financial capability review by the Financial Capacity Team ("FCT") of the Defense Contract Management Agency ("DCMA"). The Company is unable to estimate the maximum potential amount of future payments under the guarantee as it is dependent on costs incurred by the USG in the event of default. Although the Company believes the risk of default is low given the maturity and operational performance of the JPF program, there can be no assurance that the guarantee will not have a material adverse effect on the Company's results of operations, financial position and cash flows. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had no significant off-balance sheet arrangements other than purchase obligations, the guarantee discussed above and 51.6 million of outstanding standby letters of credit, all of which were under the revolving credit facility. Of this amount, 46.1 million letters of credit relate to a JPF DCS contract. 
 
 In addition to the impacts of COVID-19, our working capital requirements and the material cash commitments discussed above, one or more of the following items could have an impact on our liquidity during the next 12 months: 
 
 the matters described in Note 19, Commitments and Contingencies , in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, including the cost of existing environmental remediation matters discussed in Note 13, Environmental Costs ; 
 contributions to our qualified pension plan and Supplemental Employees Retirement Plan SERP 
 deferred compensation payments to officers; 
 restructuring costs and severance payments; 
 income tax payments; 
 costs associated with acquisitions and corporate development activities; 
 capital expenditures; 
 research and development expenditures; 
 repurchase of common stock under share repurchase programs; 
 payment of dividends; 
 costs associated with the start-up of new programs; and 
 the timing of payments and extension of payment terms by our customers. 
 
 Financing Arrangements 
 
 We continue to rely upon bank financing as an important source of liquidity for our business activities including acquisitions. We believe this, when combined with cash generated from operating activities, will be sufficient to support our anticipated cash requirements for the foreseeable future. However, we may decide to raise additional debt or equity capital to support other 
 46 

business activities including potential future acquisitions. We regularly monitor credit market conditions to identify potential issues that may adversely affect, or provide opportunities for, the securing and/or pricing of additional financing, if any, that may be necessary to continue with our growth strategy and finance working capital requirements. Refer to Note 14, Debt , in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements, included in Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, of this Form 10-K for further information on our Financing Arrangements. 
 
 Convertible Notes 
 
 2024 Notes 
 
 During May 2017, we issued 200.0 million aggregate principal amount of convertible senior unsecured notes due May 2024 (the "2024 Notes") pursuant to an indenture (the "Indenture"), dated May 12, 2017, between the Company and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee. In connection therewith, we entered into certain capped call transactions that cover, collectively, the number of shares of the Company's common stock underlying the 2024 Notes. The 2024 Notes bear 3.25 interest per annum on the principal amount, payable semiannually in arrears on May 1 and November 1 of each year, beginning on November 1, 2017. The 2024 Notes will mature on May 1, 2024, unless earlier repurchased by the Company or converted. We will settle any conversions of the 2024 Notes in cash, shares of the Company's common stock or a combination of cash and shares of common stock, at the Company's election. 
 
 The sale of the Distribution business in the third quarter of 2019 was deemed to be a "Fundamental Change" and a "Make-Whole Fundamental Change" pursuant to the terms and conditions of the indenture governing the 2024 Notes. As a result, the sale triggered the right of the holders of our 2024 Notes to require us to repurchase all of the 2024 Notes, or any portion thereof that is a multiple of 1,000 principal amount on September 27, 2019. The aggregate principal amount of the 2024 Notes validly tendered and not validly withdrawn was 0.5 million, representing 0.25 of all outstanding notes. Holders of such notes receive the purchase price equal to 100 of the principal amount of the 2024 Notes being purchased, plus accrued and unpaid interest. 
 
 The Company incurred 7.4 million of debt issuance costs in connection with the sale of the 2024 Notes, which was allocated between the debt and equity components of the instrument. Of the total amount, 0.7 million was recorded as an offset to additional paid-in capital. The balance, 6.7 million, was recorded as a contra-debt balance and is being amortized over the term of the 2024 Notes. As a result of the adoption of ASU 2020-06, the amount recorded to additional paid-in capital was reclassified to retained earnings in the cumulative effect adjustment recorded on January 1, 2022. The remaining balance of debt issuance costs is being amortized over the term of the convertible notes. Total amortization expense for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was 1.0 million, 1.1 million and 0.9 million, respectively. 
 
 The following table illustrates the dilutive effect of securities issued under the 2024 Notes at various theoretical average share prices for our stock as of December 31, 2022: Theoretical Average Share Price of Kaman Stock 65.26 70.00 75.00 80.00 84.84 Dilutive Shares associated with: Convertible Debt 206,879 396,879 563,129 705,394 
 
 Credit Agreement 
 
 On December 13, 2019, the Company closed an amended and restated 800.0 million Credit Agreement (the "Credit Agreement") with JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent and as Collateral Agent. The Credit Agreement amends and restates the Company's previously existing credit facility in its entirety to, among other things: (i) extend the maturity date to December 13, 2024; (ii) increase the aggregate amount of revolving commitments from 600.0 million to 800.0 million; (iii) remove the existing term loan credit facility; (iv) modify the affirmative and negative covenants set forth in the facility; and (v) effectuate a number of additional modifications to the terms and provision of the facility, including its pricing. Capitalized terms used but not defined within this discussion of the Credit Agreement have the meanings ascribed thereto in the Credit Agreement. This agreement was further amended on December 8, 2021 to move its LIBOR benchmark for non-U.S. dollar ("USD") borrowings to other non-USD benchmark rates. 
 
 On May 31, 2022, the Credit Agreement was further amended to, among other things, adjust the Total Net Leverage Ratio financial covenant in anticipation of the consummation of the announced acquisition of Parker's Aircraft Wheel and Brake division. On November 10, 2022, the Credit Agreement was amended again to, among other things, amend certain definitions 
 47 

and other provisions (i) to replace the LIBOR-based benchmark rate for U.S. dollar denominated loans and other extensions of credit under the Credit Agreement with a secured overnight financing rate for specified interest periods plus a credit spread adjustment of 0.10 per annum for all interest periods (the Adjusted Term SOFR ), and (ii) to make revisions to the benchmark replacement provisions in the event that an existing interest rate benchmark is discontinued or otherwise non-representative. Refer to Note 14, Debt , for further information on these amendments. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, 363.0 million was outstanding under the revolving credit facility. The interest rate at December 31, 2022 was 7.07 . We are required to pay a quarterly commitment fee on the unused revolving loan commitment amount at a rate ranging from 0.150 to 0.250 per annum, based on the Senior Secured Net Leverage Ratio. Fees for outstanding letters of credit range from 1.125 to 1.625 , based on the Senior Secured Net Leverage Ratio. Total average bank borrowings were 120.7 million during the year ended December 31, 2022. There were no bank borrowings under our revolving credit facility during the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 The Company's Credit Agreement contains floating rate obligations and is subject to interest rate fluctuations. Since our borrowing under the revolver for the acquisition of Aircraft Wheel and Brake in the third quarter of 2022 through December 31, 2022, our weighted-average interest rate under the revolver was 4.83 . In late 2022, we entered into interest rate swap agreements with a notional value of 200.0 million, effective January 1, 2023, for the purposes of hedging the eight quarterly variable-rate Credit Agreement interest payments due in 2023 and 2024. These interest rate swap agreements were designated as cash flow hedges and intended to manage interest rate risk associated with our variable-rate borrowings and minimize the impact on our earnings and cash flows of interest rate fluctuations attributable to changes in SOFR rates. These interest rate swaps were not material to the Company's financial statements at and in the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 The following table shows the amounts available for borrowing under the Company's revolving credit facility: 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 In thousands Total facility 800,000 800,000 Amounts outstanding, excluding letters of credit 363,000 Amounts available for borrowing, excluding letters of credit 437,000 800,000 Letters of credit under the credit facility (1)(2) 
 51,630 92,646 Amounts available for borrowing 385,370 707,354 Amounts available for borrowing subject to EBITDA, as defined by the Credit Agreement (3) 
 211,131 409,914 
 (1) The Company has entered into standby letters of credit issued on the Company's behalf by financial institutions, and directly issued guarantees to third parties primarily related to advances received from customers and the guarantee of future performance on certain contracts. Letters of credit generally are available for draw down in the event the Company does not perform its obligations, but are not included in the calculation of available for borrowing subject to EBITDA, as defined by the Credit Agreement. 
 (2) Of these amounts, 46.1 million and 86.3 million letters of credit relate to a certain JPF DCS contract in 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 (3) Amounts available for borrowing subject to EBITDA reflect the minimum borrowing capacity as calculated in accordance with the terms of our Credit Agreement for EBITDA, subject to adjustments. 
 
 Interest Rate Swaps 
 
 During 2022, we entered into interest rate swap agreements, effective January 1, 2023, for the purposes of hedging the eight quarterly variable-rate Credit Agreement interest payments due in 2023 and 2024. These interest rate swap agreements were designated as cash flow hedges and intended to manage interest rate risk associated with our variable-rate borrowings and minimize the impact on our earnings and cash flows of interest rate fluctuations attributable to changes in LIBOR or SOFR rates. These interest rate swaps were not material to our financial statements at and in the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Other Sources/Uses of Capital 
 
 Near Earth Autonomy 
 
 Concurrent with the 10.0 million investment we made into Near Earth Autonomy, we entered into a Master Technology Maturation Agreement for a five-year initial term. The agreement requires the Company to contract with Near Earth Autonomy for a minimum spend of 1.0 million per year of the Company's own funds or 2.0 million per year from any source of revenue arranged by the Company. 
 48 

Letters of Credit 
 
 We have 46.1 million in letters of credit outstanding for a JPF DCS contract, including the offset agreement. In the event that we default on the contract and we are unable to fulfill our contractual commitments, our customer has the ability to draw on the letters of credit. 
 
 Pension 
 
 Management regularly monitors its pension plan asset performance and the assumptions used in the determination of our benefit obligation, comparing them to actual experience. We continue to believe the assumptions selected are valid due to the long-term nature of our benefit obligation. 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, no contribution was made to the qualified pension plan. We contributed 10.0 million to the qualified pension plan for the year ended December 31, 2021. In 2023, we do not expect to make a pension contribution to the qualified pension plan. We paid 0.5 million and 2.7 million in SERP benefits in 2022 and 2021, respectively. We expect to pay 0.5 million in SERP benefits in 2023. 
 
 For more information refer to Note 17, Pension Plans , in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Form 10-K. 
 
 Acquisitions 
 
 On September 16, 2022, the Company completed the acquisition of Aircraft Wheel and Brake, at a purchase price of approximately 441.3 million. No acquisitions were completed in 2021. On January 3, 2020, the Company completed the acquisition of Bal Seal, at a purchase price of approximately 317.5 million. For a discussion of these acquisitions, see Note 3, Business Combinations and Investments , in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Form 10-K. 
 
 Share-based Arrangements 
 
 In 2021, the Company modified its long-term incentive program to increase the emphasis on equity. The long-term incentive awards granted to our Named Executive Officers NEOs consist of a combination of service-based restricted shares ("RSAs") and performance share units settled in shares ("PSUs"), as opposed to the cash-based awards that had been utilized before. These awards are expected to increase the alignment of interests between our NEOs and shareholders, and help build stock ownership by new executives, supporting both executive retention and the Company s long-term financial performance. RSAs will vest over a three-year period on each of the first three anniversaries of the date of grant. The number of PSUs that will vest will be determined based on total shareholder return ("TSR") and return on total invested capital ("ROIC") over a three-year performance period, each of which will remain equally weighted in determining payouts. The achievement level for both factors may range from zero to 200 . As of December 31, 2022, future compensation costs related to non-vested stock options, performance shares and restricted stock grants was 9.6 million. The Company anticipates that this cost will be recognized over a weighted-average period of 1.7 years. 
 
 Stock Repurchase Plans 
 
 On April 20, 2022, we announced that our Board of Directors approved a share repurchase program ("2022 Share Repurchase Program") authorizing the repurchase of up to 50.0 million of the common stock, par value 1.00 per share, of the Company. We repurchase shares to offset the annual issuance of shares under our employee stock plans, but the timing and actual number of shares repurchased will depend on a variety of factors including stock price, market conditions, corporate and regulatory requirements, capital availability and other factors, including acquisition opportunities. This plan replaces the authorization approved in April 2015. 

NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES 
 
 Management believes that the non-GAAP measures used in this Annual Report on Form 10-K provide investors with important perspectives into our ongoing business performance. We do not intend for the information to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for the related GAAP measures. Other companies may define the measures differently. We define the non-GAAP measures used in this report and other disclosures as follows: 

49 

Organic Sales 
 
 Organic Sales is defined as "Net Sales" less sales derived from acquisitions completed during the previous twelve months. We believe that this measure provides management and investors with a more complete understanding of underlying operating results and trends of established, ongoing operations by excluding the effect of acquisitions, which can obscure underlying trends. We also believe that presenting Organic Sales separately provides management and investors with useful information about the trends impacting our operations and enables a more direct comparison to other businesses and companies in similar industries. Management recognizes that the term "Organic Sales" may be interpreted differently by other companies and under different circumstances. 
 
 Organic Sales (in thousands) 
 2022 2021 2020 Net sales 687,961 708,993 784,459 Acquisition Sales 20,792 Organic Sales 667,169 708,993 784,459 
 
 Free Cash Flow 
 
 Free cash flow is defined as GAAP Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities in a period less Expenditures for property, plant equipment in the same period. Management believes Free Cash Flow provides an important perspective on our ability to generate cash from our business operations and, as such, that it is an important financial measure for use in evaluating the Company's financial performance. Free Cash Flow should not be viewed as representing the residual cash flow available for discretionary expenditures such as dividends to shareholders or acquisitions, as it may exclude certain mandatory expenditures such as repayment of maturing debt and other contractual obligations. Management uses Free Cash Flow internally to assess overall liquidity. Refer to the Discussion and Analysis of Cash Flows in Liquidity and Capital Resources included in this Form 10-K for the calculation of Free Cash Flow. 

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES 
 
 Our significant accounting policies are outlined in Note 1, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies , to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Form 10-K. The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses and related disclosures based upon historical experience, current trends and other factors that management believes to be relevant. We are also responsible for evaluating the propriety of our estimates, judgments and accounting methods as new events occur. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Management periodically reviews the Company s critical accounting policies, estimates and judgments with the Audit Committee of our Board of Directors. The most significant areas currently involving management judgments and estimates are described below. 
 
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers 
 
 Methodology 
 We recognize sales and profit based upon either (1) the over time method, in which sales and profit are recorded based upon the ratio of costs incurred to date to estimated total costs to complete the performance obligation, or (2) the point-in-time method, in which sales are recognized at the time control is transferred to the customer. For long-term contracts, we generally recognize sales and income over time because of continuous transfer of control to the customer. Revenue is generally recognized using the cost-to-cost method based on the extent of progress towards completion of the performance obligation, which allows for recognition of revenue as work on a contract progresses. 
 Management performs detailed quarterly reviews of all of our significant long-term contracts. Based upon these reviews, we record the effects of adjustments in profit estimates each period. If at any time management determines that in the case of a particular contract total costs will exceed total contract revenue, we record a provision for the entire anticipated contract loss at that time. 
 
 50 

Judgment and Uncertainties 
 The over time revenue recognition model requires that we estimate future revenues and costs over the life of a contract. Revenues are estimated based upon the original contract price, with consideration being given to exercised contract options, change orders and, in some cases, projected customer requirements. Contract costs may be incurred over a period of several years, and the estimation of these costs requires significant judgment based upon the acquired knowledge and experience of program managers, engineers and financial professionals. Estimated costs are based primarily on anticipated purchase contract terms, historical performance trends, business base and other economic projections. The complexity of certain programs as well as technical risks and uncertainty as to the future availability of materials and labor resources could affect the Company s ability to accurately estimate future contract costs. The amount of revenue recognized at a point-in time is approximately 61 compared to approximately 39 of consolidated revenue recognized over time. 
 
 Effect if Actual Results Differ From Assumptions 
 While we do not believe there is a reasonable likelihood there will be a material change in estimates or assumptions used to calculate our long-term revenues and costs, estimating the percentage of work complete on certain programs is a complex task. As a result, changes to these estimates could have a significant impact on our results of operations. These programs include the Sikorsky BLACK HAWK program, the JPF program with the USG, the Boeing A-10 program, the ATacMS program, the Harpoon program, and several other programs. Estimating the ultimate total cost of these programs is challenging due to the complexity of the programs, unanticipated increases in production requirements, the nature of the materials needed to complete these programs, change orders related to the programs and the need to manage our customers expectations. These programs are an important element in our continuing strategy to increase operating efficiencies and profitability as well as broaden our business base. Management continues to monitor and update program cost estimates quarterly for these contracts. A significant change in an estimate on one or more of these programs could have a material effect on our financial position and results of operations. The company recognized a reduction in revenue of 3.5 million, 2.6 million, and 7.0 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively, due to changes in profit estimates. 
 
 Allowance for Doubtful Accounts 
 
 Methodology 
 
 The allowance for doubtful accounts represents management s best estimate of probable losses inherent in the receivable balance. These estimates are based on known past due amounts and historical write-off experience, as well as trends and factors impacting the credit risk associated with specific customers. In an effort to identify adverse trends for trade receivables, we perform ongoing reviews of account balances and the aging of receivables. Amounts are considered past due when payment has not been received within a predetermined time frame based upon the credit terms extended. For our government and commercial contracts, we evaluate, on an ongoing basis, the amount of recoverable costs. The recoverability of costs is evaluated on a contract-by-contract basis based upon historical trends of payments, program viability and the customer s credit-worthiness. 
 Judgment and Uncertainties 
 Write-offs are charged against the allowance for doubtful accounts only after we have exhausted all collection efforts. Actual write-offs and adjustments could differ from the allowance estimates due to unanticipated changes in the business environment as well as factors and risks associated with specific customers. 
 Effect if Actual Results Differ From Assumptions 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, our allowance for doubtful accounts was 2.1 million and 1.5 million, respectively. Receivables written off, net of recoveries, in 2022 and 2021 were 0.4 million and 0.6 million, respectively. 
 Currently we do not believe that we have a significant amount of risk relative to the allowance for doubtful accounts. A 10 change in the allowance would have a 0.2 million effect on pre-tax earnings. 
 Inventory Valuation 
 Methodology 
 We have four types of inventory (a) raw materials, (b) contracts in process, (c) other work in process and (d) finished goods. Raw material includes certain general stock materials but primarily relates to purchases that were made in anticipation of specific programs that have not been started as of the balance sheet date. Raw materials are stated at the lower of the cost of the 
 51 

inventory or its fair market value. Contracts in process, other work in process and finished goods are valued at production cost comprised of material, labor and overhead. Contracts in process, other work in process and finished goods are reported at the lower of cost or net realizable value. 
 Judgment and Uncertainties 
 The process for evaluating inventory obsolescence or market value often requires the Company to make subjective judgments and estimates concerning future sales levels, quantities and prices at which such inventory will be sold in the normal course of business. We adjust our inventory by the difference between the estimated market value and the actual cost of our inventory to arrive at net realizable value. Changes in estimates of future sales volume may necessitate future write-downs of inventory value. 
 In December 2022, the Company began a review of all businesses and programs to increase efficiencies, improve working capital management and focus on sustainable and consistent revenue and profit generating activities. As a result of this review, we determined that we will discontinue the production of the K-MAX medium-to-heavy lift helicopters and K-MAX TITAN unmanned aerial system in 2023. The Company will continue to support the existing K-MAX fleet in operation, including providing operators with repair, spare parts and fleet services, as well as training. As a result of this decision, management wrote off 44.5 million of inventory associated with these programs. The amount written off was comprised of a lower of cost or net realizable value write down on three unsold aircraft and unusable inventory. Unusable inventory includes long lead parts made specifically for the production of the K-MAX for which there are no alternative uses and spare parts and blades that were in excess of the amounts needed to support the existing fleet. 
 At December 31, 2022, 24.7 million of K-MAX inventory was included in contracts and other work in process and finished goods, of which management believes that approximately 22.5 million will be sold after December 31, 2023, based upon the anticipation of additional aircraft manufacturing and supporting the fleet for the foreseeable future. 
 At December 31, 2022, 6.2 million of SH-2G(I) inventory was included in contracts and other work in process inventory on the Company's Consolidated Balance Sheets. Management believes 5.3 million of the SH-2G(I) inventory will be sold after December 31, 2023. This balance represents spares requirements and inventory to be used in SH-2G programs. 
 Effect if Actual Results Differ From Assumptions 
 Management reviews the K-MAX inventory balance on an annual basis to determine whether any additional write-downs are necessary. Following the write-down of the inventory as discussed above, we believe this inventory is stated at net realizable value at December 31, 2022, although lack of demand for aircraft or spare parts in the future could result in additional write-downs of the inventory value. Overall, management believes that our inventory is appropriately valued and not subject to further obsolescence in the near term. If such a write-down were to occur, this could have a significant impact on our operating results. An additional 10 write-down of the December 31, 2022 K-MAX inventory balance would have affected pre-tax earnings by approximately 2.5 million in 2022. 
 The balance of SH-2G(I) inventory projected to be sold after December 31, 2022, represents spares requirements and inventory to be used to support the SH-2G programs in future periods and as such is appropriately valued as of December 31, 2022. 
 Business Combinations 
 
 Methodology 
 
 On September 16, 2022, we completed the acquisition of Aircraft Wheel and Brake for consideration of 441.3 million. In accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, we recognized the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed separately from goodwill and measured the respective assets and liabilities at their acquisition-date fair values. Goodwill for the acquisition of 169.8 million was determined based on the consideration transferred less the net value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed at their acquisition-date fair values. 
 
 Judgment and Uncertainties 
 
 As part of the acquisition, management identified two classes of intangible assets acquired related to Aircraft Wheel and Brake, consisting of customer relationships and acquired backlog. The fair value of the intangible assets of 250.5 million was determined using the income approach, specifically, a multi-period excess earnings method. Significant judgment was applied with respect to estimates of forecasted cash flows, more specifically, the estimated revenue growth rates to determine the fair value of all of the intangible assets and the estimated profit rates and discount rate used to determine the fair value of the 
 52 

customer relationship intangible assets. Management evaluated the reasonableness of the revenue growth rates and profit rates based on consideration of the past performance, general economic conditions in the markets served by Aircraft Wheel and Brake and industry-specific performance statistics. 
 
 The Company determines the useful lives of the intangibles through contracting with a third party valuation expert and discussions with the management team of the acquisition. As the acquisition specializes in wheels, brakes and related hydraulic components for helicopters, fixed-wing and UAV aircraft, it was determined that a useful life range of 23 to 25 year for customer relationships was reasonable, as the length of customer relationships are typically longer given the nature of the industry and the useful lives of aircraft. Considerations were also given to the history of serving on the programs, nature of competition, probability of renewals, sole source positions, information on the strength of the incumbency, nature of the aircraft program, and corroborated the program forecast duration with information from Forecast International, General Aviation Manufacturer Association data, Federal Aviation Administration data, as well as Department of Defense disclosures. 
 
 A discount rate of 9 was utilized for customer relationships and a discount rate of 8 was utilized for backlog to reflect the risk and uncertainty in the financial markets and specifically in our internally developed earnings projections. A change in these assumptions could materially affect the valuation of the identified intangible assets. Management evaluated the reasonableness of the discount rates based on consideration of the cost of capital of comparable businesses and other industry factors. 
 
 Effect if Actual Results Differ from Assumptions 
 
 As with all assumptions, there is an inherent level of uncertainty and actual results, to the extent they differ from those assumptions, could have a material impact on fair value. For example, multiples for a comparable business could deteriorate due to changes in technology or a downturn in economic conditions. A reduction in customer demand would impact our assumed growth rate resulting in a reduced fair value. Potential events or circumstances could have a negative effect on the estimated fair value. The loss of a major customer or program could have a significant impact on the future cash flows of the acquired business. Advances in technology by our competitors could result in our products becoming obsolete. 
 
 We do not currently believe there to be a reasonable likelihood that actual results will vary materially from estimates and assumptions used to value the assets acquired and liabilities assumed. However, if actual results are not consistent with our estimates or assumptions, we may be exposed to an impairment charge that could be material. 
 
 Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets 
 
 Methodology 
 Goodwill and certain intangible assets that have indefinite lives are evaluated at least annually for impairment. The annual evaluation is generally performed during the fourth quarter, using forecast information. All intangible assets are also reviewed for possible impairment whenever changes in conditions indicate that their carrying value may not be recoverable. For reporting units that qualify for a qualitative assessment, management will perform the quantitative impairment test after a period of three years has elapsed since the test was last performed. 
 In accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, we test goodwill for impairment at the reporting unit level and other long-lived intangible assets (excluding goodwill) for impairment at the lowest level for which identifiable cash flows are available. The identification and measurement of goodwill impairment involves the estimation of fair value of the reporting unit as compared to its carrying value. The identification and measurement of other long-lived intangible asset impairment involves the estimation of future cash flows of the business unit as compared to its carrying value. Goodwill is tested one level below the segment level, and components are not aggregated for purposes of goodwill testing. 
 At December 31, 2022, the carrying value of goodwill was 363.8 million and 16.1 million for the Engineered Products and Precision Products segments, respectively. There is no goodwill related to the Structures segment. The specific Engineered Products reporting units contributing to the total goodwill balance were Specialty Bearings and Engineered Products, 98.9 million, Bal Seal, 95.1 million and Aircraft Wheel and Brake, 169.8 million. The Precision Products segment has one reporting unit contributing to the total balance, Precision Products Orlando ("KPP-Orlando"), 16.1 million. 
 In accordance with ASC 350 - Intangibles - Goodwill and Other, the Company evaluates goodwill for possible impairment on at least an annual basis. Additionally, the Company is required to evaluate goodwill for possible impairment testing if an event occurs or circumstances change that indicate that the fair value of the reporting entity may be below its carrying amount. In December 2022, the Company announced it will consolidate the production of JPF fuzes to its Middletown facility resulting in the closure of the Orlando facility in 2024 due to reduced demand as the JPF program continues to move through its life cycle. 
 53 

The Company considered the reduction in demand, as well as the updated forecasts for the reporting unit, which indicated the forecasted cash flows for the KPP-Orlando reporting unit were lower than amounts previously forecasted. Management performed a quantitative analysis on the KPP-Orlando reporting unit using an income methodology based on management's estimates of forecasted cash flows, with those cash flows discounted to present value using rates commensurate with the risks associated with those cash flows. The quantitative analysis resulted in a conclusion that the fair value of the KPP-Orlando reporting unit was 25.3 million below its carrying value; therefore, goodwill was impaired. In the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded a goodwill impairment charge of 25.3 million for the KPP-Orlando reporting unit. This impairment charge was included in goodwill and other intangibles impairment on the Company's Statement of Operations and other unallocated expenses, net in Note 4, Segment and Geographic Information . An additional 16.1 million of goodwill remains at this reporting unit. No such triggering events were identified in 2021. 
 During 2020, we identified a triggering event for possible impairment of our Aerosystems reporting unit based on a decline in earnings compared to forecasts used in prior periods and updated forecasts which indicated the forecasted cash flows for this reporting unit were lower than amounts previously forecasted. We performed a quantitative analysis on the Aerosystems reporting unit using an income methodology based on management's estimates of forecasted cash flows, with those cash flows discounted to present value using rates commensurate with the risks associated with those cash flows. In addition, management used a market-based valuation involving analysis of market multiples of revenues and earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization ("EBITDA") for (i) a group of comparable companies and (ii) recent transactions, if any, involving comparable companies. The quantitative analysis resulted in a conclusion that the fair value of the Aerosystems reporting unit was 56.1 million below its carrying value; therefore, goodwill was impaired. In 2020, we recorded a goodwill impairment charge of 50.3 million for the Aerosystems reporting unit, which represented the entire goodwill balance associated with this reporting unit. See Note 12, Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets, Net , in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding these assets. 
 The carrying value of other intangible assets as of December 31, 2022, was 372.3 million. No triggering events were identified in 2022, 2021 or 2020. See Note 12, Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets, Net , in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding these assets. 
 Judgment and Uncertainties 
 
 In years that management performs a qualitative assessment we consider the following qualitative factors: general economic conditions in the markets served by the reporting units carrying goodwill, relevant industry-specific performance statistics, changes in the carrying value of the individual reporting units and assumptions used in the most recent fair value calculation, including forecasted results of operations, the weighted average cost of capital and recent transaction multiples. 
 We performed a qualitative assessment for the Specialty Bearings, Bal Seal, and Aircraft Wheel and Brake reporting units. The results of these analyses indicated that it is more likely than not that goodwill is not impaired and these reporting units did not need to proceed to a quantitative assessment. 
 For the quantitative impairment tests, management estimated the fair value of the reporting units using an income methodology based on management's estimates of forecasted cash flows, with those cash flows discounted to present value using rates commensurate with the risks associated with those cash flows. 
 In performing our quantitative test for the KPP-Orlando reporting unit, no terminal growth rate was assumed. The discount rate utilized to reflect the risk and uncertainty in the financial markets and specifically in our internally developed earnings projections was 9.75 for this reporting unit. Changes in these estimates and assumptions could materially affect the results of our tests for goodwill impairment. 
 An impairment loss is recognized for any excess of the carrying amount of the reporting unit s goodwill over the implied fair value of that goodwill. The implied fair value of goodwill is determined by allocating the fair value of the reporting unit in a manner similar to a purchase price allocation. The residual fair value after this allocation is the implied fair value of the reporting unit goodwill. The results of the quantitative test indicated that the carrying value of the KPP-Orlando reporting unit exceeded the respective fair value; therefore, an impairment charge of 25.3 million was recorded in the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Effect if Actual Results Differ From Assumptions 
 
 We performed the quantitative impairment test for the KPP-Orlando reporting unit. KPP-Orlando's fair value was less than its carrying value resulting in a 25.3 million write-off of goodwill. In 2020, we identified a triggering event for possible impairment at the Aerosystems reporting unit. The fair value of the Aerosystems reporting unit was 56.1 million below its 
 54 

carrying value. We recorded a goodwill impairment charge of 50.3 million for the Aerosystems reporting unit in 2020, which represented the entire goodwill balance associated with this reporting unit. 
 As with all assumptions, there is an inherent level of uncertainty and actual results, to the extent they differ from those assumptions, could have a material impact on fair value. For example, multiples for similar type reporting units could deteriorate due to changes in technology or a downturn in economic conditions. A reduction in customer demand would impact our assumed growth rate resulting in a reduced fair value. Potential events or circumstances could have a negative effect on the estimated fair value. The loss of a major customer or program could have a significant impact on the future cash flows of the reporting unit(s). Advances in technology by our competitors could result in our products becoming obsolete. 
 We do not currently believe there to be a reasonable likelihood that actual results will vary materially from estimates and assumptions used to test goodwill and other intangible assets for impairment losses. However, if actual results are not consistent with our estimates or assumptions, we may be exposed to additional impairment charges that could be material. 
 
 Long-Term Incentive Programs 
 
 Methodology 
 The Company maintains a Management Incentive Plan, which provides for cash and share-based payment awards. In 2021, the Company modified its long-term incentive program to increase the emphasis on equity. Beginning in the first quarter of 2021, the long-term incentive awards granted to the Company's Named Executive Officers ("NEOs") consist of a combination of service-based RSAs and PSUs which are intended to be settled in shares, as opposed to cash-based awards that had been utilized in the past. These awards are expected to increase the alignment of interests between the Company's NEOs and shareholders and help build stock ownership for new executives, supporting both executive retention and the Company's long-term financial performance. 
 The Company's share-based payment awards include non-statutory stock options, restricted stock and performance share units. We determine the fair value of our non-qualified stock option awards at the date of grant using a Black-Scholes model. We determine the fair value of our restricted share awards at the date of grant using the closing price the day prior to the grant. We determine the fair value of our performance share units at the date of grant using both the closing price the day prior to the grant and a Monte-Carlo simulation model as the number of PSUs that will vest will be determined based on total shareholder return ("TSR") and return on total invested capital ("ROIC") over a three-year performance period, each of which will remain equally weighted in determining payouts. The achievement level for both factors may range from zero to 200 . 
 The long-term incentive program ("LTIP") cash-based awards provide certain senior executives an opportunity to receive long-term incentive award payments, generally in cash, for achieving targets established by the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors. Performance metrics for LTIP cash-based awards are based on the following: (a) average return on total capital and (b) total return to shareholders, both compared to the Russell 2000 indices for the same performance period. No awards will be payable if the Company s performance is below the 25th percentile of the designated indices. The maximum award is payable if performance reaches the 75th percentile of the designated indices. Awards will be paid out at 100 at the 50th percentile. Awards for performance between the 25th and 75th percentiles are determined by straight-line interpolation between 0 and 200 . 
 In order to estimate the liability associated with the cash-based LTIP awards, management must make assumptions as to how our current performance compares to current Russell 2000 data based upon the Russell 2000 s historical results. This analysis is performed on a quarterly basis. When sufficient Russell 2000 data for a year is available, which typically will not be until May or June of the following year, management will adjust the liability to reflect its best estimate of the total award. Actual results could differ significantly from management s estimates. The total estimated liability as of December 31, 2022, was 0.6 million. 
 Judgment and Uncertainties 
 Models to price options and PSUs and generally accepted valuation techniques require management to make assumptions and to apply judgment to determine the fair value of our awards. These assumptions and judgments include estimating the future volatility of our stock price, expected dividend yield, future employee turnover rates and future employee stock option exercise behaviors. Changes in these assumptions can materially affect the fair value estimate. 
 Our equity-based and cash-based LTIP requires management to make assumptions regarding the likelihood of achieving long-term Company goals as well as estimate future Russell 2000 results. 
 55 

Effect if Actual Results Differ From Assumptions 
 
 In the event that actual results are not consistent with our estimates or assumptions, we may be exposed to changes in cash and share-based compensation expense that could be material. If actual results are not consistent with the assumptions used, the share-based compensation expense reported in our financial statements may not be representative of the actual economic cost of the share-based compensation. A 10 change in our share-based compensation expense for the year ended December 31, 2022, would have affected pre-tax earnings by approximately 0.8 million in 2022. 
 Due to the timing of availability of the Russell 2000 data, there is a risk that the amount we have recorded as LTIP expense could be different from the actual payout. A 10 increase in the total estimated liability for our cash-based LTIP would not be material to 2022 pretax earnings. 
 Pension Plans 
 Methodology 
 We maintain a qualified defined benefit pension, as well as a non-qualified Supplemental Employees Retirement Plan ("SERP") for certain key executives. See Note 17, Pension Plans , in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Form 10-K for further discussion of these plans. 
 Expenses and liabilities associated with each of these plans are determined based upon actuarial valuations. Integral to these actuarial valuations are a variety of assumptions including expected return on plan assets and discount rates. We regularly review these assumptions, which are updated at the measurement date, December 31st. In accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, the impact of differences between actual results and the assumptions are accumulated and generally amortized over future periods, which will affect expense recognized in future periods. 
 We utilize a "spot rate approach" in the calculation of pension interest and service cost. The spot rate approach applies separate discount rates for each projected benefit payment in the calculation of pension interest and service cost. 
 Judgment and Uncertainties 
 
 The discount rate represents the interest rate used to determine the present value of future cash flows currently expected to be required to settle the pension obligation. Management uses the Financial Times Stock Exchange ("FTSE") Pension Discount Curve for discount rate assumptions. This index was designed to provide a market average discount rate to assist plan sponsors in valuing the liabilities associated with postretirement obligations. Additionally, we reviewed the changes in the general level of interest rates since the last measurement date noting that overall rates had increased when compared to 2021. 
 Based upon this information, we used a 5.19 discount rate as of December 31, 2022, for the qualified defined benefit pension plan. This rate takes into consideration the participants in our pension plan and the anticipated payment stream as compared to the Above Median Double-A Curve. For the SERP, we used the same methodology as the pension plan and derived a discount rate of 5.04 in 2022 for the benefit obligation. The difference in the discount rates is primarily due to the expected duration of SERP payments, which is shorter than the anticipated duration of benefit payments to be made to the average participant in the pension plan. The qualified defined benefit pension plan and SERP used discount rates of 2.71 and 2.33 at December 31, 2021, respectively, for purposes of calculating the benefit obligation. The increase in the discount rate is attributable to the increase in rates on the bonds that compose the Above Median Double-A Curve. 
 The expected long-term rate of return on plan assets represents the average rate of earnings expected on the funds invested to provide for anticipated benefit payments. The expected return on assets assumption is developed based upon several factors. Such factors include current and expected target asset allocation, our expected returns by asset class type and our expected investment performance. The expected long-term rate of return on plan assets is 5.7 . 
 Effect if Actual Results Differ From Assumptions 
 
 During 2022, the pension plan generated net periodic benefit income and as a result, the sensitivity analysis calculates the change on pension income rather than on pension expense. A lower discount rate increases the present value of benefit obligations which increases pension expense; however, this is more than offset by a reduction in interest costs resulting in net pension income. A one percentage point decrease in the assumed discount rate would have increased pension income in 2022 by 1.7 million. A one percentage point increase in the assumed discount rate would have decreased pension income in 2022 by 0.8 million. 
 
 56 

A lower expected rate of return on pension plan assets would increase pension expense. For 2022 and 2021, the expected rate of return on plan assets was 5.7 and 6.0 , respectively. A one-percentage point increase/decrease in the assumed return on pension plan assets would have changed pension income in 2022 by approximately 7.4 million. During 2022, the actual return on pension plan assets of (23.8) was lower than our expected long-term rate of return on pension plan assets of 5.7 . 
 
 Income Taxes 
 
 Methodology 
 Deferred tax assets and liabilities generally represent temporary differences between the recognition of tax benefits/expenses in our financial statements and the recognition of these tax benefits/expenses for tax purposes. 
 We establish reserves for deferred taxes when, despite our belief that our tax return positions are valid and defensible, we believe that certain positions may not prevail if challenged. We adjust these reserves in light of changing facts and circumstances, such as the progress of a tax audit or changes in tax legislation. Our effective tax rate includes the impact of reserve provisions and changes to reserves that we consider appropriate. This rate is then applied to our quarterly operating results. In the event that there is a significant unusual or one-time item recognized in our operating results, the tax attributable to that item would be separately calculated and recorded at the same time as the unusual or one-time item. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had recorded 41.3 million of deferred tax assets, net of valuation allowances. The realization of these benefits is dependent in part on future taxable income and, if need be, tax planning strategies designed to realize the benefits associated with tax losses and credit carryforwards. For those jurisdictions where the expiration of tax loss or credit carryforwards or the projection of operating results indicates that realization is not likely, a valuation allowance is provided. 
 Judgment and Uncertainties 
 
 Management believes that sufficient income will be earned in the future to realize deferred income tax assets, net of valuation allowances recorded. The realization of these deferred tax assets can be impacted by changes to tax laws or statutory tax rates and future taxable income levels. 
 Our effective tax rate on earnings was 26.6 for 2022. This rate includes a charge in the amount of 1.3 million, primarily attributable to nondeductible compensation relating to post termination payments and benefits of former executive officers. Additionally, the Company recognized benefits relating to research and development credits in the amount of 1.6 million. Our effective tax rate is based on expected or reported income or loss, statutory tax rates and tax planning opportunities available to us in the various jurisdictions in which we operate. Significant judgment is required in determining our effective tax rate and in evaluating our tax positions. 
 Effect if Actual Results Differ From Assumptions 
 We do not anticipate a significant change in our unrecognized tax benefits within the next twelve months. We file tax returns in numerous U.S. and foreign jurisdictions, with returns subject to examination for varying periods, but generally back to and including 2016. It is our policy to record interest and penalties on unrecognized tax benefits as income taxes. A one percentage point increase/decrease in our tax rate would have affected our 2022 earnings by 0.6 million. 
 
 RECENT ACCOUNTING STANDARDS 
 
 A summary of recent accounting standards is included in Note 1, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies , in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, included in Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, of this Form 10-K. 

57 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 We have various market risk exposures that arise from our ongoing business operations. Market risk is the potential economic loss that may result from adverse changes in the fair value of financial instruments. Our financial results are impacted by changes in interest rates, certain foreign currency exchange rates and commodity prices. 
 
 Foreign Currencies 
 
 We have manufacturing and sales facilities in various locations throughout the world. As a result, we make investments and conduct business transactions denominated in various currencies, including the U.S. dollar, the European euro, the Czech koruna, the Japanese yen, the Hong Kong dollar and the Indian rupee. Total annual foreign sales, including foreign export sales, averaged approximately 314.6 million over the last three years. Foreign sales represented 37.2 of consolidated net sales in 2022; however, a significant portion of our foreign sales are denominated in the U.S. dollar. We estimate a hypothetical 10 adverse change in foreign currency exchange rates relative to the U.S dollar for 2022 would have had an unfavorable impact of 11.3 million on foreign-denominated sales and a unfavorable impact of 0.1 million on operating income. We manage foreign currency exposures that are associated with committed foreign currency purchases and sales and other assets and liabilities created in the normal course of business at the subsidiary operations level. Sometimes we may, through the use of forward contracts or other derivative contracts, hedge the price risk associated with committed and forecasted foreign-denominated payments and rates. Historically the use of these forward contracts has been minimal. We do not use derivatives for speculative or trading purposes. 
 
 Interest Rates 
 
 Our primary exposure to interest rate risk results from our outstanding debt obligations. The level of fees and interest charged on revolving credit commitments and borrowings are based upon leverage levels and market interest rates. 
 
 Our principal debt facilities are contained within a variable rate credit agreement that provides a 800.0 million revolving credit facility. This agreement was amended and restated on November 10, 2022 (as amended), and expires on December 13, 2024. Total average bank borrowings for 2022 were 120.7 million. The impact of a hypothetical 100 basis point increase in the interest rates on our average bank borrowings would have resulted in a 1.2 million increase in interest expense. 
 
 During the fiscal quarter ended June 30, 2017, we issued 200.0 million aggregate principal of convertible unsecured senior notes, due May 2024, in a private placement offering. These notes bear 3.25 interest per annum on the principal amount, payable semiannually in arrears on May 1 and November 1 of each year, beginning on November 1, 2017, and have an effective interest rate of 5.0 . 
 
 From time to time we will enter into interest rate swap contracts for the purpose of securing a fixed interest rate on our variable interest rate borrowings. These contracts allow us to create certainty with respect to future cash flows associated with our variable rate debt that would otherwise be impacted by fluctuations in SOFR rates. During 2022, we entered into interest rate swap agreements, effective January 1, 2023, for the purposes of hedging the eight quarterly variable-rate Credit Agreement interest payments due in 2023 and 2024. 
 
 Commodity Prices 
 
 We are exposed to volatility in the price of raw materials used in certain manufacturing operations. These raw materials include, but are not limited to, aluminum, titanium, nickel, copper and other specialty metals. We manage our exposure related to these price changes through strategic procurement practices. 
 
 58 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 
 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of Kaman Corporation 
 
 Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Kaman Corporation and its subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations, of comprehensive income (loss), of shareholders equity and of cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, including the related notes and schedule of valuation and qualifying accounts for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 appearing under Item 15(a)(2) (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). We also have audited the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). 
 
 In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 , and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the COSO. 
 
 Change in Accounting Principle 
 
 As discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company changed the manner in which it accounts for convertible debt in 2022. 
 
 Basis for Opinions 
 
 The Company's management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting appearing under Item 9A. Our responsibility is to express opinions on the Company s consolidated financial statements and on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 
 Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
 
 As described in Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting, management has excluded Aircraft Wheel and Brake from its assessment of internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, because it was acquired by the Company in a business combination during 2022. We have also excluded Aircraft Wheel and Brake from our audit of internal control over financial reporting. Aircraft Wheel and Brake is a wholly-owned subsidiary whose total assets, excluding goodwill and intangible assets, and total revenues excluded from management s assessment and our audit of internal control over financial reporting represent 2 and 3 , respectively, of the related consolidated financial statement amounts as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 59 

Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
 
 Acquisition of Aircraft Wheel Brake Division of Parker-Hannifin Corporation Valuation of Customer Relationships Intangible Asset 
 
 As described in Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company acquired the Aircraft Wheel and Brake division (AWB) of Parker-Hannifin Corporation in 2022 for a purchase price of 441.3 million, which resulted in a customer relationships intangible asset of 237.7 million. Management determined the fair value of the identifiable intangible assets using the income approach, specifically, a multi-period excess earnings method. As disclosed by management, management applied significant judgment with respect to estimates of forecasted cash flows, more specifically, the estimated revenue growth rates, estimated profit rates and discount rate, to determine the fair value of the customer relationships intangible asset. 
 
 The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the valuation of the customer relationships intangible asset acquired in the AWB acquisition is a critical audit matter are (i) the significant judgment by management when developing the fair value estimate of the customer relationships intangible asset, (ii) a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity, and effort in performing procedures and evaluating management s significant assumptions related to the estimated revenue growth rates and discount rate, and (iii) the audit effort involved the use of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge. 
 
 Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to the acquisition accounting, including controls over management s valuation of the customer relationships intangible asset and the development of significant assumptions related to the estimated revenue growth rates and discount rate. These procedures also included, among others, (i) reading the purchase agreement, (ii) testing management s process for developing the fair value estimate of the customer relationships intangible asset, (iii) evaluating the appropriateness of the multi-period excess earnings method, (iv) testing the completeness and accuracy of the underlying data used in the method, and (v) evaluating the reasonableness of the significant assumptions used by management related to the estimated revenue growth rates and discount rate. Evaluating the reasonableness of management's significant assumption related to estimated revenue growth rates involved considering (i) the past performance of the acquired business, (ii) consistency with economic and industry forecasts, and (iii) whether the assumptions were consistent with evidence obtained in other areas of the audit. Professionals with specialized skill and knowledge were used to assist in evaluating the appropriateness of the multi-period excess earnings method and the reasonableness of the discount rate assumption. 
 
 Estimated Costs at Completion for Certain Long-Term Contracts 
 
 As described in Notes 1 and 4 to the consolidated financial statements, for long-term contracts, management generally recognizes sales and income over time because of continuous transfer of control to the customer. The Company s net sales for the year ended December 31, 2022, were 688 million, of which approximately 39 is recognized over time. Revenue is 
 60 

generally recognized using the cost-to-cost measure of progress for its over time performance obligations because this recognition best depicts the transfer of assets to the customer which occurs as cost is incurred under the contracts. Under the cost-to-cost method, the extent of progress towards completion is measured based on the ratio of costs incurred to date to the total estimated costs at completion of the performance obligation. Revenues, including estimated fees or profits, are recorded proportionally as costs are incurred. 
 
 The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to estimated costs at contract completion for certain long-term contracts is a critical audit matter are (i) the significant judgment by management when determining the estimated costs at completion for certain of these contracts and (ii) a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity and effort in performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence related to the estimated costs at completion for certain of these contracts. 
 
 Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to revenue recognition, including controls over the determination of estimated costs at contract completion for long-term contracts. The procedures also included, among others, (i) testing management s process for determining the estimated costs at contract completion for long-term contracts, (ii) evaluating the reasonableness of assumptions considered by management specific to each contract, and (iii) testing the accuracy of the revenue recognized based on these underlying contract estimates. Evaluating the reasonableness of significant assumptions involved assessing management s ability to reasonably estimate costs at contract completion by (i) testing the basis and underlying support for the cost estimate, (ii) evaluating the consistent application of accounting policies, and (iii) evaluating the timely identification of circumstances which may warrant a modification to a previous estimate. 
 
 Goodwill Impairment Assessment KPP-Orlando Reporting Unit 
 
 As described in Notes 1 and 12 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company s consolidated goodwill balance was 379.9 million as of December 31, 2022, and the goodwill associated with the KPP-Orlando reporting unit was 16.1 million following a 25.3 million goodwill impairment write off. Goodwill is evaluated annually for impairment in the fourth quarter. If the fair value of the reporting unit is less than its carrying value, an impairment charge is recognized for the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the reporting unit's fair value. In the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded a goodwill impairment charge of 25.3 million for the KPP-Orlando reporting unit. The fair value of the KPP Orlando reporting unit is determined using an income methodology approach. Fair value using the income methodology is based on management s estimates of forecasted cash flows for the KPP-Orlando reporting unit which required management to make assumptions about estimated cash flows, including revenue, long-term forecasts, and discount rate. 
 
 The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the goodwill impairment assessment of the KPP-Orlando reporting unit is a critical audit matter are (i) the significant judgment by management when developing the fair value estimate of the KPP-Orlando reporting unit, (ii) a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity, and effort in performing procedures and evaluating management s significant assumptions related to revenue and the discount rate, and (iii) the audit effort involved the use of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge. 
 
 Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to management s goodwill impairment assessment, including controls over the valuation of the KPP-Orlando reporting unit. These procedures also included, among others, (i) testing management s process for developing the fair value estimate, (ii) evaluating the appropriateness of the income methodology approach, (iii) testing the completeness and accuracy of underlying data used in the approach, and (iv) evaluating the reasonableness of significant assumptions used by management related to revenue and the discount rate. Evaluating the revenue significant assumption involved evaluating whether the assumptions used by management were reasonable considering (i) the past performance of the reporting unit, (ii) significant changes in contracts of the reporting unit, and (iii) whether the assumptions were consistent with evidence obtained in other areas of the audit. Professionals with specialized skill and knowledge were used to assist in evaluating the appropriateness of the income methodology approach and the reasonableness of the discount rate assumption. 
 
 /s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
 
 February 23, 2023 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2013. 

61 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 KAMAN CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 (In thousands, except share and per share amounts) 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, net Contract assets Contract costs, current portion Inventories Income tax refunds receivable Other current assets Total current assets Property, plant and equipment, net of accumulated depreciation of and , respectively 
 Operating right-of-use asset, net Goodwill Other intangible assets, net Deferred income taxes Contract costs, noncurrent portion Investment in Near Earth Autonomy Other assets Total assets Liabilities and Shareholders Equity Current liabilities: Accounts payable trade Accrued salaries and wages Contract liabilities, current portion Operating lease liabilities, current portion Income taxes payable Other current liabilities Total current liabilities Long-term debt, excluding current portion, net of debt issuance costs Deferred income taxes Underfunded pension Contract liabilities, noncurrent portion Operating lease liabilities, noncurrent portion Other long-term liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 19) Shareholders equity: 
 Preferred stock, par value, shares authorized; outstanding 
 Common stock, par value, shares authorized; voting; and shares issued, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings 
 Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) 
 ) ) Less and shares of common stock, respectively, held in treasury, at cost 
 ) ) Total shareholders equity Total liabilities and shareholders equity 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 62 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 KAMAN CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 (In thousands, except per share amounts) 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net sales Cost of sales Program inventory impairment (Note 10) Gross profit Selling, general and administrative expenses Goodwill and other intangibles impairment (Note 12) Impairment on assets held for sale (Note 2) Program contract costs impairment (Note 7) Research and development costs Intangible asset amortization expense Costs from transition services agreement (Note 2) Cost of acquired retention plans (Note 3) Restructuring and severance costs (Note 5) (Gain) loss on sale of business (Note 2) ) ) Net loss (gain) on sale of assets ) Operating (loss) income ) ) Interest expense, net Non-service pension and post retirement benefit income, net ) ) ) Income from transition services agreement (Note 2) ) ) Other expense (income), net ) ) (Loss) earnings from continuing operations before income taxes ) ) Income tax (benefit) expense ) ) (Loss) earnings from continuing operations, net of tax ) ) Earnings from discontinued operations before gain on disposal, net of tax Gain on disposal of discontinued operations, net of tax Total earnings from discontinued operations, net of tax Net (loss) earnings ) ) Earnings per share: Basic (loss) earnings per share from continuing operations ) ) Basic earnings per share from discontinued operations Basic (loss) earnings per share ) ) Diluted (loss) earnings per share from continuing operations ) ) Diluted earnings per share from discontinued operations Diluted (loss) earnings per share ) ) Weighted average shares outstanding: Basic Diluted 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

63 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 
 KAMAN CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 (In thousands) 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net (loss) earnings ) ) Other comprehensive income, net of tax: Foreign currency translation adjustments and other ) Pension plan adjustments, net of tax (benefit) expense of ), , and , respectively 
 ) Other comprehensive (loss) income ) Total comprehensive (loss) income ) ) 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 64 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY 
 KAMAN CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 (In thousands, except share amounts) 
 Common Stock Additional Paid-In Retained Accumulated Other Comprehensive Treasury Stock Total Shareholders' Shares Capital Earnings Income (Loss) Shares Equity Balance at December 31, 2019 ) ) Net loss ) ) Other comprehensive income Dividends (per share of common stock, 
 ) ) Purchase of treasury shares 
 ) ) Employee stock plans ) Share-based compensation expense ) Balance at December 31, 2020 ) ) Net earnings Other comprehensive income Dividends (per share of common stock, 
 ) ) Impact of change in tax accounting standard Purchase of treasury shares 
 ) ) Employee stock plans ) Share-based compensation expense ) Balance at December 31, 2021 ) ) Net loss ) ) Other comprehensive loss ) ) Dividends (per share of common stock, 
 ) ) Impact of change in debt accounting standard (Note 1) ) ) Purchase of treasury shares 
 ) ) Employee stock plans Share-based compensation expense ) Balance at December 31, 2022 ) ) 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 65 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 KAMAN CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 (In thousands) 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Cash flows from operating activities: Net (loss) earnings ) ) Less: Total earnings from discontinued operations, net of tax (Loss) earnings from continuing operations, net of tax ) ) Adjustments to reconcile (loss) earnings from continuing operations, net of tax to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Amortization of debt issuance costs Accretion of convertible notes discount Provision for doubtful accounts Impairment on assets held for sale (Gain) loss on sale of business ) ) Net loss (gain) on sale of assets ) Goodwill and other intangible assets impairment Program inventory impairment Program contract costs impairment Net loss (gain) on derivative instruments ) Stock compensation expense Non-cash consideration received for blade exchange ) Deferred income taxes ) ) Changes in assets and liabilities, excluding effects of acquisitions/divestitures: Accounts receivable ) Contract assets ) ) Contract costs Inventories ) ) ) Income tax refunds receivable ) ) Operating right of use assets Other assets ) Accounts payable - trade ) ) Contract liabilities ) ) Operating lease liabilities ) ) ) Acquired retention plan payments ) Other current liabilities ) ) Income taxes payable ) Pension liabilities ) ) ) Other long-term liabilities ) ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Proceeds from sale of discontinued operations Proceeds from sale of business, net of cash on hand ) Expenditures for property, plant equipment ) ) ) Acquisition of businesses ) ) Investment in Near Earth Autonomy ) Other, net ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Borrowings under revolving credit agreement Repayments under revolving credit agreement ) ) Purchase of treasury shares ) ) ) Dividends paid ) ) ) Debt issuance costs ) Other, net Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) ) Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents ) ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents ) ) Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of period (See Note 2) Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period (See Note 2) 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 66 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

1. 
 
 business segments: Engineered Products, Precision Products and Structures. 
 
 million in assets were written off and the remaining loss related to the anticipated sale of the disposal group of million was accrued for in liabilities held for sale, current portion on the Company's Consolidated Balance Sheets, resulting in a total loss of million recorded to impairment on assets held for sale on the Company's Consolidated Statement of Operations in the year ended December 31, 2020. The related liabilities of the UK division to be sold were reclassified to liabilities held for sale, respectively, as of December 31, 2020 on the Company's Consolidated Balance Sheets. The Company sold its UK Composites division in a transaction that closed on February 2, 2021. An additional loss of million was recorded to (gain) loss on sale of business in the year ended December 31, 2021. See Note 2, Disposals , to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information. 
 
 and , respectively. The corresponding correction, totaling , was recorded in fiscal year 2020. This correction was not material to the prior period financial statements. 

67 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - Continued 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

 individual customer accounted for more than of consolidated accounts receivable. In the year ended December 31, 2022, individual customer, The Boeing Company, accounted for more than of consolidated net sales, which were primarily made by the Engineered Products and Structures segments. In the year December 31, 2021, individual customers, the U.S. Government ("USG") and a joint programmable fuze ("JPF") direct commercial sales ("DCS") customer, accounted for more than of consolidated net sales. In 2021, sales to the USG were primarily made by the Engineered Products and Precision Products segment, while sales to a JPF DCS customer were made by the Precision Products segment. Foreign sales were approximately , and of the Company s net sales in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and are concentrated in Germany, the Middle East, United Kingdom, Canada, Switzerland, France, China and Japan. 
 
 million. Non-cash investing activities in 2022 include an accrual of million for purchases of property and equipment. Non-cash financing activities in 2022 include an adjustment to other comprehensive income related to the underfunding of the pension and SERP plans. The total net adjustment was million, net of tax of million. Additionally, non-cash financing activities in 2022 include million of dividends declared but not yet paid. 
 
 Non-cash investing activities in 2021 include an accrual of million for purchases of property and equipment. Non-cash financing activities in 2021 include an adjustment to other comprehensive income related to the underfunding of the pension and SERP plans. The total net adjustment was million, net of tax of million. Additionally, non-cash financing activities in 2021 include million of dividends declared but not yet paid. 
 
 Non-cash financing activities in 2020 include an adjustment to other comprehensive income related to the underfunding of the pension and SERP plans. The total net adjustment was million, net of tax of million. Additionally, non-cash financing activities in 2020 include million of dividends declared but not yet paid. 
 
 The Company describes its pension obligations in more detail in Note 17, Pension Plans . 

68 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - Continued 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

69 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - Continued 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

 million, million and million in the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, due to changes in profit estimates. These decreases were primarily related to cost growth on certain legacy fuzing contracts and certain structures contracts, partially offset by favorable cost performance on the JPF contract with the USG. 
 
 Due to the nature of the work required to be performed on many of the Company's performance obligations, the estimation of total revenue and cost at completion is complex, subject to many variables and requires significant judgment. From time-to-time the Company enters into long-term contracts with the USG and other customers that contain award fees, incentive fees or other provisions that can either increase or decrease the transaction price. These variable amounts generally are awarded upon achievement of certain performance metrics, program milestones or cost targets and can be based upon customer discretion. The Company estimates variable consideration at the most likely amount to which it expects to be entitled. Estimated amounts are included in the transaction price to the extent it is probable that a significant reversal of cumulative revenue recognized will not occur when the uncertainty associated with the variable consideration is resolved. Estimates of variable consideration and determination of whether to include estimated amounts in the transaction price are based largely on an assessment of the Company's anticipated performance and all information (historical, current and forecasted) that is reasonably available. The Company does not include financing components as variable consideration if less than one year. At December 31, 2022, the Company did not have any significant financing components. 
 
 Contracts are often modified to account for changes in contract specifications and requirements. The Company considers contract modifications to exist when the modification either creates new or makes changes to the existing enforceable rights and obligations. Contract modifications for goods or services that are not distinct from the existing contract are accounted for as if they were part of that existing contract. In these cases, the effect of the contract modification on the transaction price and the measure of progress for the performance obligation to which it relates is recognized as an adjustment to revenue (either as an increase in or a reduction of revenue) on a cumulative catch-up basis, except when such modifications relate to a performance obligation that is a series of substantially the same distinct goods or services. If the modification relates to a performance obligation for a series of substantially the same distinct goods or services, the modification is treated prospectively. Contract modifications for goods or services that are considered distinct from the existing contract are accounted for as separate contracts. The Company applied the practical expedient for any contracts that were modified prior to January 1, 2018; therefore, the contracts were not restated retrospectively for those modifications. 

70 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - Continued 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

million and million of Level 1 (quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities) money market funds. 
 
 Bank overdraft positions, which occur when total outstanding issued checks exceed available cash balances at a single financial institution at the end of a reporting period, are reclassified to other current liabilities within the consolidated balance sheets. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had bank overdrafts of million and million, respectively, included in other current liabilities. 
 
 types of accounts receivable: (a) Trade receivables, which consist of amounts billed and currently due from customers; (b) USG contracts, which consist of (1) amounts billed, and (2) costs and accrued profit not billed; and (c) Commercial and other government contracts, which consist of (1) amounts billed, and (2) costs and accrued profit not billed. The Company's receivables, net, consist of amounts billed and currently due from customers. The amounts due are stated at their net estimated realizable value. 

71 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - Continued 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

million of contract costs associated with this program in the year ended December 31, 2022. This amount was included in program contract costs impairment on the Company's Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 
 million of inventory associated with this program in the year ended December 31, 2022. This amount was included in program inventory impairment on the Company's Consolidated Statements of Operations. The amount written off was comprised of a lower of cost or net realizable value write down on three unsold aircraft and unusable inventory. Unusable inventory includes long lead parts made specifically for the production of the K-MAX for which there are no alternative uses and spare parts and blades that were in excess of the amounts needed to support the existing fleet. 
 
 to years and for leasehold improvements range from to years, whereas machinery, office furniture and equipment generally have useful lives ranging from to years. At the time of retirement or disposal, the acquisition cost of the asset and related accumulated depreciation are eliminated and any gain or loss is credited to or charged against income. 
 
 Long-lived assets, such as property, plant and equipment and purchased intangible assets subject to amortization, are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. If circumstances require a long-lived asset be tested for possible impairment, the Company first compares undiscounted cash flows expected to be generated by an asset to the carrying value of the asset. If the carrying value of the long-lived asset is not recoverable on an undiscounted cash flow basis, an impairment is recognized to the extent that the carrying value exceeds its fair value. Fair value is determined through various valuation techniques including discounted cash flow models, quoted market values and third-party independent appraisals, as considered necessary. 
 
 Maintenance and repair items are charged against income as incurred, whereas renewals and betterments are capitalized and depreciated. 

72 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - Continued 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

73 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - Continued 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

 million below its carrying value; therefore, goodwill was impaired. In the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded a goodwill impairment charge of million for the KPP-Orlando reporting unit. This impairment charge was included in goodwill and other intangibles impairment on the Company's Statement of Operations and other unallocated expenses, net in Note 4, Segment and Geographic Information . An additional million of goodwill remains at this reporting unit. 
 
 During 2020, the Company identified a triggering event for possible impairment for the Aerosystems reporting unit based on a decline in earnings compared to forecasts used in prior periods and updated forecasts, which indicated the forecasted cash flows for this reporting unit were lower than amounts previously forecasted. Management performed a quantitative analysis on the Aerosystems reporting unit using an income methodology based on estimates of forecasted cash flows, with those cash flows discounted to present value using rates commensurate with the risks associated with those cash flows. In addition, management used a market-based valuation method involving analysis of market multiples of revenues and earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization ("EBITDA") for (i) a group of comparable companies and (ii) recent transactions, if any, involving comparable companies. The quantitative analysis resulted in a conclusion that the fair value of the Aerosystems reporting unit was million below its carrying value. In the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company recorded a goodwill impairment charge of million for the Aerosystems reporting unit, which represented the entire goodwill balance for the reporting unit. 
 74 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - Continued 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

million. The Company expects to recognize revenue on approximately million of this amount over the next 12 months, with the remaining amount to be recognized thereafter. At December 31, 2021, the aggregate amount of the transaction price allocated to backlog was million. 
 
 million per claim, workers compensation is limited to million per claim and for product/general liability the limit is million per claim. The Company pays a fixed premium for its auto liability policy; therefore, there is no deductible on claims. The cost of such benefits is recognized as expense based on claims filed in each reporting period and an estimate of claims incurred but not reported IBNR during such period. The estimates for the IBNR are based upon historical trends and information provided to us by the claims administrators, and are periodically revised to reflect changes in loss trends. These amounts are included in other current liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 Liabilities associated with these claims are estimated in part by considering historical claims experience, severity factors and other actuarial assumptions. Projections of future losses are inherently uncertain because of the random nature of insurance claim occurrences and the potential for differences between actual developments and actuarial assumptions. Such self-insurance accruals will likely include claims for which the ultimate losses will be settled over a period of years. 

million in 2022, million in 2021 and million in 2020. 

75 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - Continued 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

76 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - Continued 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

77 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - Continued 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

 Liabilities Long-term debt, excluding current portion, net of debt issuance costs (2) 
 Equity Additional paid-in capital (3) 
 ) Retained earnings (4) 
 
 (1) Reflects the removal of the deferred tax liability associated with the portion of the convertible notes recorded to equity. 
 (2) Reflects the adjustment to the total carrying value of the convertible senior notes to the full principal amount of the convertible notes outstanding net of issuance costs. 
 (3) Reflects the removal of the equity component separately recorded for the conversion features associated with the convertible notes. 
 (4) Reflects the cumulative-effect adjustment recorded to retained earnings as of January 1, 2022 as a result of adopting ASU 2020-06 using the modified retrospective method. 
 
 Beginning in 2022, the Company began calculating diluted EPS using the if-converted method for its convertible debt instruments, which is not expected to have a material impact on the consolidated results. Historically, the Company used the treasury stock method to calculate diluted EPS for its convertible debt instruments. In the year ended December 31, 2022, there was no impact as diluted loss per share calculated to , using both the if-converted method and treasury stock method. Refer to Note 14, Debt, for further information on the Company's convertible notes. 
 
 Recent Accounting Standards Yet to be Adopted 
 
 In March 2022, the FASB issued ASU 2022-01, "Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815): Fair Value Hedging-Portfolio Layer Method". The amendments in this standard update expand the current last-of-layer method of hedge accounting that permits only one hedged layer to allow multiple hedged layers of a single closed portfolio. This standard update is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2022, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted on any date on or after the issuance of this update for any entity that has adopted the amendments in ASU 2017-12 for the corresponding period. If an entity adopts the amendments in an interim period, the effect of adopting the amendments related to basis adjustments should be reflected as of the beginning of the fiscal year of adoption. The adoption of this standard update is not expected to have a material impact on the Company's consolidated financial statements; however, the impact will be dependent on future hedging activity. 

78 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - Continued 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

million, which was included in (gain) loss on sale of business on the Company's Consolidated Statement of Operations. 
 
 UK Composites Business 
 
 In the fourth quarter of 2020, the Company received approval from its Board of Directors to sell its UK Composites division. Subsequent to the end of the year, the Company sold its UK Composites division in a transaction that closed on February 2, 2021. The sale of the UK Composites business did not meet the criteria set forth in ASC 205-20 , for discontinued operations as it did not reflect a significant strategic shift that would have a major effect on the Company's operations and financial results. As a result of the approved plan, the UK Composites division met the criteria set forth in ASC 205-20 for held for sale presentation. The related liabilities of the UK division to be sold were reclassified to liabilities held for sale, as of December 31, 2020 on the Company's Consolidated Balance Sheets. Financial results for the UK Composites division were included in the Structures segment for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 within Note 4, Segment and Geographic Information . 

79 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - Continued 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

 such triggering events were identified in 2021. At December 31, 2020, the assets of the Company's former UK Composites business were considered impaired as the estimated fair value of the business based on the anticipated sale was lower than the estimated carrying value of the UK Composites business. 
 
 The following table provides information on the loss recorded on the sale of the UK Composites business. These amounts reflect the balance sheet of the UK Composites business as of February 2, 2021. 
 
 In thousands 
 Estimated fair value Assets, including cash on hand Liabilities Net book value of business UK cumulative foreign currency translation adjustment balance Transaction costs Loss on the sale of the UK Composites business 
 
 Of this amount, a loss of million was recorded to impairment on assets held for sale in the year ended December 31, 2020 and a loss of million was recorded to (gain) loss on sale of business in the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash at the beginning of the period on the Company s Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows for the year ended December 31, 2021 includes million of cash that was included in the UK Composites business disposal group. However, given the assets of the disposal group are recognized net of the impairment charge recorded in December 31, 2020, such amounts were not reflected on the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheet at December 31, 2020. 
 
 UK Tooling 
 
 In 2018, the Company sold its UK Tooling business as part of Composites restructuring activities. This divestiture did not qualify for the reporting of discontinued operations. In the year ended December 31, 2019, the Company incurred a loss of million associated with the write-off of note receivables recorded in 2018 for the remaining amounts to be collected on the sale of the UK Tooling business as this balance was deemed not likely to be collected. In the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company collected million of the note receivables written off in 2019. These charges were included in (gain) loss on the sale of business on the Company's Consolidated Statements of Operations and other unallocated expenses, net in Note 4, Segment and Geographic Information . 
 
 Distribution Business 
 
 On August 26, 2019, the Company completed the sale of its Distribution business for total cash consideration of million, excluding certain working capital adjustments. The sale of the Distribution business was a result of the Company's shift in strategy to be a highly focused, technologically differentiated aerospace and engineered products company. As a result of the sale, the Distribution segment met the criteria set forth in ASC 205-20 for discontinued operations. 

80 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - Continued 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

 million in costs and earned million in income associated with the TSA. The Company incurred million and million in costs associated with the TSA in 2021 and 2020, respectively, which was included in costs from transition services agreement on the Company's Consolidated Statement of Operations. The Company earned million and million in income associated with the TSA in 2021 and 2020, respectively, which was included in income from transition services agreement on the Company's Consolidated Statement of Operations. 
 
 Since the sale of the Distribution business, cash outflows from the Company to its former Distribution business totaled million through December 31, 2022, which primarily related to Distribution employee and employee-related costs incurred prior to the sale. For the year ended December 31, 2022, there were no cash flows from the Company to its former Distribution business. Cash outflows from the Company to its former Distribution business after the sale totaled million and million, for the years ended December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020, respectively. Since the sale of the Distribution business, cash inflows from the Company's former Distribution business to the Company totaled million through December 31, 2022, which primarily related to cash received for services performed under the TSA and the million working capital adjustment settled in the first quarter of 2020. For the year ended December 31, 2022, cash inflows from the Company's former Distribution business were not material. Cash inflows from the Company's former Distribution business after the sale totaled million and million for the years ended December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020, respectively. 
 
 In the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company recorded a pretax gain on disposal of discontinued operations as a result of the final settlement of the working capital adjustment, partially offset by transaction costs. The pretax gain of million was subject to income tax expense of million, resulting in a gain on disposal of discontinued operations, net of tax of million for the year ended December 31, 2020, which was included in the Company's Consolidated Statement of Operations. As the gain on the sale of the Distribution business was finalized in 2020, no activity aside from the TSA activity and cash flows discussed above impacted the Company's Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

million. Aircraft Wheel and Brake is a leader in the design, development, qualification, manufacturing and assembly, product support and repair of wheels, brakes and related hydraulic components for fixed-wing aircraft and rotorcraft. With this acquisition, the Company has expanded its portfolio of engineered products, broadening the number of offerings available to serve customers across a range of critical applications and has increased the Company's exposure within the aerospace and defense end markets. 

81 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - Continued 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

 Contract assets Inventories Property, plant and equipment Goodwill Other intangible assets Contract costs, noncurrent Liabilities ) Net assets acquired Less cash received Net consideration 
 (1) Gross accounts receivable at the acquisition date and the amount of receivables expected to be collected are materially the same. 
 
 The preliminary purchase price allocation for the Acquisition was based upon a preliminary valuation and the Company's estimates and assumptions for this acquisition are subject to change as the Company obtains additional information during the measurement period. During the fourth quarter, the Company adjusted certain assumptions used to value the identifiable intangible assets. These changes resulted in an increase to goodwill of million and a decrease to other intangible assets of million when compared to the third quarter of 2022. The principal area of the purchase price allocation that was not yet finalized as of December 31, 2022 related to the finalization of the working capital adjustment. Subsequent to December 31, 2022, the Company paid Parker an additional million for the working capital adjustment finalized in the first quarter of 2023, which will result in an increase to goodwill. These purchase price allocations will be finalized within the one-year measurement period. 
 
 The goodwill associated with this acquisition is tax deductible and is the result of expected synergies from combining the operations of the acquired business with the Company's operations and intangible assets that do not qualify for separate recognition, such as an assembled workforce. The goodwill associated with this acquisition was recognized in the Engineered Products segment. 
 
 The fair value of the identifiable intangible assets totaling million, consisting of customer relationships and acquired backlog, was determined using the income approach, specifically, a multi-period excess earnings method. The fair value of the customer relationships of million is being amortized based on the economic period of benefit over periods ranging from to years, and the fair value of the backlog of million is being amortized based on the economic period of benefit over a period of two years. These amortization periods represent the estimated useful life of the assets. 
 
 The Company determines the useful lives of the intangibles through contracting with a third party valuation expert and discussions with the management team of the Acquisition. As the Acquisition specializes in wheels, brakes and related hydraulic components for helicopters, fixed-wing and UAV aircraft, it was determined that a useful life range of to years for customer relationships was reasonable, as the length of customer relationships are typically longer given the nature of the industry and the useful lives of aircraft. Considerations were also given to the history of serving on the programs, nature of competition, probability of renewals, sole source positions, information on the strength of the incumbency, nature of the aircraft program, and corroborated the program forecast duration with information from Forecast International, General Aviation Manufacturer Association data, Federal Aviation Administration data, as well as Department of Defense disclosures. 
 
 Aircraft Wheel and Brake's results of operations have been included in the Company's financial statements for the period subsequent to the completion of the acquisition on September 16, 2022. Aircraft Wheel and Brake contributed million of revenue and million of operating loss for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

82 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - Continued 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

 million. Bal Seal is a leader in the design, development, and manufacturing of highly engineered products, including precision springs, seals, and contacts. With this acquisition, the Company has significantly expanded its portfolio of engineered products and offerings while creating new opportunities to reach customers in medical technology, aerospace and defense, and industrial end markets. 
 
 Restricted cash Accounts receivable Contract assets Inventories Property, plant and equipment Operating right-of-use asset Other tangible assets Goodwill Other intangible assets Liabilities ) Net assets acquired Less cash received ) Net consideration 
 
 The goodwill associated with this acquisition is tax deductible and is the result of expected synergies from combining the operations of the acquired business with the Company's operations and intangible assets that do not qualify for separate recognition, such as an assembled workforce. 
 
 The fair value of the identifiable intangible assets of million, consisting of customer relationships, developed technologies, trade name and acquired backlog, was determined using the income approach. Specifically, a multi-period, excess earnings method was utilized for the customer relationships and backlog and the relief-from-royalty method was utilized for the trade name and developed technologies. The fair value of the customer relationships, million, is being amortized based on the economic pattern of benefit over periods ranging from to years; the fair value of the developed technologies, million, is being amortized on a straight-line basis over periods ranging from to years; the fair value of the trade name, million, is being amortized on a straight-line basis over a year term; and the fair value of the acquired backlog, million, was amortized on a straight-line basis over a period of year. These amortization periods represent the estimated useful lives of the assets. 
 
 Bal Seal makes custom seals, springs and electrical contacts that improve the performance and reliability of critical equipment in the following key end markets: Medical Implantables, Medical Devices, Analytical Instruments, Aerospace Defense and Industrials, Energy Transformation. To determine the useful lives of the intangible assets for each of these end markets management obtained historical revenue data by customer. With the assistance of a third party valuation expert, management estimated the periods over which the Company expects to realize a majority of the future cash flows and determined useful lives ranging from to years was reasonable. Considerations were given to the consistent historical revenue growth from existing customers coupled with low customer attrition in deriving useful lives for customer relationship assets. Additionally, in the review of historical data and in discussions with Bal Seal management, management identified that Bal Seal had several customers with generational relationships which also led to the conclusion that longer useful lives were appropriate. 

83 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - Continued 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

 million in costs accrued for its employee retention plans in other long term liabilities. Upon closing, the Company funded million associated with these employee retention plans into escrow accounts. This amount and related interest was included in restricted cash on the Company's Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2020. Eligible participants received an allocation of the escrow balance one year following the acquisition date, which was reflected in the Company's cash flows from operating activities in the year ended December 31, 2021. In addition to the purchase price of million, the Company incurred million in compensation expense associated with these retention plans in the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 
 Bal Seal's results of operations have been included in the Company's financial statements for the period subsequent to the completion of the acquisition on January 3, 2020. Bal Seal contributed million of revenue and million of operating loss for the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 
 (Loss) earnings from continuing operations ) ) Net (loss) earnings ) ) 
 
 These pro forma results include adjustments such as inventory step-up, amortization of acquired intangible assets, depreciation of acquired plant, property, and equipment and interest expense on debt financing in connection with the Acquisition. Material pro forma adjustments directly attributable to the acquisition of Aircraft Wheel and Brake for the year ended December 31, 2022 include: 
 
 Increase in amortization of million relating to intangible assets acquired; 
 Decrease in selling, general administrative costs of million relating to transaction costs for the Acquisition; 
 Increase in interest expense of million relating to debt financing in connection with the Acquisition; 
 Decrease in cost of sales of million relating to the step-up of acquired inventory; and 
 Decrease in income tax expense of million relating to the above adjustments. 
 
 Material pro forma adjustments directly attributable to the acquisition of Aircraft Wheel and Brake for the year ended December 31, 2021 include: 
 
 Increase in amortization of million relating to intangible assets acquired; 
 Increase in selling, general administrative costs of million relating to transaction costs for the Acquisition; 
 Increase in interest expense of million relating to debt financing in connection with the Acquisition; 
 Increase in cost of sales of million relating to the step-up of acquired inventory; and 
 Decrease in income tax expense of million relating to the above adjustments. 

84 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - Continued 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

 million associated with Bal Seal's employee retention plans; 
 Decrease in selling, general administrative costs of million relating to transaction costs; 
 Decrease in cost of sales of million relating to the step-up of acquired inventory; 
 Decrease in amortization of million relating to intangible assets acquired; and 
 Increase of income tax expense of million relating to the above adjustments. 
 
 Investments 
 
 Near Earth Autonomy 
 
 On June 22, 2022, the Company invested million in Near Earth Autonomy, Inc. ("Near Earth"), in exchange for a minority interest in the outstanding equity of Near Earth and one seat on its Board of Directors. This investment supports Near Earth's mission to accelerate its technology to establish an industry standard in autonomous solutions for the next generation of aviation and leverages the Company's core competency in precision parts manufacturing as the preferred manufacturer of autonomous parts and components for Near Earth. Near Earth has been a partner on the Company's autonomous technology since 2019, most recently for the KARGO UAV unmanned aerial system, a purpose built autonomous medium lift logistics vehicle. 
 
 In accordance with ASC 321 - Investments - Equity Securities, the Company elected to apply the measurement alternative and accounted for the investment as an equity interest, initially measured at cost. The investment was included in Investment in Near Earth Autonomy on the Company's Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022. Upon observable transaction prices or impairment, the Company will remeasure the investment at fair value. 

85 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - Continued 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

 Precision Products Structures Net sales (1) 
 Operating income (loss): Engineered Products Precision Products Structures ) ) ) Corporate expense ) ) ) Other unallocated expenses, net (2) 
 ) ) ) Operating (loss) income ) ) Interest expense, net Non-service pension and post retirement benefit income, net ) ) ) Income from transition services agreement ) ) Other expense (income), net ) ) (Loss) earnings from continuing operations before income taxes ) ) 
 (1) Net sales under contracts with USG agencies (including sales to foreign governments through foreign military sales contracts with USG agencies) totaled million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and represent direct and indirect sales to the USG and related agencies. 
 (2) Other unallocated expenses, net include program inventory impairment, goodwill and other intangibles impairments, impairment on assets held for sale, program contract costs impairment, costs from the TSA, cost of acquired retention plans, restructuring and severance costs, net gain (loss) on sale of business, and net loss (gain) on sale of assets. 

86 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - Continued 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

 Safe and Arm Devices Commercial, Business, General Aviation Medical Industrial Other Total revenue 2021 Engineered Products Precision Products Structures Total Defense Safe and Arm Devices Commercial, Business, General Aviation Medical Industrial Other Total revenue 2020 Engineered Products Precision Products Structures Total Defense Safe and Arm Devices Commercial, Business, General Aviation Medical Industrial Other Total revenue 

87 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - Continued 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

 Aftermarket Safe and Arm Devices Total revenue 2021 Engineered Products Precision Products Structures Total Original Equipment Manufacturer Aftermarket Safe and Arm Devices Total revenue 2020 Engineered Products Precision Products Structures Total Original Equipment Manufacturer Aftermarket Safe and Arm Devices Total revenue 
 
 The timing related to the satisfaction of performance obligations and the typical timing of payment could vary between military, safe and arm devices and commercial, medical and industrial contracts. For military and safe and arm device contracts with the USG, payment terms typically include progress payments, and the satisfaction of these performance obligations does not vary significantly from timing of payment. For firm-fixed price military and safe and arm device contracts with foreign militaries, the satisfaction of performance obligations could occur at a point in time or over time, depending on the nature of the performance obligations and the right to payment terms in the contracts. Generally, payment terms for these types of contracts range from to from delivery; however, at times, the Company may negotiate advance payments to cover a portion of the initial costs. Payment terms for firm-fixed price commercial, medical and industrial contracts generally range from to from delivery. The satisfaction of these performance obligations could occur at a point in time or over time, depending on the nature of the performance obligations and the right to payment terms in the contracts. For certain commercial contracts, the Company may negotiate advance payments for long-lead materials. 
 
 Precision Products Structures Total research and development costs 
 88 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - Continued 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

 Precision Products Structures Corporate (2) 
 Total assets Capital expenditures: Engineered Products Precision Products Structures Corporate Total capital expenditures Depreciation and amortization (3): 
 Engineered Products Precision Products Structures Corporate Total depreciation and amortization 
 (1) Identifiable assets are year-end assets at their respective net carrying values segregated as to segment and corporate use. 
 (2) For the periods presented, the corporate identifiable assets are principally comprised of cash, short-term and long-term deferred income tax assets, cash surrender value of life insurance policies and fixed assets. 
 (3) Depreciation and amortization amounts exclude amortization of debt issuance costs. 
 
 Geographic Information 
 
 Europe Middle East Asia Oceania Other Total revenue 

89 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - Continued 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

 Germany Czech Republic Mexico Netherlands Switzerland Hong Kong Total long-lived assets (1) 
 
 (1) For the purpose of this disclosure the Company excluded deferred tax assets of million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

5. 
 
 Provision Cash payments Restructuring accrual balance at December 31, 2022 (1) 
 
 (1) Of the above accrual balance, million was included in other long-term liabilities on the Company's Consolidated Balance Sheets. The remainder is included in other current liabilities. 
 
 Cost Reduction Initiative 
 
 The Company continues to evaluate its cost structure with the objective of a lean organizational structure that improves operational efficiency and provides a scalable infrastructure which facilitates future growth opportunities. The Company has identified workforce reductions and other reductions in certain general and administrative expenses to support the cost savings initiative. In the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, the Company incurred million, million, and million, respectively, related to this initiative. 
 90 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - Continued 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

 million as it integrated the acquisition of Bal Seal, million in association with workforce reductions in response to the unprecedented hardships brought on by COVID-19, and million in restructuring activities at certain composites businesses to support the ongoing effort of improving capacity utilization and operating efficiency to better position the Company for increased profitability and growth. 

6. 
 
 U.S. Government contracts: Billed Costs and accrued profit not billed Commercial and other government contracts: Billed Costs and accrued profit not billed Less allowance for doubtful accounts ) ) Accounts receivable, net 
 
 The Company performs ongoing evaluations of its customers current creditworthiness, as determined by the review of their credit information to determine if events have occurred subsequent to the recognition of revenue and the related receivable that provide evidence that such receivable will be realized in an amount less than that recognized at the time of sale. Estimates of credit losses are based on historical losses, current economic conditions, geographic considerations, and in some cases, evaluating specific customer accounts for risk of loss. Provision ) Additions attributable to acquisitions ) Amounts written off Recoveries Changes in foreign currency exchange rates Balance at December 31, 2022 
 ) 
 Total 

91 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - Continued 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

 7 
 
 Contract costs, current portion ) ) Contract costs, noncurrent portion ) ) Contract liabilities, current portion Contract liabilities, noncurrent portion 
 (1) The Company's contract assets were net of unliquidated progress payments, primarily from the U.S. Government, of million and million at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 
 Contract Assets 
 
 Contract assets remained relatively flat due to the recognition of revenue related to the satisfaction or partial satisfaction of performance obligations, particularly on certain structures contracts, during the year ended December 31, 2022, mostly offset by amounts billed on the JPF contract, the AH-1Z contract and the KAflex contract. There were no significant impairment losses related to the Company's contract assets during the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 

Contract Costs 
 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, costs to fulfill a contract were million and million, respectively. There were costs to obtain a contract at December 31, 2022 and 2021. These amounts are included in contract costs, current portion and contract costs, noncurrent portion on the Company's Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 
 
 Contract costs, current portion at December 31, 2022 decreased when compared to December 31, 2021. This was primarily the result of the amortization of contract costs, partially offset by the reclassification of costs to fulfill certain structures programs from contract costs, noncurrent portion. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, amortization of contract costs was million and million, respectively. 
 
 The decrease in contract costs, noncurrent portion was primarily attributable to the write-off of million of costs to fulfill the TITAN UAV unmanned aerial system program as the Company will discontinue production of this program. Additionally contributing to the decrease was the reclassification of costs to fulfill certain structures programs to contract costs, current portion . 

92 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - Continued 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

 million and million, respectively. 
 
 The increase in contract liabilities, noncurrent portion was due to advances received on the JPF program and the FireBurst TM enhanced fuzing capability program. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company did not recognize revenue against contract liabilities, noncurrent portion. Refer to Note 19, Commitments and Contingencies , for further information on the Company's offset agreements. 

8. 

(1) These amounts are classified within Level 2. 
 
 The above fair values were computed based on quoted market prices and discounted future cash flows (observable inputs), as applicable. Differences from carrying values are attributable to interest rate changes subsequent to when the transactions occurred. The fair values of cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, net, and accounts payable - trade approximate their carrying amounts due to the short-term maturities of these instruments. The Company's cash and cash equivalents at December 31, 2022 and 2021 included million and million, respectively, of Level 1 money market funds. 
 
 Recurring Fair Value Measurements 
 
 The Company holds derivative instruments for foreign exchange contracts that are measured at fair value using observable market inputs such as forward rates and our counterparties credit risks. Based on these inputs, the derivative instruments are classified within Level 2 of the valuation hierarchy and have been included in other current assets and other current liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. Based on the continued ability to trade and enter into forward contracts and interest rate swaps, the Company considers the markets for the fair value instruments to be active. 
 
 The Company evaluated the credit risk associated with the counterparties to these derivative instruments and determined that as of December 31, 2022, such credit risks have not had an adverse impact on the fair value of these instruments. 
 93 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - Continued 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

 million impairment charge associated with the write-off of inventory related to the K-MAX medium-to-heavy lift helicopter. Refer to Note 10, Inventories , for further information. 
 
 million impairment charge associated with its KPP-Orlando reporting unit. During 2020, the Company incurred a million impairment charge for its Aerosystems reporting unit. Refer to Note 12, Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets, Net 

9. 

94 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - Continued 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

 10. 
 
 Contracts in process: US Government Commercial and other government contracts Contracts and other work in process (including certain general stock materials) Finished goods Inventories 
 
 Inventories include amounts associated with matters such as contract changes, negotiated settlements and claims for unanticipated contract costs. There were no such matters at December 31, 2022. These items totaled million at December 31, 2021. 
 
 In December 2022, the Company began a review of all businesses and programs to increase efficiencies, improve working capital management and focus on sustainable and consistent revenue and profit generating activities. As a result of this review, the Company determined that it will discontinue the production of the K-MAX medium-to-heavy lift helicopters and K-MAX TITAN unmanned aerial system in 2023. The Company will continue to support the existing K-MAX fleet in operation, including providing operators with repair, spare parts and fleet services, as well as training. As a result of this decision, management wrote off million of inventory associated with these programs in the year ended December 31, 2022. This amount was included in program inventory impairment on the Company's Consolidated Statements of Operations. The amount written off was comprised of a lower of cost or net realizable value write down on three unsold aircraft and unusable inventory. Unusable inventory includes long lead parts made specifically for the production of the K-MAX for which there are no alternative uses and spare parts and blades that were in excess of the amounts needed to support the existing fleet. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, million and million, respectively, of K-MAX inventory was included in contracts and other work in process inventory and finished goods on the Company's Consolidated Balance Sheets. Management believes that approximately million of the K-MAX inventory will be sold after December 31, 2023, based upon supporting the fleet for the foreseeable future. 
 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, million and million, respectively, of SH-2G(I) inventory was included in contracts and other work in process inventory on the Company's Consolidated Balance Sheets. Management believes that approximately million of the SH-2G(I) inventory will be sold after December 31, 2023. This balance represents spares requirements and inventory to be used in SH-2G programs. 

95 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - Continued 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

 11. 
 
 Buildings Leasehold improvements Machinery, office furniture and equipment Construction in process Total Less accumulated depreciation ) ) Property, plant and equipment, net 
 
 Depreciation expense was million, million and million for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 Finance Leases 
 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, million and million, respectively, of assets included in machinery, office furniture and equipment and construction in process were accounted for as finance leases. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had accumulated depreciation of million and million, respectively, associated with these assets. Depreciation expense associated with the finance leases was million, million and million for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

96 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - Continued 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

 12. 
 
 Accumulated impairment ) ) Net balance at beginning of period Additions (1) 
 Impairments ) ) Foreign currency translation ) ) Net balance at end of period Accumulated impairment at end of period ) ) ) 
 (1) The additions to goodwill in the year ended December 31, 2022 were attributable to the acquisition of Aircraft Wheel and Brake. Refer to Note 3, Business Combinations and Investments , for further information on this acquisition. 

2021 Engineered Products Precision Products Structures Total In thousands Gross balance at beginning of period Accumulated impairment ) ) Net balance at beginning of period Additions Impairments Foreign currency translation ) ) Net balance at end of period Accumulated impairment at end of period ) ) 

97 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - Continued 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

2022 Analysis 
 
 Qualitative assessments were performed for the Specialty Bearings, Bal Seal and Aircraft Wheel and Brake reporting units, which took into consideration the following factors: general economic conditions, industry specific performance, changes in carrying values of the reporting units, the assessment of assumptions used in the previous fair value calculations and changes in transaction multiples. The results of these analyses indicated that it is more likely than not that goodwill is not impaired and these reporting units did not need to proceed to a quantitative assessment 
 In accordance with ASC 350, the Company evaluates goodwill for possible impairment on at least an annual basis. Additionally, the Company is required to evaluate goodwill for possible impairment testing if an event occurs or circumstances change that indicate that the fair value of the reporting entity may be below its carrying amount. In December 2022, the Company announced it will consolidate the production of JPF fuzes to its Middletown facility resulting in the closure of the Orlando facility in 2024 due to reduced demand as the JPF program continues to move through its life cycle. The Company considered the reduction in demand, as well as the updated forecasts for the reporting unit, which indicated the forecasted cash flows for the KPP-Orlando reporting unit were lower than amounts previously forecasted. Management performed a quantitative analysis on the KPP-Orlando reporting unit using an income methodology based on management's estimates of forecasted cash flows, with those cash flows discounted to present value using a rate commensurate with the risks associated with those cash flows. The quantitative analysis resulted in a conclusion that the fair value of the KPP-Orlando reporting unit was million below its carrying value; therefore, goodwill was impaired. In the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded a goodwill impairment charge of million for the KPP-Orlando reporting unit. This impairment charge was included in goodwill and other intangibles impairment on the Company's Statement of Operations and other unallocated expenses, net in Note 4, Segment and Geographic Information . An additional million of goodwill remains at this reporting unit. 
 
 In accordance with ASC 360, the Company is required to evaluate long-lived assets for possible impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that their carrying amounts may not be recoverable. In conjunction with the reduction in JPF demand and lower forecasted cash flows, the company evaluated the long-lived assets of the KPP-Orlando location for possible impairment. No such impairment was determined. 
 
 2021 Analysis 
 
 In 2021, the Company performed a qualitative assessment for the Specialty Bearings and KPP-Orlando reporting units, while a quantitative assessment was performed for the Bal Seal reporting unit. 
 
 The qualitative assessments performed for the Specialty Bearings and KPP-Orlando reporting units took into consideration the following factors: general economic conditions, industry specific performance, changes in carrying values of the reporting units, the assessment of assumptions used in the previous fair value calculations and changes in transaction multiples. The results of these analyses indicated that it is more likely than not that goodwill is not impaired and these reporting units did not need to proceed to a quantitative assessment. 
 
 The results of the quantitative analysis performed for the Bal Seal reporting unit indicated that the fair value of the reporting unit exceeded its respective carrying value. The Company performed a sensitivity analysis relative to the discount rate and growth rate selected and determined a decrease of percentage point in the terminal growth rate or an increase of percentage point in the discount rate would not result in a fair value calculation less than the carrying value. 
 
 2020 Analysis 
 
 The spread of COVID-19 and the precautionary measures instituted by governments and businesses to mitigate the risk of its spread contributed to the general slowdown in the global economy and significant volatility in financial markets, which resulted in a significant decrease in the Company's stock price and market capitalization in the first quarter of 2020. As COVID-19 continued to impact the organization throughout 2020 and the Company s stock price remained at a similar level, management assessed each reporting unit for triggering events for potential impairment on a quarterly basis. 
 
 98 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - Continued 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

 to the income approach and to the market-based valuation method was selected, consistent with quantitative analyses performed in prior periods. The estimated fair value of the reporting unit was adjusted based on an assumption of excess working capital, which represents management's identification of specific contract-related assets that will generate cash flows in the future. The quantitative analysis resulted in a conclusion that the fair value of the Aerosystems reporting unit was million below its carrying value; therefore, goodwill was impaired. In the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company recorded a goodwill impairment charge of million for the Aerosystems reporting unit, which represented the entire goodwill balance for the reporting unit. This impairment charge was included in goodwill and other intangibles impairment on the Company's Statement of Operations and other unallocated expenses, net in Note 4, Segment and Geographic Information . 
 
 Other Intangible Assets 
 
 - years 
 ) ) Developed technologies - years 
 ) ) Trademarks / trade names - years 
 ) ) Non-compete agreements and other - years 
 ) ) Patents years 
 ) ) Total ) ) 
 The increase in customer lists / relationships and non-compete agreements and other was primarily attributable to the acquisition of Aircraft Wheel and Brake. Refer to Note 3, Business Combinations and Investments , for further information on this acquisition. 
 
 Intangible asset amortization expense of million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, was included in intangible asset amortization expense on the Company's Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 
 99 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - Continued 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

13. 
 
 Net additions to accrual Payments ) ) Balance at December 31 
 
 Bloomfield 
 
 In August 2008, the Company completed its purchase of the portion of the Bloomfield campus that Kaman Aerospace Corporation had leased from NAVAIR for many years. In connection with the purchase, the Company has assumed responsibility for environmental remediation at the facility as may be required under the Connecticut Transfer Act (the Transfer Act and it continues the effort to define the scope of the remediation that will be required by the Connecticut Department of Energy and Environmental Protection CTDEEP ). The transaction was recorded by taking the undiscounted estimated remediation liability of million and discounting it at a rate of to its present value. The fair value of the Navy Property asset, which at that time approximated the discounted present value of the assumed environmental liability of million, is included in property, plant and equipment, net. This remediation process will take many years to complete. 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total 
 Other 
 
 In 2014, the Company sold its former manufacturing facility in Moosup, Connecticut to TD Development, LLC ("TD"). Although TD assumed contractual and statutory responsibility for the environmental remediation work required on this site, the Company may be liable for the cost of the investigation, remediation and abatement if TD does not complete them. The Company is currently unable to estimate the total costs necessary for such environmental work. There can be no assurance that this matter would not have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operation and cash flows. 
 
 100 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - Continued 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

14. 
 
 Convertible notes Total Less current portion Total excluding current portion 
 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the current and long-term debt balances on the Company's Consolidated Balance Sheets were net of debt issuance costs of million and million, respectively. 
 
 The weighted average interest rate on long-term borrowings outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. 
 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, million and million, respectively, of liabilities associated with our finance leases were included in other long-term liabilities. See Note 20, Leases, for further information. 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 
 
 Convertible Notes 
 
 Overview 
 
 During May 2017, the Company issued million aggregate principal amount of convertible senior unsecured notes due May 2024 (the "2024 Notes") pursuant to an indenture (the "Indenture"), dated May 12, 2017, between the Company and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee. In connection therewith, the Company entered into certain capped call transactions that cover, collectively, the number of shares of the Company's common stock underlying the 2024 Notes. 

101 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - Continued 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

 million in principal amount of 2024 Notes, in a private placement offering. On May 24, 2017, the Company issued an additional million in principal amount of 2024 Notes pursuant to the initial purchasers' exercise of their overallotment option, resulting in the issuance of an aggregate million principal amount of 2024 Notes. The 2024 Notes bear interest per annum on the principal amount, payable semiannually in arrears on May 1 and November 1 of each year, beginning on November 1, 2017. The 2024 Notes will mature on May 1, 2024, unless earlier repurchased by the Company or converted. The Company will settle any conversions of the 2024 Notes in cash, shares of the Company's common stock or a combination of cash and shares of common stock, at the Company's election. 
 
 The sale of the Distribution business in the third quarter of 2019 was deemed to be a "Fundamental Change" and a "Make-Whole Fundamental Change" pursuant to the terms and conditions of the indenture governing the 2024 Notes. As a result, the sale triggered the right of the holders of our 2024 Notes to require us to repurchase all of the 2024 Notes, or any portion thereof that is a multiple of principal amount on September 27, 2019. The aggregate principal amount of the 2024 Notes validly tendered and not validly withdrawn was million, representing of all outstanding notes. Holders of such notes receive the purchase price equal to 100 of the principal amount of the 2024 Notes being purchased, plus accrued and unpaid interest. 
 
 Conversion Price (2) 
 Contingent Conversion Price (3) 
 Aggregate shares to be issued upon conversion (4) 
 
 (1) Represents the number of shares of Common Stock hypothetically issuable per each principal amount of 2024 Notes, subject to adjustments upon the occurrence of certain specified events in accordance with the terms of the Indenture. 
 (2) Represents divided by the conversion rate as of such date. The conversion price reflects the strike price of the embedded option within the 2024 Notes. If the Company's share price exceeds the conversion price at conversion, the noteholders would be entitled to receive additional consideration either in cash, shares or a combination thereof, the form of which is at the sole discretion of the Company. 
 (3) Prior to November 1, 2023, the notes are convertible only in the following circumstances: (1) during any fiscal quarter commencing after July 1, 2017, and only during any such fiscal quarter, if the last reported sale price of the Company's common stock was greater than or equal to of the applicable conversion price for at least trading days (whether or not consecutive) during the consecutive trading days ending on, and including, the last trading day of the immediately preceding fiscal quarter, (2) during the five consecutive business day period following any ten consecutive trading day period (the "measurement period") in which the trading price per principal amount of 2024 Notes for each trading day of the measurement period was less than of the product of the last reported sale price of the Company's common stock and the conversion rate on each such trading day or (3) upon the occurrence of specified corporate events. On or after November 1, 2023, until the close of business on the second scheduled trading day immediately preceding the maturity date, holders may convert their notes at any time, regardless of the foregoing circumstances. If the Company undergoes a fundamental change (as defined in the Indenture), holders of the notes may require the Company to repurchase all or a portion of their notes for cash at a repurchase price equal to of the principal amount to be repurchased, plus any accrued and unpaid interest. As of December 31, 2022, none of the conditions permitting the holders of the 2024 Notes to convert had been met. Therefore, the 2024 Notes are classified as long-term debt. 
 (4) This represents the number of shares hypothetically issuable upon conversion of 100 of the outstanding aggregate principal amount of the 2024 Notes at each date; however, the terms of the 2024 Notes state that the Company may pay or deliver, as the case may be, cash, shares of the Company's common stock or a combination of cash and shares of common stock, at the Company's election. The Company currently intends to settle the aggregate principal amount in cash. Amounts due in excess of the principal, if any, also may be settled in cash, shares of the Company's common stock or a combination of cash and shares of common stock, at the Company's election. 

102 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - Continued 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 and the cap price are each subject to adjustment in certain circumstances. In connection with establishing their initial hedges of the capped call transactions, the option counterparties or their respective affiliates entered into various derivative transactions with respect to the Company s common stock concurrently with or shortly after the pricing of the notes. The capped call transactions, which cost an aggregate million, were recorded as a reduction of additional paid-in capital. 
 
 ASC Topic 815 - Derivatives and Hedging ("ASC 815") provides that contracts are initially classified as equity if (1) the contract requires physical settlement or net-share settlement, or (2) the contract gives the company a choice of net-cash settlement or settlement in its own shares (physical settlement or net-share settlement). The settlement terms of our capped call transactions require net-share settlement. Based on the guidance in ASC 815, the capped call transactions were recorded as a reduction of equity as of the trade date. ASC 815 states that a reporting entity shall not consider contracts to be derivative instruments if the contract issued or held by the reporting entity is both indexed to its own stock and classified in shareholders' equity in its balance sheet. The Company concluded the capped call transactions should be accounted for in shareholders' equity and are, therefore, not to be considered a derivative instrument. 
 
 At issuance, ASC 470-20 - Debt with Conversion and Other Options ASC 470-20 clarified the accounting for convertible debt instruments that may be settled in cash upon conversion, including partial cash settlement. ASC 470-20 specified that an issuer of such instruments should separately account for the liability and equity components of the instruments in a manner that reflects the issuer's non-convertible debt borrowing rate which interest costs are to be recognized in subsequent periods. The note payable principal balance for the 2024 Notes at the date of issuance of million was bifurcated into the debt component of million and the equity component of million. The difference between the note payable principal balance and the fair value of the debt component representing the debt discount was being accreted to interest expense over the term of the 2024 Notes. The fair value of the debt component was recognized using a discount rate, representing the Company's borrowing rate at the date of issuance for a similar debt instrument without a conversion feature with an expected life of seven years. At January 1, 2022, the Company adopted ASU 2020-06, which removed certain separation models between a debt component and equity component for certain convertible instruments. As a result, the convertible notes balance consists solely of a debt component as of the adoption. Refer to Note 1, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies , for further information on the cumulative effect adjustment recorded at adoption. 
 
 The Company incurred million of debt issuance costs in connection with the sale of the 2024 Notes, which was allocated between the debt and equity components of the instrument at issuance. Of the total amount, million was recorded as an offset to additional paid-in capital. The balance, million, was recorded as a contra-debt balance and was being amortized over the term of the 2024 Notes. As a result of the adoption of ASU 2020-06, the amount recorded to additional paid-in capital was reclassified to retained earnings in the cumulative effect adjustment recorded on January 1, 2022. The remaining balance of debt issuance costs is being amortized over the term of the convertible notes. Total amortization expense for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million. 

103 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - Continued 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

 Unamortized discount (1) 
 Carrying value of liability Equity component (1) 
 
 (1) At January 1, 2022, the Company adopted ASU 2020-06, which removed certain separation models between a debt component and equity component for certain convertible instruments. Refer to Note 1, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies , for further information on the cumulative effect adjustment recorded at adoption. 
 
 Because the embedded conversion option is indexed to the Company s own stock and would be classified in shareholders equity, it does not meet the criterion under ASC 815 that would require separate accounting as a derivative instrument. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the "if converted value" did not exceed the principal amount of the 2024 Notes since the closing sales price of the Company's common stock was less than the conversion price of the 2024 Notes. 
 
 Accretion of convertible notes discount (1) 
 Interest expense - convertible notes 
 (1) In accordance with ASU 2020-06, entities that previously required separate accounting for conversion features will report less interest expense as those conversion features were recorded as debt discounts which were amortized over the term of the debt. Refer to Note 1, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies , for further information on the adoption of ASU 2020-06. 

104 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - Continued 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

 million Credit Agreement (the "Credit Agreement") with JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent and as Collateral Agent. The Credit Agreement amends and restates the Company's previously existing credit facility in its entirety to, among other things: (i) extend the maturity date to December 13, 2024; (ii) increase the aggregate amount of revolving commitments from million to million; (iii) remove the existing term loan credit facility; (iv) modify the affirmative and negative covenants set forth in the facility; and (v) effectuate a number of additional modifications to the terms and provisions of the facility, including its pricing. Capitalized terms used but not defined within this Note 14, Debt , have the meanings ascribed thereto in the Credit Agreement. This agreement was further amended on December 8, 2021 to move its LIBOR benchmark for non-USD borrowings to other non-USD benchmark rates. On May 31, 2022, the Credit Agreement was further amended to, among other things, adjust the Total Net Leverage Ratio financial covenant in anticipation of the consummation of the announced acquisition of Parker's Aircraft Wheel and Brake division. Prior to the amendment, the Credit Agreement included a requirement that the Consolidated Total Net Leverage Ratio could not be greater than to , with an election to increase the maximum to to for consecutive quarters, in connection with a Material Permitted Investment. The financial covenant now requires for any period of consecutive fiscal quarters ending on or after the closing date of the acquisition of Parker's Aircraft Wheel and Brake division ("closing date"), the Consolidated Total Net Leverage Ratio, as defined in the Credit Agreement, cannot be greater than to for any period of consecutive quarters ending on or prior to the first anniversary of the closing date, to for any period of consecutive quarters ending after the first anniversary and on or prior to second anniversary of the closing date, and to for any period of consecutive quarters ending after the second anniversary of the closing date. In addition, the amendment adjusted the definitions of "permitted acquisition", "pro forma" and the "limited condition acquisition" provision, as applicable, to the acquisition of Parker's Aircraft Wheel and Brake division. As of December 31, 2022, the Consolidated Total Net Leverage Ratio was , as calculated in accordance with the Credit Agreement. 
 
 On November 10, 2022, the Credit Agreement was amended further to, among other things, amend certain definitions and other provisions (i) to replace the LIBOR-based benchmark rate for U.S. dollar denominated loans and other extensions of credit under the Credit Agreement with a secured overnight financing rate for specified interest periods plus a credit spread adjustment of 0.10 per annum for all interest periods (the Adjusted Term SOFR ), and (ii) to make revisions to the benchmark replacement provisions in the event that an existing interest rate benchmark is discontinued or otherwise non-representative. As a result of Amendment No. 3, (i) the Company may not borrow or continue any loan bearing interest at a rate determined by reference to LIBOR, and (ii) the Company s existing LIBOR loans shall remain outstanding as such in accordance with the provisions of the Second Amendment and Restated Credit Agreement prior to giving effect to Amendment No. 3 until the expiration of the interest period applicable thereto, at which time they may be converted to loans bearing interest by reference to Adjusted Term SOFR or the base rate. 
 
 In addition to the Consolidated Total Net Leverage Ratio, as defined in the Credit Agreement, discussed above, the financial covenants associated with the Credit Agreement also include a requirement that (i) the Interest Coverage Ratio cannot be less than to ; and (ii) Liquidity: (a) as of the last day of the fiscal quarter ending on or about September 30, 2023 cannot be less than an amount equal to of the aggregate principal amount of the 2024 Convertible Notes as of such date, and (b) as of the last day of the fiscal quarter ending on December 31, 2023 and ending on or about March 29, 2024, to be less than the amount equal to of the aggregate principal amount of the 2024 Convertible Notes as of such day. The Company was in compliance with those financial covenants as of and for the quarter ended December 31, 2022, and management does not anticipate noncompliance in the foreseeable future. 
 
 The Credit Agreement permits the Company to pay cash dividends. The Lenders have been granted a security interest in substantially all of the Company s and its domestic subsidiaries personal property and other assets (including intellectual property but excluding real estate), including a pledge of of the Company s equity interest in certain foreign subsidiaries and of the Company s equity interest in its domestic subsidiaries, as collateral for the Company s obligations under the Credit Agreement. 

105 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - Continued 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

 Amounts outstanding, excluding letters of credit Amounts available for borrowing, excluding letters of credit Letters of credit under the credit facility (1)(2) 
 Amounts available for borrowing Amounts available for borrowing subject to EBITDA, as defined by the Credit Agreement (3) 
 
 (1) The Company has entered into standby letters of credit issued on the Company's behalf by financial institutions, and directly issued guarantees to third parties primarily related to advances received from customers and the guarantee of future performance on certain contracts. Letters of credit generally are available for draw down in the event the Company does not perform its obligations, but are not included in the calculation of available for borrowing subject to EBITDA, as defined by the Credit Agreement. 
 (2) Of these amounts, million and million letters of credit relate to a certain JPF DCS contract in 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 (3) Amounts available for borrowing subject to EBITDA reflect the minimum borrowing capacity as calculated in accordance with the terms of our Credit Agreement for EBITDA, subject to adjustments. 
 
 Debt issuance costs in connection with the Credit Agreement have been capitalized and are being amortized over the term of the agreement. The Company incurred million of debt issuance costs in connection with the amendment and restatement of the Credit Agreement in the year ended December 31, 2019. An additional million of debt issuance costs were incurred in connection with the amendments of the Credit Agreement in 2022. Total amortization expense for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively. 
 
 Interest rates on amounts outstanding under the Credit Agreement are variable, and are determined based on the Senior Secured Net Leverage Ratio, as defined in the Credit Agreement. In addition, the Company is required to pay a quarterly commitment fee on the unused revolving loan commitment amount at a rate ranging from to per annum, based on the Senior Secured Net Leverage Ratio. Fees for outstanding letters of credit range from to , based on the Senior Secured Net Leverage Ratio. At December 31, 2022 , there was million outstanding on the revolving credit facility. At December 31, 2022, the interest rate was . At December 31, 2021, there were no outstanding amounts on the revolving credit facility; therefore, the interest rate was . 
 
 The Company's Credit Agreement contains floating rate obligations and is subject to interest rate fluctuations. Since the Company's borrowing under the revolver for the acquisition of Aircraft Wheel and Brake in the third quarter of 2022 through December 31, 2022, the weighted-average interest rate under the revolver was . In late 2022, the Company entered into interest rate swap agreements with a notional value of million, effective January 1, 2023, for the purposes of hedging the eight quarterly variable-rate Credit Agreement interest payments due in 2023 and 2024. These interest rate swap agreements were designated as cash flow hedges and intended to manage interest rate risk associated with our variable-rate borrowings and minimize the impact on earnings and cash flows of interest rate fluctuations attributable to changes in SOFR rates. These interest rate swaps were not material to the Company's financial statements at and in the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Interest Payments 
 
 Cash payments for interest were million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

106 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - Continued 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

 15. 
 
 ) Net loss on foreign currency translation ) ) Reclassification to net income (1) 
 Other comprehensive (loss) income, net of tax ) Ending balance ) Pension and other post-retirement benefits (2) : 
 Beginning balance ) ) Reclassification to net income Amortization of net loss, net of tax expense of and , respectively 
 Change in net loss, net of tax (benefit) expense of ) and , respectively 
 ) Other comprehensive loss, net of tax ) Ending balance ) ) Total accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) 
 (1) The foreign currency translation reclassified to net income relates to the sale of the Company's UK Composites business. This balance was included in the loss accrual recorded in impairment on assets held for sale on the Company's Consolidated Statement of Operations in the year ended December 31, 2020 (see Note 2, Disposals , for additional information). 
 (2) . 

16. 
 
 ) State ) ) Foreign ) ) Deferred: Federal ) ) State ) Foreign ) ) ) Income tax (benefit) expense ) ) 

107 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - Continued 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

 statutory rate 
 ) ) State income taxes, net of federal benefit ) ) Tax effect: Goodwill impairment charge Impairment on business Research and development credits ) ) ) Impact of entity classification election Foreign derived intangible income benefit ) ) Provision to return adjustments ) Foreign losses for which no tax benefit has been recorded Change in valuation allowance ) Equity compensation benefit ) Nondeductible compensation Federal benefit of NOL Carryback ) Other, net ) ) ) Income tax (benefit) expense ) ) 
 
 The 2022 effective tax rate includes a charge in the amount of million, for nondeductible compensation, with a portion relating to post termination payments and benefits of former executive officers. Additionally, the Company recognized benefits relating to federal research and development credits in the amount of million. 
 
 The 2021 effective tax rate includes a charge to record additiona l valuation allowances relating to the Company s foreign and state tax loss carryforwards in the amount of million and million, respectively. The Company also incurred a charge in the amount million, primarily attributable to nondeductible compensation relati ng to post termination payments and benefits of former executive officers. Additionally, the Company recognized benefits relating to federal research and development credits in the amount of million. 
 
 The 2020 effective tax rate included charges in the amount of million relating to book impairment charges to goodwill and assets held for sale associated with the anticipated sale of the Company s UK Composites business as neither charge had associated tax benefits. 
 
 Cash payments for income taxes, net of refunds, were million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

108 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - Continued 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

 Tax loss and credit carryforwards Accrued liabilities and other Contract accounting differences Environmental liabilities Lease obligations Inventory Capitalized expenses Total deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities: Property, plant and equipment ) ) Intangibles ) ) Other items ) ) Total deferred tax liabilities ) ) Net deferred tax assets before valuation allowance Valuation allowance ) ) Net deferred tax assets after valuation allowance 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had foreign tax loss carryforwards of million, federal and state tax loss carryforwards of million and state credit carryforwards of million, respectively. Tax loss and credit carryforwards associated with approximately million of deferred tax assets have no expiration period. The remainders of the loss and credit carryforwards will expire between 2023 and 2040. 
 
 A valuation allowance is required to be established unless management determines it is more likely than not that the Company will ultimately utilize the tax benefit associated with a deferred tax asset. At December 31, 2022, the Company has foreign valuation allowances of million, and federal and state valuation allowances of million. 
 
 Management will continue to evaluate the appropriate level of valuation allowance on all deferred tax assets considering such factors as prior earnings history, expected future earnings, carryback and carryforward periods, and tax and business strategies that could potentially enhance the likelihood of realization of the deferred tax assets. 
 
 Pre-tax amounts from foreign operations amounted to income of million in 2022 and losses of million and million in 2021, and 2020, respectively. Tax Reform required the Company to effectively recognize all foreign earnings in U.S. taxable income in the year ended December 31, 2017. Due to this provision and foreign losses incurred in prior years, there were no accumulated earnings in foreign subsidiaries for which U.S income taxes were required to be provided in 2022. 
 
 The Company records a benefit for uncertain tax positions in the financial statements only when it determines it is more likely than not that such a position will be sustained upon examination by taxing authorities. Unrecognized tax benefits represent the difference between the position taken and the benefit reflected in the financial statements. 

109 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - Continued 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

 Additions based on current year tax positions Changes for tax positions of prior years ) Settlements ) ) Lapse of statute of limitations (281) Balance at December 31 (1) 
 
 (1) Including interest and penalties of million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 Included in unrecognized tax benefits at December 31, 2022, were items approximating million that, if recognized, would favorably affect the Company s effective tax rate in future periods. The Company files tax returns in numerous U.S. and foreign jurisdictions, with returns subject to examination for varying periods, but generally back to and including 2016. During 2022, 2021 and 2020, million or less of interest and penalties was recognized each year as a component of income tax expense. It is the Company s policy to record interest and penalties on unrecognized tax benefits as income taxes. The Company does not anticipate any significant increases or decreases to unrecognized tax benefits during the next twelve months. 

17. 

110 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - Continued 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

 Service cost Interest cost Actuarial liability (gain) loss (1) 
 ) ) ) ) Benefit payments ) ) ) ) Projected benefit obligation at end of year Fair value of plan assets at beginning of year Actual return on plan assets ) Employer contributions Benefit payments ) ) ) ) Fair value of plan assets at end of year Funded status at end of year ) ) ) ) Accumulated benefit obligation 
 (1) 
 
 ) ) Noncurrent liabilities ) ) ) ) Total ) ) ) ) 
 . 
 
 ) Amount included in accumulated other comprehensive income ) 

111 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - Continued 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

 Interest cost on projected benefit obligation Expected return on plan assets ) ) ) Recognized net loss Additional amount recognized due to curtailment/settlement Net pension benefit (income) cost ) ) ) Change in net (loss) or gain ) ) ) ) Amortization of net loss ) ) ) ) ) ) Total recognized in other comprehensive (loss) income ) ) ) ) ) Total recognized in net periodic benefit cost and other comprehensive (income) loss ) ) ) 

Qualified Pension Plan SERP In thousands Expected contributions during 2023 

112 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - Continued 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028-2032 
 
 Mortality is a key assumption in developing actuarial estimates, and therefore could significantly impact the valuation of the Company's obligations under the qualified pension plan and SERP. The Company reviewed the mortality data and based on the size and demographics of the plan's participant population, the Company determined the Pri-2012 Blue Collar with Scale MP-2021 mortality table was the most appropriate assumption. 
 
 The Company uses the Financial Times Stock Exchange ("FTSE") Pension Discount Curve, as it is deemed to be the most appropriate basis for generating the Company's discount rate assumption, as the future cash flows of the plan are most closely aligned to the Above Median Double-A Curve. 
 
 / Expected return on plan assets N/A N/A Average rate of increase in compensation levels N/A N/A N/A N/A 
 (1) In November 2021, the Company's SERP had a settlement and re-measurement. This resulted in the Company using a discount rate of for the first ten months of the year ended December 31, 2021 and a discount rate of for the remaining two months following the re-measurement. 
 
 Other 
 
 The Company utilizes a "spot rate approach" in the calculation of pension interest and service cost. The spot rate approach applies separate discount rates for each projected benefit payment in the calculation of pension interest and service cost. 
 
 Qualified Pension Plan Assets 
 
 The expected return on plan assets rate was determined based upon historical returns adjusted for estimated future market fluctuations. For 2022 and 2021, the expected rate of return on plan assets was and , respectively. During 2022, the actual return on pension plan assets, net of direct expenses, was ) . 

113 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - Continued 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

 / at December 31, 2022. As the plan s funded status changes, the Pension Administrative Committee (the management committee that is responsible for plan administration) will act through an immediate or gradual process, as appropriate, to reallocate assets. 
 
 Under the current investment policy, no Investment Manager may invest in investments deemed illiquid by the Investment Manager at the time of purchase, development programs, real estate, mortgages or private equities or securities of Kaman Corporation without prior written authorization from the Pension Administrative Committee. In addition, with the exception of USG securities, managers holdings in the securities of any one issuer, at the time of purchase, may not exceed of the total market value of that manager s account. 
 
 The pension plan assets are valued at fair value. The following is a description of the valuation methodologies used for the investments measured at fair value, including the general classification of such instruments pursuant to the valuation hierarchy. 
 
 Short-term Investments This investment category consists of cash and cash equivalents and futures and options contracts. Cash and cash equivalents are comprised of investments with maturities of three months or less when purchased, including certain short-term fixed-income securities, and are classified as Level 1 investments. Futures contracts and options contracts requiring the investment managers to receive from or pay to the broker an amount of cash equal to daily fluctuations are included in short-term investments and are classified as Level 2 investments. 
 
 Corporate Stock This investment category consists primarily of domestic common stock issued by U.S. corporations. Common shares are traded actively on exchanges and price quotes for these shares are readily available. Holdings of corporate stock are classified as Level 1 investments. 
 
 Mutual Funds Mutual funds are traded actively on public exchanges. The share prices for these mutual funds are published at the close of each business day. Holdings of mutual funds are classified as Level 1 investments. 
 
 Common Trust Funds Common trust funds are comprised of shares or units in commingled funds that are not publicly traded. The values of the commingled funds are not publicly quoted and must trade through a broker. For equity and fixed-income commingled funds traded through a broker, the fund administrator values the fund using the net asset value NAV per fund share, derived from the value of the underlying assets. The underlying assets in these funds (equity securities, fixed income securities and commodity-related securities) are publicly traded on exchanges and price quotes for the assets held by these funds are readily available. Holdings of common trust funds are not subject to leveling. 
 
 Fixed Income Securities - For fixed income securities, multiple prices and price types are obtained from pricing vendors whenever possible, which enables cross-provider validations. A primary price source is identified based on asset type, class or issue for each security. The fair values of fixed income securities are based on evaluated prices that reflect observable market information, such as actual trade information of similar securities, adjusted for observable differences, and are categorized as Level 2. These securities are primarily investment grade securities. 
 
 114 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - Continued 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

 Futures contracts - assets Futures contracts - liabilities ) ) Fixed income securities Mutual funds Common trust funds (1) 
 Corporate stock Subtotal Accrued income/expense Total 
 Total Carrying 
 Value at 
 December 31, 
 2021 
 Quoted prices in active markets (Level 1) Significant other observable inputs (Level 2) Significant unobservable inputs (Level 3) Not subject to leveling In thousands Short term investments: Cash and cash equivalents Futures contracts - assets Futures contracts - liabilities ) ) Fixed income securities Mutual funds Common trust funds (1) 
 Corporate stock Subtotal Accrued income/expense ) Total 

Derivatives are primarily used to manage risk and gain asset class exposure while still maintaining liquidity. Derivative instruments mainly consist of equity futures and interest rate futures. 
 
 115 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - Continued 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

 of compensation, participating subsidiaries make employer contributions of one dollar. Employer contributions to the plan totaled million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 One of the Company's foreign subsidiaries maintains a defined benefit plan of its own for its local employees. The net pension liability associated with this plan was not material as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

18. 
 
 Deferred compensation Long-term incentive plan Noncurrent income taxes payable Environmental remediation liability Finance leases Other Total other long-term liabilities 
 
 The Company maintains a non-qualified deferred compensation plan for certain of its employees as well as a non-qualified deferred compensation plan for its Board of Directors. Generally, participants in these plans have the ability to defer a certain amount of their compensation, as defined in the agreement. The deferred compensation liability will be paid out either upon retirement or as requested based upon certain terms in the agreements and in accordance with Internal Revenue Code Section 409A. 
 
 Disclosures regarding the assumptions used in the determination of the SERP liabilities are included in Note 17, Pension Plans . Discussions of our environmental remediation liabilities are in Note 13, Environmental Costs , and Note 19, Commitments and Contingencies . 

19. 
 
 116 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - Continued 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

 million, which is equal to percent of the contract value as defined by the agreement between the customer and the Company. The amount ultimately applied against offset agreements is based on negotiations with the customer and may require cash outlays that represent only a fraction of the notional value in the offset agreement. 
 
 The Company continues to work with the customer to further define the requirements to satisfy the offset agreements. Offset programs typically extend over several years and may provide for penalties in the event the Company fails to perform according to offset requirements. The satisfaction of the offset requirements will be determined by the customer. In the event the offset requirements of the contract are not met, the Company could be liable for potential penalties up to million payable to the customer. Failure to satisfy the offset requirements could also negatively impact the Company's ability to attract future orders from this customer. The Company considers these potential penalties to be a reduction to the transaction price in its determination of the value of the performance obligations within these contracts. At December 31, 2022, million in contract liabilities associated with the potential penalties of the offset requirements were included on the Company's Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 Guarantee 
 
 During 2020, the Company and the USG entered into a Guaranty Agreement, pursuant to which the Company agreed to guarantee the full, complete and satisfactory performance of its subsidiary, Kaman Precision Products, Inc. ("KPPI") under all current and future contracts with the USG. As of the date of this filing, the only contract in place between KPPI and the USG relates to the production and sale of the JPF. KPPI is currently fulfilling the requirements of Option 16. The guarantee was provided in lieu of a periodic financial capability review by the Financial Capacity Team ("FCT") of the Defense Contract Management Agency ("DCMA"). The Company is unable to estimate the maximum potential amount of future payments under the guarantee as it is dependent on costs incurred by the USG in the event of default. Although the Company believes the risk of default is low given the maturity and operational performance of the JPF program, there can be no assurance that the guarantee will not have a material adverse effect on the Company's results of operations, financial position and cash flows. 
 
 New Hartford 
 
 In connection with sale of the Company s Music segment in 2007, the Company assumed responsibility for meeting certain requirements of the Transfer Act that applied to the Company's sale of the Ovation guitar manufacturing business, located in New Hartford, Connecticut Ovation ). Under the Transfer Act, those responsibilities essentially consist of assessing the leased site's environmental conditions and remediating environmental impairments, if any, caused by Ovation's operations prior to the sale. The site is a multi-tenant industrial park, in which Ovation leased space. The environmental investigation, active remediation and groundwater monitoring are complete. In accordance with state regulations, the Company is preparing and Environmental Land Use Restriction (i.e., deed restriction) to support closure (i.e., Verification) of the Company's Transfer Act responsibilities. 

117 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - Continued 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

 million, all of which has been accrued. The total amount paid to date in connection with these environmental remediation activities is million. At December 31, 2022, the Company had million accrued for these environmental remediation activities. A portion million) of the accrual related to this property is included in other current liabilities and the balance is included in other long-term liabilities. The remaining balance of the accrual reflects the total anticipated cost of completing these environmental remediation and associated Verification activities. Although it is reasonably possible that additional costs will be paid in connection with the resolution of this matter, the Company is unable to estimate the amount of such additional costs, if any, at this time. 
 
 Bloomfield 
 
 In connection with the Company s 2008 purchase of the portion of the Bloomfield campus that Kaman Aerospace Corporation had leased from NAVAIR, the Company assumed responsibility for environmental remediation at the facility as may be required under the Transfer Act and is currently remediating the property under the guidance of the CTDEEP. The assumed environmental liability of million was determined by taking the undiscounted estimated remediation liability of million and discounting it at a rate of . This remediation process will take many years to complete. The total amount paid to date in connection with these environmental remediation activities is million. At December 31, 2022, the Company had million accrued for these environmental remediation activities. A portion million) of the accrual related to this property is included in other current liabilities, and the balance is included in other long-term liabilities. Although it is reasonably possible that additional costs will be paid in connection with the resolution of this matter, the Company is unable to estimate the amount of such additional costs, if any, at this time. 

20 
 
 to years, with certain leases renewable for varying periods. It is expected that in the normal course of business leases that expire will be renewed or replaced by leases on other similar property. Some of the Company's lease obligations have rent escalations or contingent rent that are recognized on a straight-line basis over the entire lease term. Material leasehold improvements and other landlord incentives are amortized over the shorter of their economic lives or the lease term, including renewal periods, if reasonably assured. Substantially all real estate taxes, insurance and maintenance expenses associated with leased facilities are obligations of the Company. The terms for most machinery and equipment leases range from to years. 
 
 The Company's finance leases are included in machinery, office furniture and equipment and construction in process and amortization of these assets is included in depreciation and amortization expense. The terms of these leases range from to years. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, million and million, respectively, of assets included in property, plant and equipment were accounted for as finance leases. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had accumulated depreciation of million and million, respectively, associated with these assets. 
 
 At the commencement date of a contract containing a lease, a right-of-use asset and lease liability are recorded to the Company's Consolidated Balance Sheets when the Company obtains control of the use of the asset. Right-of-use assets represent the right to use an underlying asset for the lease term and lease liabilities represent the obligation to make payments upon entering into a lease agreement. 

118 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - Continued 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

 Finance lease right of use assets Property, plant and equipment, net of accumulated depreciation Total leased assets 
 
 The lease liability and future rental payments are required under leases that have initial or remaining non-cancellable lease terms in excess of one year as of December 31, 2022. 
 Finance lease liability, current portion Other current liabilities Noncurrent Operating lease liability, noncurrent portion Operating lease liabilities, noncurrent portion Finance lease liability, noncurrent portion Other long-term liabilities Total lease liabilities 

119 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - Continued 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total future operating lease payments Interest ) Present value of future operating lease payments Finance leases 2023 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total future finance lease payments Interest ) Present value of future finance lease payments Present value of total future lease payments 
 
 Interest on lease liabilities Operating lease cost Short-term lease cost Variable lease cost Total lease expense ) ) Operating cash flows from finance leases ) ) ) Financing cash flows from finance leases ) ) ) Total cash flows from leasing activities ) ) ) 
 120 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - Continued 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, million in right-of-use assets were obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities and million right-of-use assets were obtained in exchange for new finance lease liabilities. 
 
 Finance leases Weighted-average discount rate Operating leases Finance leases 

21. ) Total earnings from discontinued operations Net (loss) earnings ) ) Basic: Weighted average number of shares outstanding (Loss) earnings per share from continuing operations ) ) Earnings per share from discontinued operations Basic (loss) earnings per share ) ) Diluted (1) : 
 Weighted average number of shares outstanding Weighted average shares issuable on exercise of dilutive stock options Total (Loss) earnings per share from continuing operations ) ) Earnings per share from discontinued operations Diluted (loss) earnings per share ) ) 
 (1) As a result of the adoption of ASU 2020-06, the Company began calculating diluted earnings per share using the if-converted method for its convertible debt instruments in 2022. Prior to the adoption, the Company calculated diluted earnings per share for its convertible debt instruments using the treasury stock method. The Company adopted ASU 2020-06 using the modified retrospective approach; therefore, prior period results have not been retroactively adjusted. Refer to Note 1, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies , for further information on the adoption of ASU 2020-06. 

121 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - Continued 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

 , and shares associated with equity awards granted to employees that are anti-dilutive based on the average stock price. 
 
 All outstanding stock awards were excluded in the computation of diluted earnings per share in the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2020 because their effect was antidilutive due to the loss from continuing operations. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2020, an additional and shares, respectively, issuable under equity awards, which would have been dilutive if exercised based on the average market price being higher than the exercise price, were excluded from the computation of diluted earnings per share as their effect was antidilutive due to the loss from continuing operations. 
 
 2024 Convertible Notes 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, shares issuable under Convertible Notes due 2024 were excluded from the diluted earnings per share calculation because their effect was antidilutive. For the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, shares issuable under the Convertible Notes due 2024 were excluded from the diluted earnings per share calculation because the conversion price was more than the average market price of the Company's stock during the periods. 

22. 
 to . The PSUs granted in 2022 and 2021 assumed a achievement level. In 2022, the PSUs granted in 2021 were adjusted to a achievement level. 
 
 Compensation expense for stock options, RSAs, restricted stock units and PSUs is recognized on a straight-line basis over the vesting period of the awards. Throughout the course of the vesting period, the Company monitors the achievement level for the ROIC metric of the PSUs compared to the ROIC target and adjusts the number of shares expected to be earned, and the related compensation expense recorded thereafter, to reflect the most probable outcome. Share-based compensation expense recorded for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively. Of these amounts, million, million and million was recorded to restructuring and severance costs, respectively, and the remaining amounts were recorded to selling, general and administrative expenses on the Company's Consolidated Statements of Operations. 

122 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - Continued 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

 to 1, while shares issued upon exercise of stock options or stock appreciation rights count against the share authorization at a rate of 1 to 1. This means that every time an option is granted, the authorized pool of shares is reduced by one (1) share and every time a Full Value Award is granted, the authorized pool of shares is reduced by 3 shares. In deriving the valuation ratio used in the 2013 Plan, the Company used the Black Scholes Fair Value model as the basis for determining the approximate value of an option as compared to a "full value share." The 2013 Plan provided the Company with the ability to use equity-based awards of up to authorized shares. On April 18, 2018, the shareholders of the Company approved the amendment and restatement of the 2013 Plan, which increased the number of authorized shares by shares. As of December 31, 2022, there were shares available for grant under the plan. 
 
 LTIP awards provide certain senior executives an opportunity to receive award payments in either stock or cash as determined by the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors in accordance with the Plan, at the end of each performance cycle. Performance metrics for LTIP Awards are based on the following: (a) average return on total capital and (b) total return to shareholders, both compared to the Russell 2000 indices for the same performance period. No awards will be payable if the Company s performance is below the 25th percentile. The maximum award is payable if performance reaches the 75 th percentile of the designated indices. Awards are paid out at at the 50 th percentile. Awards for performance between the 25 th and 75 th percentiles are determined by straight-line interpolation between and . Generally, LTIP awards are paid in cash. 
 
 Stock options were granted with an exercise price equal to the average market price of our stock at the date of grant. Stock options and Stock Appreciation Rights ("SARs") granted under the plan generally expire ten years from the date of grant and vest each year over a -year period on each of the first five anniversaries of the date of grant. Stock options granted in 2022 vest each year over a -year period on each of the first three anniversaries of the date of grant. RSAs granted prior to 2021 were generally granted with restrictions that lapse at the rate of per year over a -year period on each of the first five anniversaries of the date of grant. As discussed above, the RSAs granted beginning in 2021 are generally granted with restrictions that lapse at the rate of over a -year period on each of the first three anniversaries of the grant. Generally, these awards are subject to forfeiture if a recipient separates from service with the Company. 
 
 Granted Exercised ) Forfeited or expired ) Options outstanding at December 31, 2022 

Aggregate intrinsic value - options outstanding (in thousands) Weighted-average exercise price - options outstanding Options exercisable Weighted-average remaining contractual term - options exercisable (years) Aggregate intrinsic value - options exercisable (in thousands) Weighted-average exercise price - options exercisable 
 123 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - Continued 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

 million and million, respectively. The Company currently has an open stock repurchase plan, which would enable the Company to repurchase shares as needed. Since 2008 the Company has generally issued shares related to option exercises, restricted stock and PSUs from its authorized but unissued common stock. 
 
 Expected volatility Risk-free interest rate Expected dividend yield Per share fair value of options granted 
 
 The expected term of options granted represents the period of time option grants are expected to be outstanding based upon historical exercise patterns. Forfeitures of options are estimated based upon historical data and are adjusted based upon actual occurrences. The cumulative effect of stock award forfeitures was immaterial. The volatility assumption is based on the historical daily price data of the Company s stock over a period equivalent to the weighted-average expected term of the options. Management evaluated whether there were factors during that period that were unusual and would distort the volatility figure if used to estimate future volatility and concluded that there were no such factors. The Company relies only on historical volatility since future volatility is expected to be consistent with historical volatility. 
 
 The risk-free interest rate assumption is based upon the interpolation of various U.S. Treasury rates determined at the date of option grant. Expected dividends are based upon a historical analysis of our dividend yield over the past year. 
 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited or expired ) Restricted Stock outstanding at December 31, 2022 

The grant date fair value for restricted stock is the average market price of the unrestricted shares on the date of grant. The total fair value of restricted stock awards vested during 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively. 
 
 Granted Vested Forfeited or expired ) Performance Stock outstanding at December 31, 2022 
 
 124 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - Continued 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

Expected volatility Risk-free interest rate Expected dividend yield Per share fair value of performance stock granted 
 
 The Company records a tax benefit and associated deferred tax asset for compensation expense recognized on non-qualified stock options and restricted stock for which the Company is allowed a tax deduction. For 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, the Company recorded a tax benefit of million, million and million for these two types of compensation expense. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, future compensation costs related to non-vested stock options, restricted stock grants and performance share units is million. The Company anticipates that this cost will be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 
 
 Employees Stock Purchase Plan 
 
 The Kaman Corporation Employees Stock Purchase Plan ESPP allows employees to purchase common stock of the Company, through payroll deductions, at of the market value of shares at the time of purchase. The plan provides for the grant of rights to employees to purchase a maximum of shares of common stock. 
 
 During 2022, shares were issued to employees at prices ranging from to . During 2021, shares were issued to employees at prices ranging from to . During 2020, shares were issued to employees at prices ranging from to . At December 31, 2022, there were shares available for purchase under the plan. 

23. 
 
 million impairment of inventory associated with the K-MAX program and a million impairment of contract costs associated with the K-MAX TITAN unmanned aerial system in its consolidated statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022. The amount written off was comprised of a lower of cost or net realizable value write down on three unsold aircraft and unusable inventory. Unusable inventory includes long lead parts made specifically for the production of the K-MAX for which there are no alternative uses and spare parts and blades that were in excess of the amounts needed to support the existing fleet. 
 
 The Company has evaluated subsequent events through the issuance date of these financial statements. Other than the matter noted above, no material subsequent events were identified that require disclosure. 
 
 125 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 
 None. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 We have carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including the Chief 
 Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and 
 procedures. Based upon our evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective. 
 
 Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 The Company s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Management has assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 In making its assessment of the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, management utilized the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations ("COSO") of the Treadway Commission in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013). Management concluded that based on its assessment the Company s internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. The effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, has been audited by , an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report, which is included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 The scope of management's assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting excludes the operations of Aircraft Wheel and Brake, which the Company acquired through a business combination during the year ended December 31, 2022. The acquired business represented approximately 3 of the Company's consolidated revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022, and assets associated with the acquired business, excluding goodwill and intangible assets resulting from the acquisition, represented approximately 2 of the Company's consolidated assets as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 Management of the Company, with the participation of the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated changes in the Company s internal controls over financial reporting during 2022. 
 
 During the fourth quarter ended December 31, 2022, management made no changes to internal control over financial reporting that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Inherent Limitations of Controls 
 
 The Company s evaluation described in this Item was undertaken acknowledging that there are inherent limitations to the effectiveness of any system of controls, including the possibility of human error and the circumvention or overriding of the controls and procedures. Accordingly, even effective controls can only provide reasonable assurance of achieving their control objectives. 
 126 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 The disclosure set forth below is provided in lieu of a separate Form 8-K filing pursuant to Item 5.02 of Form 8-K. On February 21, 2023, the Compensation Committee of our Board updated our form of Restricted Share Agreement and our form of Performance Stock Unit Award Agreement for awards granted on or after February 21, 2023 under, and subject to the terms and conditions of, our Amended and Restated 2013 Management Incentive Plan. The updates to each of the forms reflected certain technical and administrative changes. The foregoing descriptions of the form of Restricted Share Agreement and the form of Performance Stock Unit Award Agreement are not complete and are qualified in their entirety by reference to the full text of the form of Restricted Share Agreement and the form of Performance Stock Unit Award Agreement, copies of each of which are filed as Exhibits 10.8 and 10.11, respectively, to this Annual Report on Form 10-K and are incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 
 None. 

127 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 
 Other than the list of executive officers of the Company set forth in Item 1, Information about our Executive Officers, all information under this caption may be found in the Company s proxy statement to be delivered to stockholders in connection with the Annual Meeting of Shareholders, which is scheduled for April 19, 2023, (the Proxy Statement in the following sections: Proposal 1 - Election of Seven Directors for One-Year Terms, Information about Nominees, Information about the Board of Directors and Corporate Governance - Director Nominees, Information about the Board of Directors and Corporate Governance - Specific Experience, Qualifications, Attributes and Skills of Current Board Members and Director Nominees, Information about the Board of Directors and Corporate Governance - Code of Business Conduct and Other Governance Documents Available on the Company's Website, "Information about the Board of Directors and Corporate Governance - Board Meetings and Committees," Information about the Board of Directors and Corporate Governance - Board Meetings and Committees - Audit Committee, and "Proxy Statement Summary - Our Board of Directors." Those portions of the Proxy Statement are incorporated by reference into this Item 10. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 
 Information about the compensation of Kaman s named executive officers appears under the captions Compensation Discussion and Analysis, Summary Compensation Table, Post-Termination Payments and Benefits", Pay Ratio Disclosure and Pay Versus Performance in the Proxy Statement. Information about the compensation of Kaman s directors appears under Information about the Board of Directors and Corporate Governance - 2022 Director Compensation in the Proxy Statement. Information required pursuant to Item 407(d) and (e) of Regulation S-K appears under the captions Information about the Board of Directors and Corporate Governance - Board Meetings and Committees - Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation and Compensation Discussion and Analysis - Compensation Committee Report. Those portions of the Proxy Statement are incorporated by reference into this Item 11. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 
 Information about security ownership of certain beneficial owners and management appears under Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management in the Proxy Statement. That portion of the Proxy Statement is incorporated by reference into this Item 12. 
 
 SECURITIES AUTHORIZED FOR ISSUANCE UNDER EQUITY COMPENSATION PLANS 
 
 The following table provides information as of December 31, 2022, concerning Common Stock issuable under the Company s equity compensation plans. Plan Category (a) Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights (b) Weighted- average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights (c) Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) Equity compensation plans approved by security holders: 2003 Stock Incentive Plan 18,004 36.29 2013 Management Incentive Plan 692,778 54.59 899,864 Employees Stock Purchase Plan 388,220 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders Total 710,782 54.12 1,288,084 

128 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 
 Information about certain relationships and related transactions appears under Information about the Board of Directors and Corporate Governance - Related Party Transactions and Information about the Board of Directors and Corporate Governance - Board and Committee Independence Requirements in the Proxy Statement. Those portions of the Proxy Statement are incorporated by reference into this Item 13. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 
 Information regarding audit fees and all other fees, in addition to the Audit Committee s pre-approval policies and procedures appears under Proposal 5 - Ratification of Appointment of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP As Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm for the Company Principal Accountant Fees and Services and " Proposal 5 - Ratification of Appointment of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP As Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm for the Company Audit Committee Preapproval Policy" in the Proxy Statement. Those portions of the Proxy Statement are incorporated by reference into this Item 14. 
 
 129 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULE 
 (a)(1) FINANCIAL STATEMENTS. Page Number in Form 10-K See Item 8 of this Form 10-K setting forth the Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID and our Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 59 
 (a)(2) FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULE. 
 
 2021 Allowance for doubtful accounts 2020 Allowance for doubtful accounts 
 
 (A) Additions to allowance for doubtful accounts attributable to acquisitions. 
 (B) Recoveries and write-off of bad debts. 
 Additions (Reductions) DESCRIPTION Balance Beginning of Period Current Year Provision (Benefit) Others Balance End of Period 2022 Valuation allowance on deferred tax assets ) 2021 Valuation allowance on deferred tax assets ) 2020 Valuation allowance on deferred tax assets 
 (a)(3) EXHIBITS. Page Number in Form 10-K An index to the exhibits filed or incorporated by reference immediately precedes such exhibits. 132 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 
 None. 

SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Form 10-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, in the Town of Bloomfield, State of Connecticut, on this 23 rd day of February 2023. 
 KAMAN CORPORATION (Registrant) By: /s/ Ian K. Walsh Ian K. Walsh Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 Signature Title: Date: /s/ Ian K. Walsh Chairman, President, February 23, 2023 Ian K. Walsh Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ James G. Coogan Senior Vice President, February 23, 2023 James G. Coogan Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer (Principal Financial Officer) /s/ Rebecca F. Stath Vice President and Controller February 23, 2023 Rebecca F. Stath (Principal Accounting Officer) /s/ Ian K. Walsh February 23, 2023 Ian K. Walsh Attorney-in-Fact for: Aisha M. Barry Director E. Reeves Callaway III Director A. William Higgins Director Scott E. Kuechle Director Michelle J. Lohmeier Director Jennifer M. Pollino Director Niharika Taskar Ramdev Director 

130 

KAMAN CORPORATION 
 INDEX TO EXHIBITS Exhibit 2.1 Share Purchase Agreement, dated as of June 25, 2019, by and between Kaman Corporation and LJ KAI Blocker, Inc., LJ KFP Blocker, Inc. and LJ KIT Blocker, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K dated June 26, 2019, File No. 001-35419). 
 Previously Filed Exhibit 2.2 Securities and Asset Purchase Agreement, dated November 4, 2019, by and among Kaman Aerospace Group, Inc., Kaman Corporation, as guarantor, Peter J. Balsells, in his capacity as trustee of the BF Trust, 19650 Pauling, LLC, Pauling Properties LLC and Bal Seal Engineering, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K dated November 5, 2019, File No. 001-35419). 
 Previously Filed Exhibit 2.3 First Amendment to Securities and Asset Purchase Agreement, dated as of December 26, 2019, by and among Kaman Aerospace Group, Inc., Kaman Corporation, as guarantor, Peter J. Balsells, in his capacity as trustee of The Balsells Family Trust Dated October 1, 1985 - Trust A, as Wholly Amended And Restated June 5, 2019, 19650 Pauling, LLC, Pauling Properties LLC and Bal Seal Engineering, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K/A dated December 27, 2019, File No. 001-35419). 
 Previously Filed Exhibit 2.4 Asset Purchase Agreement , dated May 21, 2022, by and among Parker-Hannifin Corporation, an Ohio corporation, Kaman Newco, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, and, solely for purposes of Section 10.18 of such Agreement, Kaman Aerospace Group, Inc., a Connecticut corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K dated May 23, 2022, File No. 001-35419). 1 
 Previously Filed Exhibit 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K dated November 4, 2005, File No. 333-66179), as amended by the Certificate of Amendment thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K dated April, 22 2019). 
 Previously Filed Exhibit 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Company (as amended through November 14, 2022) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K dated November 15, 2022, File No. 001-35419). 
 Previously Filed Exhibit 4.1 Description of Registrant s Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019, File No. 001-35419). 
 Previously Filed Exhibit 4.2 Indenture, dated as of May 12, 2017, by and between Kaman Corporation and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K dated May 12, 2017, File No. 001-35419). 
 Previously Filed Exhibit 4.3 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of July 15, 2019, by and between Kaman Corporation and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K dated July 16, 2019, File No. 001-35419). 
 Previously Filed Exhibit 10.1 Kaman Corporation 2013 Management Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Annex A to the Company's Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 1, 2013, File No. 001-35419). 
 Previously Filed Exhibit 10.2 Kaman Corporation Amended and Restated 2013 Management Incentive Plan. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 23, 2018, File No. 001-35419). 
 Previously Filed Exhibit 10.3 Form of Nonqualified Stock Option Agreement under the Kaman Corporation 2013 Management Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K dated February 24, 2014, File No. 001-35419). 
 Previously Filed Exhibit 10.4 Form of Nonqualified Stock Option Agreement under the Amended and Restated Kaman Corporation 2013 Management Incentive Plan, for awards granted on or after June 8, 202 2 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company's Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended July 1, 2022, File No. 001-35419). 
 Previously Filed 
 131 

Exhibit 10.5 Form of Restricted Share Agreement under the Kaman Corporation 2013 Management Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K dated February 24, 2014, File No. 001-35419). 
 Previously Filed Exhibit 10.6 Form of Restricted Share Agreement under the Amended and Restated Kaman Corporation 2013 Management Incentive Plan, for awards granted on or after February 22, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated February 26, 2021, File No 001-35419). 
 Previously Filed Exhibit 10.7 Form of Restricted Share Agreement under the Amended and Restated Kaman Corporation 2013 Management Incentive Plan , for awards granted on or after February 22, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, File No. 001-35419). 
 Previously Filed Exhibit 10.8 Form of Restricted Share Agreement under the Amended and Restated Kaman Corporation 2013 Management Incentive Plan, for awards granted on or after February 21, 2023. 
 Filed Herewith Exhibit 10.9 Form of Performance Stock Unit Award Agreement under the Amended and Restated Kaman Corporation 2013 Management Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated February 26, 2021, File No 001-35419). 
 Previously Filed Exhibit 10.10 Form of Performance Stock Unit Award Agreement under the Amended and Restated Kaman Corporation 2013 Management Incentive Plan , for awards granted on or after February 22, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, File No. 001-35419). 
 Previously Filed Exhibit 10.11 Form of Performance Stock Unit Award Agreement under the Amended and Restated Kaman Corporation 2013 Management Incentive Plan, for awards granted on or after February 21, 2023. 
 Filed Herewith Exhibit 10.12 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement under the Kaman Corporation 2013 Management Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated June 6, 2014, File No 001-35419). 
 Previously Filed Exhibit 10.13 Form of Long-Term Performance Award Agreement (Payable in Cash) granted under the Kaman Corporation 2013 Management Incentive Plan, for awards granted on or after February 17, 2017 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended March 31, 2017, File No. 001-35419). 
 Previously Filed Exhibit 10.14 Form of Long-Term Performance Award Agreement (Payable in Shares) granted under the Kaman Corporation 2013 Management Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K dated February 24, 2014, File No. 001-35419). 
 Previously Filed Exhibit 10.15 Form of Award Agreement for Non-Employee Directors under the Kaman Corporation 2013 Management Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2013, File No. 001-35419). 
 Previously Filed Exhibit 10.16 Kaman Corporation 2003 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(a)(i) to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended October 2, 2009, File No. 000-01093), as amended by amendments thereto filed with the SEC on April 7, 2010 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 7, 2010, File No. 000-01093) and November 1, 2010 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(b) to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended October 1, 2010, File No. 000-01093), and February 22, 2012 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K, dated February 22, 2012, File No. 000-01093). 
 Previously Filed Exhibit 10.17 Form of Non-Statutory Stock Option Agreement under the Kaman Corporation 2003 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10h(ii) to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2008, File No. 000-01093). 
 Previously Filed 
 132 

Exhibit 10.18 Kaman Corporation Employees Stock Purchase Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(a) to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended October 1, 2010, File No. 000-01093), as amended by the First Amendment thereto filed with the SEC on February 27, 2012 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10b to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2011, File No. 001-35419), the Second Amendment thereto filed with the SEC on February 25, 2013 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2012, File No. 001-35419) and the Third Amendment thereto filed with the SEC on February 27, 2014 by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2013, File No. 001-35419). 
 Previously Filed Exhibit 10.19 Kaman Corporation Amended and Restated Employee Stock Purchase Plan. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 23, 2018, File No. 001-35419), as amended by the First Amendment thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K dated November 15, 2018, File No. 001-35419) and the Second Amendmen t thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K dated November 16, 2021, File No. 001-35419). 
 Previously Filed Exhibit 10.20 Kaman Corporation Supplemental Employees' Retirement Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10c to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2000, File No. 333-66179), as amended by an amendment thereto filed with the SEC on March 5, 2004 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10c to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2003, File No. 333-66179), and an amendment thereto filed with the SEC on February 26, 2007 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K, dated February 26, 2007, File No. 000-01093). 
 Previously Filed Exhibit 10.21 Post-2004 Supplemental Employees' Retirement Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K, dated February 26, 2007, File No. 000-01093), as amended by the First Amendment thereto filed with the SEC on February 28, 2008 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K, dated February 28, 2008, File No. 000-01093) and the Second Amendment thereto filed with the SEC on February 25, 2010 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(c)(iii) to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2009, File No. 000-01093). 
 Previously Filed Exhibit 10.22 Kaman Corporation Amended and Restated Deferred Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10d to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2002, File No. 333-66179), as amended by an amendment thereto filed with the SEC on March 5, 2004 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10d to the Company's Annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2003 File No. 333-66179), and an amendment thereto filed with the SEC on August 3, 2004 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(a) to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended June 30, 2004, File No. 333-66179). 
 Previously Filed Exhibit 10.23 Kaman Corporation Post-2004 Deferred Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K, dated February 28, 2008, File No. 000-01093), as amended by the First Amendment thereto filed with the SEC on February 27, 2012 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10d(ii) to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2011, File No. 001-35419), the Second Amendment thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.20 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2013, File No. 001-35419), the Third Amendment thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated November 21, 2014, File No. 001-35419) and the Fourth Amendment thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K dated June 13, 2016, File No. 001-35419) and the Fifth Amendment thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K dated November 16, 2021, File No. 001-35419). 
 Previously Filed 
 133 

Exhibit 10.24 Amended and Restated Executive Employment Agreement between Kaman Corporation and Neal J. Keating , originally dated as of August 7, 2007 and amended and restated as of November 11, 2008 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10g(xviii) to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2008, File No. 000-01093), as amended by Amendment No. 1 thereto dated January 1, 2010 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K, dated February 23, 2010, File No. 000-01093), Amendment No. 2 thereto dated September 17, 2010 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K, dated September 20, 2010, File No. 000-01093), and Amendment No. 3 thereto dated November 18, 2014 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K, dated November 21, 2014, File No. 000-01093), and Amendment No. 4 thereto dated April 14, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 16, 2021, File No. 001-35419). 
 Previously Filed Exhibit 10.25 Transition and Retirement Agreement, dated as of August 20, 2020 by and between Neal J. Keating and the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's current Report on Form 8-K, dated August 21, 2020, File No. 000-35419). 
 Previously Filed Exhibit 10.26 Executive Employment Agreement, dated as of August 20, 2020, by and between Ian K. Walsh and the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K, dated August 21, 2020, File No. 000-35419). 
 Previously Filed Exhibit 10.27 Executive Employment Agreement between Kaman Corporation and Robert D. Starr , dated as of November 18, 2014 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K dated November 21, 2014, File No. 001-35419) as amended by Amendment No. 1 thereto dated July 8, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K dated July 8, 2021, File No. 001-35419). 
 Previously Filed Exhibit 10.28 Retirement and Consulting Letter Agreement, dated as of August 20, 2020, by and between Richard R. Barnhart and the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K, dated August 21, 2020, File No. 001-35419). 
 Previously Filed Exhibit 10.29 Form of Change in Control Agreement by and between the Company and certain of its executive officers (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K dated June 8, 2022, File No. 001-35419). 
 Previously Filed Exhibit 10.29 (a) Schedule identifying agreements substantially identical to the form of Change in Control Agreement filed as Exhibit 10.2 9 hereto. 
 Filed Herewith Exhibit 10.30 Retention and Special Assistance Agreement, effective April 10, 2020, by and between the Company and John J. Tedone (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 16, 2020, File No. 001-35419) 
 Previously Filed Exhibit 10.31 Retirement and Consulting Agreement, dated as of November 16, 2020, by and between Gregory T. Troy and the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K dated November 18, 2020, File No. 001-35419). 
 Previously Filed Exhibit 10.32 Separation and General Release of Claims Agreement between the Company and Darlene R. Smith , dated as of July 7, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company's Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended July 1, 2022, File No. 001-35419). 
 Previously Filed Exhibit 10.33 Separation and Release Agreement, dated January 17, 2023, by and between the Company and Russell J. Bartlett (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K dated January 18, 2023, File No. 001-35419). 
 Previously Filed Exhibit 10.34 Separation and Release Agreement, dated January 17, 2023, by and between the Company and Shawn G. Lisle (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K dated January 18, 2023, File No. 001-35419). 
 Previously Filed 
 134 

Exhibit 10.35 Separation and Release Agreement, dated January 17, 2023, by and between the Company and Rafael Z. Cohen (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K dated January 18, 2023, File No. 001-35419). 
 Previously Filed Exhibit 10.36 Letter Agreement, dated May 8, 2017, between Bank of America, N.A. and Kaman Corporation, regarding the Capped Call Transaction (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K dated May 12, 2017, File No. 001-35419). 
 Previously Filed Exhibit 10.37 Letter Agreement, dated May 8, 2017, between JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association, London Branch and Kaman Corporation, regarding the Capped Call Transaction (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K dated May 12, 2017, File No. 001-35419). 
 Previously Filed Exhibit 10.38 Letter Agreement, dated May 8, 2017 between UBS AG, London Branch and Kaman Corporation, regarding the Capped Call Transaction (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K dated May 12, 2017, File No. 001-35419). 
 Previously Filed Exhibit 10.39 Letter Agreement, dated May 22, 2017, between Bank of America, N.A. and Kaman Corporation, regarding the Additional Capped Call Transaction (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K dated May 25, 2017, File No. 001-35419). 
 Previously Filed Exhibit 10.40 Letter Agreement, dated May 22, 2017, between JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association, London Branch and Kaman Corporation, regarding the Additional Capped Call Transaction (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K dated May 25, 2017, File No. 001-35419). 
 Previously Filed Exhibit 10.41 Letter Agreement, dated May 22, 2017, between UBS AG, London Branch and Kaman Corporation, regarding the Additional Capped Call Transaction (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K dated May 25, 2017, File No. 001-35419). 
 Previously Filed Exhibit 10.42 Second Amended and Restated Credit and Guaranty Agreement, dated as of December 13, 2019, by and among Kaman Corporation, RWG Germany GmbH, Kaman Lux Holding, S. r.l and the other subsidiary borrowers from time to time party thereto, the Lenders from time to time party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent and as Collateral Agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K dated December 18, 2019, File No. 001-35419), as amended by Amendment No. 1 thereto, dated as of December 8, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K dated December 9, 2021, File No. 001-35419), Amendment No. 2 thereto, dated as of May 31, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K dated May 31, 2022, File No. 001-35419), and Amendment No. 3 thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K dated November 14, 2022, File No. 001-35419). 
 Previously Filed Exhibit 10.43 Transition Services Agreement, dated as of August 26, 2019, by and among Kaman Corporation, LJ KAI Blocker, Inc., LJ KFP Blocker, Inc. and LJ KIT Blocker, Inc., and Kaman Industrial Technologies Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K dated August 26, 2019, File No. 001-35419). 
 Previously Filed Exhibit 10.44 Form of Trademark, Trade Name and Domain Name License Agreement, dated as of August 26, 2019, between Kaman Corporation and certain Licensees (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K dated August 26, 2019, File No. 001-35419); and Schedule identifying agreements substantially identical to the form of Trademark, Trade Name and Domain Name License Agreement filed as Exhibit 10.39 hereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2(a) to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K dated August 26, 2019, File No. 001-35419). 
 Previously Filed Exhibit 21 List of Subsidiaries 
 Filed Herewith 
 135 

Exhibit 23 Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, the Company s current independent registered public accounting firm. 
 Filed Herewith Exhibit 24 Power of attorney under which this report was signed on behalf of certain directors. 
 Filed Herewith Exhibit 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14 under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934. 
 Filed Herewith Exhibit 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14 under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934. 
 Filed Herewith Exhibit 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 Filed Herewith Exhibit 32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 Filed Herewith 101.INS XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document Filed Herewith 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Filed Herewith 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Filed Herewith 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Filed Herewith 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Filed Herewith 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Filed Herewith 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File, formatted in iXBRL and contained in Exhibit 101 Filed Herewith 
 Management contract or compensatory plan 
 1 Schedules and exhibits omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. Copies of any omitted schedule or exhibit will be furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission upon request. 
 136 

<EX-10.8>
 2
 formofkamanrestrictedstock.htm
 EX-10.8

Document 

RESTRICTED SHARE AGREEMENT 
 (Under the Kaman Corporation 
 Amended and Restated 2013 Management Incentive Plan) 
 
 THIS RESTRICTED SHARE AGREEMENT (this Agreement ), is made and entered into as of the day of _ , 20 , by and between KAMAN CORPORATION, a Connecticut corporation with its principal office in Bloomfield, Connecticut (the Company ), and 
 FIRST_NAME MI LAST_NAME , (the Participant ). 
 
 Grant Date Insert Date Number of Restricted Shares Insert Number of Shares 
 
 1. Restricted Share Award . 
 
 (a) Subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, including, without limitation, the terms and conditions of the Restrictive Covenant Addendum attached hereto, the terms of which are fully incorporated herein, the Company hereby grants to the Participant, effective as of the Grant Date set forth above (the Grant Date ), the number of Restricted Shares set forth above (the Restricted Shares ). The Restricted Shares are granted under, and are subject to all of the terms and provisions of, the Kaman Corporation Amended and Restated 2013 Management Incentive Plan (the Plan ). All capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Plan. 
 
 (b) The number of Restricted Shares shall be transferred to the Participant as additional compensation for services rendered to the Company or one of its Subsidiaries. The Restricted Shares may be subject to forfeiture during a specified time period, as more particularly described in Sections 2 and 3 of this Agreement. 
 
 (c) In order for the transfer of Restricted Shares to occur, each Participant must execute and deliver a copy of this Agreement , including, without limitation, the Restrictive Covenant Addendum attached hereto, to the Chief Human Resources Officer of the Company (the Custodian at the Company s principal executive offices located in Bloomfield, Connecticut, within sixty (60) days of the Grant Date. Promptly thereafter, the Restricted Shares shall be issued in uncertificated form and recorded on the shareholder records maintained by the Transfer Agent and Registrar of the Company s Common Stock (the Transfer Agent ). If the Restricted Shares are subject to forfeiture, the Custodian will cause a notation to be placed on such records restricting any transfer of the Restricted Shares until the end of the applicable Installment Restriction Period described in Section 2 of this Agreement. Restricted Shares not subject to forfeiture at the Grant Date shall also be promptly issued in uncertificated form to the Participant but without such restrictive notation. 
 
 (d) Effective upon the date of issuance to the Participant of the Restricted Shares registered in the Participant s name, the Participant will be a holder of record of the Restricted Shares and will have, subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, all rights of a shareholder with respect to such Shares including the right to vote such Shares at any meeting of shareholders of the Company at which such Shares are entitled to vote and the right to receive all distributions of any kind paid with respect to such Shares. If distributions are paid in the form of Shares, any such Shares will be deemed additional Restricted Shares hereunder, will be 

subject to forfeiture if and to the same extent as the Shares with respect to which such Shares are paid as a dividend and will be issued in the same manner as provided in subsection (c) above. 
 
 2. Lapse of Restrictions . 
 
 (a) All restrictions set forth in Section 3 below will lapse in their entirety with respect to one-third (33.33 of the Restricted Shares on each of the following dates 
 
 March 1, 20 
 March 1, 20 
 March 1, 20 
 
 Each such period is called an Installment Restriction Period . Installment Restriction Periods are collectively referred to as the Restriction Period . Subject to the following provisions, Restricted Shares subject to an Installment Restriction Period shall, as of the end of that Installment Restriction Period, be no longer subject to forfeiture (e.g., they will become vested ). 
 
 (b) As soon as reasonably practicable after the end of an Installment Restriction Period, the Custodian will instruct the Transfer Agent to remove the transfer restriction notation referred to in Section 1(c) of this Agreement provided, however, that the Custodian shall not issue such instruction until the Participant has either (i) paid, or (ii) made provisions satisfactory to the Committee for the payment of, all applicable tax withholding obligations. 
 
 (c) If the Participant s employment with or other service to the Company or a Subsidiary terminates during the Restriction Period because of death or Disability (as defined in Section 22(e)(3) of the Code), effective on the date of that event all restrictions set forth in Section 3 of this Agreement will lapse in their entirety with respect to all of the Restricted Shares and all such Shares shall be vested. 
 
 (d) The vesting of Restricted Shares under this Agreement will result in the Participant s recognition of income for federal and state tax purposes (and or foreign tax purposes, if applicable) and shall be subject to all applicable tax and tax withholding requirements. The Company or any Subsidiary shall have the authority and the right to deduct or withhold, or require the Participant to remit to the Company, an amount sufficient to satisfy all applicable federal, state, local and foreign taxes (including Participant s FICA or employment tax obligations) required by law to be withheld with respect to the vesting of the Restricted Shares. The Company may, in its sole discretion and in satisfaction of the foregoing requirement, withhold, or allow the Participant to elect to have the Company withhold, Shares otherwise issuable upon the vesting of any of the Restricted Shares (or allow the surrender of Shares). Unless otherwise determined by the Committee, the number of Shares so withheld or surrendered shall be limited to the number of Shares that have a Fair Market Value on the date of withholding or repurchase no greater than the aggregate amount of such liabilities based on the minimum statutory withholding rates for federal, state, local and foreign income tax and payroll tax purposes that are applicable to supplemental taxable income. For purposes of this paragraph, such withheld or surrendered Shares shall be valued at the closing price of the Company s Common Stock in the New York Stock Exchange on the most recent trading day preceding the date of determination on which sales of the Shares occurred. 
 2 

3. Restrictions . The Restricted Shares are restricted and subject to forfeiture in accordance with and subject to the following provisions 
 
 (a) Except as provided in Sections 2(c) and 3(b), if the Participant s employment with or other service to the Company or a Subsidiary terminates during the Restriction Period, then effective upon the date of termination, all Restricted Shares which are not vested shall automatically be forfeited to the Company. Employment or other service will not be deemed to have terminated for this purpose by reason of a leave of absence approved by the Committee. 
 
 (b) In the event that the Participant s employment with the Company or a Subsidiary terminates other than for Cause (as defined below) (i) after attaining age 62 with at least five years of employment service or (ii) after attaining age 65 (a Retirement during the Restriction Period, effective upon such Retirement the Restricted Shares which are not vested will automatically be vested. For purposes of this Agreement, Cause means (x) the willful refusal by the Participant to perform proper responsibilities of the Participant s position with the Company or a Subsidiary, (y) a violation of law by the Participant which adversely affects the assets, financial position or reputation of the Company or a Subsidiary, or (z) a violation by the Participant of any code of ethics, code of conduct or similar policy maintained by the Company or a Subsidiary. A Participant s service shall be deemed to have terminated for Cause if, after the Participant s service has terminated, facts and circumstances are discovered that would have justified a termination for Cause. 
 
 (c) None of the Restricted Shares, nor the Participant s interest in any of the Restricted Shares, may be encumbered, sold, assigned, transferred, pledged or otherwise disposed of at any time during the Restriction Period. In the event of any such action, all then Restricted Shares shall automatically be forfeited to the Company effective upon the date of such event. The Participant will repay to the Company all dividends, if any, paid on or after the date of the event with respect to the forfeited Shares. 
 
 (d) If the Participant at any time forfeits Restricted Shares pursuant to this Agreement, the Custodian is authorized to cause such forfeited Shares to be cancelled and transferred to the Company. All of the Participant s rights to and interest in the Restricted Shares shall terminate upon forfeiture without payment of consideration. 
 
 (e) If Restricted Shares are forfeited under this Agreement, the Custodian shall direct the Transfer Agent to make appropriate entries upon its records showing the cancellation of the Restricted Shares and to return the Shares to the Company. 
 
 (f) The Committee shall make all determinations in connection with this Agreement, including determinations as to whether an event has occurred resulting in the forfeiture of or lapse of restrictions on Restricted Shares and all such determinations of the Committee shall be final and conclusive. 
 
 4. Appointment of Agent . By executing this Agreement, the Participant, if the Restricted Shares are subject to forfeiture, irrevocably nominates, constitutes and appoints the Custodian as his or her agent and attorney-in-fact for purposes of surrendering or transferring the Restricted Shares to the Company upon any forfeiture required or authorized by this Agreement. This power is intended as a power coupled with an interest and shall survive the Participant s death. In addition, it is intended as a durable power and shall survive the Participant s Disability. 
 
 5. No Employment Rights . No provision of this Agreement shall 
 
 (a) confer or be deemed to confer upon the Participant any right to continue in the employ of the Company or any Subsidiary or in any way affect the right of the Company or 
 3 

any Subsidiary to dismiss or otherwise terminate the Participant s employment at any time for any reason with or without Cause, or 
 
 (b) be construed to impose upon the Company or any Subsidiary any liability for any forfeiture of Restricted Shares which may result under this Agreement if the Participant s employment is so terminated, or 
 
 (c) affect the Company s right to terminate or modify any contractual relationship with a Participant, who is not an employee of the Company or a Subsidiary. 
 
 6. No Liability for Business Acts or Omissions . 
 
 (a) The Participant recognizes and agrees that the Board or the officers, agents or employees of the Company, including the Custodian, their conduct of the business and affairs of the Company, may cause the Company to act, or to omit to act, in a manner that may, directly or indirectly, prevent the Restricted Shares from vesting under this Agreement. No provision of this Agreement shall be interpreted or construed to impose any liability upon the Company, the Board or any officer, agent or employee of the Company, including the Custodian for any forfeiture of Restricted Shares that may result, directly or indirectly, from any such action or omission. 
 
 (b) In the event of recapitalization, stock split, stock dividend, divisive reorganization or other change in capitalization affecting the Company s Shares, an appropriate adjustment will be made in respect of the Restricted Shares. Any new or additional or different Shares or securities issued as the result of such an adjustment will be deemed included within the term Restricted Shares hereunder, will be subject to forfeiture if and to the same extent as the Shares with respect to which such adjustment is made and will be issued in the same manner as provided in Section 1(c) of this Agreement. 
 
 7. Interpretation . This Agreement shall at all times be interpreted, administered and applied in a manner consistent with the provisions of the Plan. In the event of any inconsistency between the terms of this Agreement and the terms of the Plan, the terms of the Plan shall control and the Plan is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 8. Amendment Modification Waiver . No provision of this Agreement may be amended, modified or waived unless such amendment, modification or waiver shall be authorized by the Committee provided, that no such amendment or modification shall adversely affect the Grantee's material rights under this Agreement without the Grantee's consent, except to comply with laws, regulations or rules under Section 18.8 of the Plan. 
 4 

9. Complete Agreement . This Agreement , including the Restrictive Covenant Addendum attached hereto, and the terms and provisions of the Plan contain the entire agreement of the parties relating to the subject matter of this Agreement and supersedes any prior agreements or understandings with respect thereto. 
 
 10. Agreement Binding . This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Company, its successors and assigns and the Participant, his or her heirs, devisees and legal representatives. 
 
 11. Legal Representative . In the event of the Participant s death or a judicial determination of his or her incompetence, reference in this Agreement to the Participant shall be deemed to refer to his or her legal representative, heirs or devisees, as the case may be. 
 
 12. Business Day . If any event provided for in this Agreement is scheduled to take place on a day on which the Company s corporate offices are not open for business, such event shall take place on the next succeeding day on which the Company s corporate offices are open for business. 
 
 13. Titles . The titles to sections or paragraphs of this Agreement are intended solely for convenience and no provision of this Agreement is to be construed by reference to the title of any section or paragraph. 
 
 14. Consent to Transfer of Data . By accepting this Agreement, the Participant hereby consents to the collection, use, disclosure, and transfer (including overseas) of such Participant s personal data in connection with, or as necessary or appropriate for, the administration of this award and the Plan under which it is issued, including without limitation to Solium Capital LLC and Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC (collectively with their respective affiliates, Shareworks ), service providers which are assisting the Company with the implementation and administration of the Plan. The Company may select one or more different service providers or additional service providers and share personal data with such other service providers in a similar manner. Participant may be asked to agree on separate terms and data processing practices with the service providers, with such agreement being a condition to the ability to participate in the Plan and access any Participant portal that may be provided by service provider. 
 
 15. Notices . 
 
 (a) Any notice to the Company pursuant to any provision of this Agreement will be deemed to have been delivered when delivered in person to the President or Secretary of the Company, when deposited in the United States mail, addressed to the President or Secretary of the Company, at the Company s corporate offices, when delivered to the President or Secretary of the Company by electronic mail, or when delivered to such other address as the Company may from time to time designate in writing. 
 
 (b) Any notice to the Participant pursuant to any provision of this Agreement will be deemed to have been delivered when delivered to the Participant in person, when deposited in the United States mail, addressed to the Participant at the address on the shareholder records of the Company, when delivered to the Participant by electronic mail, or when delivered to such other address as the Participant may from time to time designate in writing. 
 5 

16. Administration And Interpretation . The administration of the Restricted Share Award evidenced by this Agreement shall be subject to such rules and regulations as the Committee deems necessary or advisable for the administration of the Plan. The determination or the interpretation and construction of any provision of this Agreement and the Plan by the Committee shall be final and conclusive upon all concerned, unless otherwise determined by the Board of Directors of the Company. This Agreement shall at all times be interpreted and applied in a manner consistent with the provisions of the Plan, and in the event of any inconsistency between the terms of this Agreement and the terms of the Plan, the terms of the Plan shall control, the terms of the Plan being incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 17. Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original but all of which together will constitute one and the same instrument. Counterpart signature pages to this Agreement transmitted by facsimile transmission, by electronic mail in portable document format (.pdf), or by any other electronic means intended to preserve the original graphic and pictorial appearance of a document, will have the same effect as physical delivery of the paper document bearing an original signature. 
 
 18. Electronic Delivery . In lieu of receiving documents in paper format, the Participant agrees, to the fullest extent permitted by law, to accept electronic delivery of any documents that the Company may be required to deliver (including, but not limited to, prospectuses, prospectus supplements, grant or award notifications and agreements, account statements, annual and quarterly reports, and all other agreements, forms and communications) in connection with this and any other prior or future incentive award or program made or offered by the Company or its predecessors or successors. Electronic delivery of a document to the Participant may be via a Company e-mail system or by reference to a location on a Company intranet site to which the Participant has access. 
 
 19. Compensation Recovery . The Company may cancel, forfeit or recoup any rights or benefits of, or payments to, the Participant hereunder, including but not limited to any Shares issued by the Company following vesting of the Restricted Shares under this Agreement or the proceeds from the sale of any such Shares, under any compensation recovery policy that it may establish and maintain from time to time, to meet listing requirements that may be imposed in connection with the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act or otherwise. The Company shall delay the exercise of its rights under this Section for the period as may be required to preserve equity accounting treatment. 
 
 20. Taxes Limitation on Excess Parachute Payments . The settlement of this Award is conditioned on the Participant making arrangements reasonably satisfactory to the Company for the withholding of all applicable federal, state, local or foreign taxes as may be required under applicable law. The Participant shall bear all expense of, and be solely responsible for, all federal, state, local or foreign taxes due with respect to any payment received under this Award Agreement. Notwithstanding any other provision in this Award Agreement to the contrary, any payment or benefit received or to be received by the Participant in connection with a Change in Control or the termination of employment (whether payable under the terms of this Award Agreement or any other plan, arrangement or agreement with the Company or one of its Subsidiaries (collectively, the Payments that would constitute a parachute payment within the meaning of Section 280G of the Code, shall be reduced to the extent necessary so that no portion thereof shall be subject to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code (the Excise Tax ), but only if, by reason of such reduction, the net after-tax benefit received by the 
 6 

Participant shall exceed the net after-tax benefit that would be received by the Participant if no such reduction was made. Whether and how the limitation under this Section 20 is applicable shall be determined under the Section 280G Rules set forth in Exhibit A , which shall be enforceable as if set forth in this Award Agreement. 
 
 21. Changes to Award Administration . Notwithstanding any other provision herein to the contrary, the Company or the Custodian may provide an alternative process for delivery to the Custodian of an executed copy of this Agreement, and may change the method and process for the issuance, recordation and delivery of the Restricted Shares to or for the benefit of Participant (including at vesting) and for the maintenance of Participant s account. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Company or the Custodian may select one or more service providers, including the Transfer Agent and Shareworks, to assist with the maintenance and administration of the Plan and Participant s account, and may deliver the Restricted Shares in book-entry form and or through electronic delivery of the Restricted Shares to a brokerage account for the benefit of the Participant. Participant hereby agrees that Section 14 and this Section 21 shall apply to all other outstanding awards granted to Participant under the Plan, any predecessor plan or the Kaman Corporation 2003 Stock Incentive Plan, including any awards granted pursuant to Restricted Share Agreements, Non-Statutory Stock Option Agreements, Performance Stock Unit Agreements, and Restricted Stock Unit Agreements, as if this provision were set out in such award agreements. 
 
 YOU MUST REVIEW AND ACKNOWLEDGE ACCEPTANCE OF THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT, INCLUDING SPECIFICALLY THE RESTRICTIVE COVENANT ADDENDUM ATTACHED HERETO AND THE COMPENSATION RECOVERY PROVISIONS UNDER SECTION 19 OF THIS AGREEMENT, BY EXECUTING THIS AGREEMENT AND THE RESTRICTIVE COVENANT ADDENDUM ATTACHED HERETO ELECTRONICALLY WITHIN 60 DAYS OF THE DATE OF GRANT PROVIDED, HOWEVER, THAT THE COMMITTEE MAY, AT ITS DISCRETION, EXTEND THIS DATE. FAILURE TO ACCEPT THE REFERENCED TERMS AND TO EXECUTE THIS AGREEMENT AND THE RESTRICTIVE COVENANT ADDENDUM ATTACHED HERETO ELECTRONICALLY WILL RESULT IN FORFEITURE OF YOUR AWARD. 
 7 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the parties have executed this Agreement, or caused this Agreement to be executed, as of the date first written above. 
 
 KAMAN CORPORATION 

By Name 
 Title 

PARTICIPANT 

FIRST_NAME MI LAST_NAME 
 8 

Exhibit A Section 280G Rules To Restricted Stock Agreement 
 The following rules shall apply for purposes of determining whether and how the limitations provided under Section 20 are applicable to the Participant. 
 
 1. The net after-tax benefit shall mean (i) the Payments (as defined in Section 
 20) which the Participant receives or is then entitled to receive from the Company or a Subsidiary or Affiliate that would constitute parachute payments within the meaning of Section 280G of the Code, less (ii) the amount of all federal, state and local income and employment taxes payable by the Participant with respect to the foregoing calculated at the highest marginal income tax rate for each year in which the foregoing shall be paid to the Participant (based on the rate in effect for such year as set forth in the Code as in effect at the time of the first payment of the foregoing), less (iii) the amount of Excise Tax imposed with respect to the payments and benefits described in (i) above. 
 
 2. All determinations under Section 20 of this Award Agreement and this Exhibit A will be made by an accounting firm or law firm that is selected for this purpose by the Company s Chief Executive Officer prior to a Change in Control (the 280G Firm ). All fees and expenses of the 280G Firm shall be borne by the Company. The Company will direct the 280G Firm to submit any determination it makes under Section 20 of this Award Agreement and this Exhibit A and detailed supporting calculations to both the Participant and the Company as soon as reasonably practicable. 
 
 3. If the 280G Firm determines that one or more reductions are required under Section 20 of this Award Agreement, the 280G Firm shall also determine which Payments shall be reduced (first from cash payments and then from non-cash benefits, in each such case first from amounts not subject to Section 409A of the Code and then from amounts subject to Section 409A of the Code, with the Payments that otherwise would be made last in time reduced first) to the extent necessary so that no portion thereof shall be subject to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code, and the Company shall pay such reduced amount to the Participant. 
 
 4. As a result of the uncertainty in the application of Section 280G at the time that the 280G Firm makes its determinations under this Section, it is possible that amounts will have been paid or distributed to the Participant that should not have been paid or distributed (collectively, the Overpayments ), or that additional amounts should be paid or distributed to the Participant (collectively, the Underpayments ). If the 280G Firm determines, based on either the assertion of a deficiency by the Internal Revenue Service against the Company or the Participant, which assertion the 280G Firm believes has a high probability of success or controlling precedent or substantial authority, that an Overpayment has been made, the Participant must repay to the Company, without interest provided, however, that no loan will be deemed to have been made and no amount will be payable by the Participant to the Company unless, and then only to the extent that, the deemed loan and payment would either reduce the amount on which the Participant is subject to tax under Section 4999 of 
 
 A- 

the Code or generate a refund of tax imposed under Section 4999 of the Code. If the 280G Firm determines, based upon controlling precedent or substantial authority, that an Underpayment has occurred, the 280G Firm will notify the Participant and the Company of that determination and the amount of that Underpayment will be paid to the Participant promptly by the Company. 
 
 5. The Participant will provide the 280G Firm access to, and copies of, any books, records, and documents in the Participant s possession as reasonably requested by the 280G Firm, and otherwise cooperate with the 280G Firm in connection with the preparation and issuance of the determinations and calculations contemplated by Section 20 of this Award Agreement and this Exhibit A . 
 
 A- 

KAMAN CORPORATION 
 AMENDED AND RESTATED 2013 MANAGEMENT INCENTIVE PLAN 
 RESTRICTIVE COVENANT ADDENDUM 
 _______________ 
 The Participant has been granted an Award pursuant to the Kaman Corporation Amended and Restated 2013 Management Incentive Plan (the Plan ). In consideration for granting the Award, the Participant must acknowledge and agree to this Restrictive Covenant Addendum or decline the Award. 
 _______________ 
 The Participant acknowledges, understands and agrees that by accepting the Award the Participant will be bound by, and will abide by, the Restrictive Covenants set forth below. In the event that the Participant does not wish to abide by the terms of the Restrictive Covenants, the Participant may simply decline the Award. Declining the Award will not have any adverse impact on the Participant s employment with the Company and its Affiliates. The Participant further acknowledges that the Participant has been provided at least ten (10) business days to review the Restrictive Covenants before accepting the Award and has had the opportunity to consult with legal counsel if the Participant so chooses before executing and accepting this Award Agreement (including the Restrictive Covenants incorporated herein). 
 If at any time during the term of the Award while the Participant is an employee of or service provider to the Company or its Affiliates, or within twelve (12) months after the termination of Participant s employment or service, the Participant violates the terms of the Restrictive Covenants, then (i) the unvested portion of the Award shall terminate effective as of the date the Participant entered into such activity (unless the Award is terminated sooner by operation of another term or condition of the Award Agreement or the Plan) and (ii) you shall be required to repay the Company an amount equal to any gains realized upon any vesting or settlement of the Award that occurs during the period beginning 180 days prior to the termination of your employment or any time thereafter. For purposes of this Addendum, the gain realized shall be deemed to be the fair market value of the shares that become vested or settled as of the date of vesting or settlement. 
 Restrictive Covenants 
 The Participant understands that during Participant s employment or service with the Company and its Affiliates, the Participant will have access to the Company s and its Affiliates confidential information and key business relationships. The Participant agrees, therefore, that the Restrictive Covenants, as set forth below, are reasonable and necessary to protect the interests of the Company and its Affiliates. 
 1. Protection of Confidential Information. 
 (a) Definition of Confidential Information. The term Confidential Information means any information about the Company s and its Affiliates business or its employees that is not generally known to the public. Examples of Confidential Information include, but are not limited to, information about customers, vendors, pricing and costs, business strategies and plans, financial data, technology, and 
 ADDENDUM-1 

business methods or processes used or considered by the Company and or its Affiliates. 
 (b) Nondisclosure and Prohibition against Misuse. During Participant s employment or service, Participant will not use or disclose any Confidential Information, without the Company s prior written permission, for any purpose other than performance of Participant s duties for the Company and its Affiliates. 
 (c) Non-Disclosure and Return of Property Upon Termination. After termination of Participant s employment or service, Participant will not use or disclose any Confidential Information for any purpose. Immediately upon termination of Participant s employment or service, Participant will return any Confidential Information in Participant s possession to the Company. If Participant has Confidential Information that has been saved or transferred to any device not owned by the Company and or its Affiliates, Participant will immediately notify the Company, and make such device available to the Company so that it may remove any Confidential Information from the device. 
 2. Protection of Company Interests. 
 (a) Definitions. 
 (i) Company s Business means the products manufactured, marketed and sold an or the services provided by any operation of the Company and or its Affiliates for which the Participant has worked or to which the Participant was assigned or had responsibility (either direct or supervisory), at the time of the termination of the Participant s employment or service and any time during the twenty-four (24) month period prior to such termination. 
 (ii) Restricted Territory means the geographic area(s) within a one hundred (100) mile radius of any and all Company location(s) in or for which the Participant has worked or to which the Participant was assigned or had responsibility (either direct or supervisory) during the twenty-four (24) month period prior to such termination. 
 (b) Non-Competition. During Participant s employment or service and for twelve (12) months after termination of Participant s employment or service, Participant will not directly or indirectly, on behalf of Participant or in conjunction with any other person or entity 
 (i) own any business (other than less than three percent (3 ownership in a publicly traded company) that competes with the Company s Business in the Restricted Territory 
 (ii) work in the Restricted Territory for any person or entity that competes with the Company s Business, in any role (1) that is similar to any position Participant held with the Company and its Affiliates during the twenty-four (24) months preceding the termination of Participant s employment or service, or (2) that may cause Participant to inevitably rely upon or disclose the Company s and or its Affiliates Confidential Information. 
 
 ADDENDUM-2 

(c) Non-Solicitation of Customers and Employees. During Participant s employment or service with the Company and for twelve (12) months after termination of Participant s employment or service, Participant will not directly or indirectly, on behalf of Participant or in conjunction with any other person or entity 
 (i) solicit or accept business from any customer or prospective customer of the Company and or its Affiliates with whom Participant had contact during the last twenty-four (24) months of Participant s service or about whom Participant had any Confidential Information, if the products or services that customer intends to purchase are similar to products or services offered by the Company and or its Affiliates 
 (ii) solicit or hire any employee or independent contractor of the Company and or its Affiliates, who worked for the Company and or its Affiliates during the six (6) months preceding termination of Participant s service, to work for Participant or Participant s new employer. 
 For purposes of this section, solicit means 
 (i) Any comments, conduct or activity that would influence a customer s decision to continue doing business with the Company and or its Affiliates, regardless of who initiates contact and 
 (ii) Any comments, conduct or activity that would influence an employee s or independent contractor s decision to resign employment with the Company and or its Affiliates or accept employment with Participant s new company, regardless of who initiates contact. 
 3. Limitations on Confidentiality. The Participant understands that the foregoing confidentiality provisions do not prohibit Participant from providing truthful information in good faith to any federal, state or local governmental agency, entity or official regarding an alleged violation of federal or state law or regulation or any other disclosures that are protected under the whistleblower provisions of federal or state law. The Participant understands that Participant will not be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal or state trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that (a) is made (i) in confidence to a federal, state, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney and (ii) solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law or (b) is made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal. 
 4. Injunctive Relief and Attorney s Fees . The Participant agrees that in the event Participant breaches the Restrictive Covenants, the Company and its Affiliates will be irreparably harmed and entitled to an injunction restraining any further breach, without the necessity of showing any actual damages or that money damages would not afford an adequate remedy and without the necessity of posting any bond or other security, in addition to any other rights (including clawback and forfeiture) to which the Company and or its Affiliates are entitled. Further, Participant will be responsible for all attorneys fees, costs and expenses incurred by the Company and its Affiliates to enforce the Restrictive Covenants. Additionally, any time periods for restrictions set forth in Section 2 above will be extended by an amount of time equal to the duration of any time period during which Participant in violation of the Restrictive Covenants. 
 
 ADDENDUM-3 

5. Protections for Affiliates. The Restrictive Covenants are intended to benefit all Company Affiliates for which Participant performs services, for which Participant has customer contact or about which Participant receives Confidential Information. Therefore, any Company Affiliate that may be adversely affected by a breach may enforce the Restrictive Covenants regardless of which entity actually employs Participant at the time. 
 6. Clawback . The Participant understands and acknowledges that the Award is subject to any compensation recovery policy that is adopted by the Company or is otherwise required by applicable law, including any Company policies that may be adopted and or modified from time to time, and that the Award is subject to potential cancellation, recoupment, rescission, payback or other action in accordance with the terms of such policy. By accepting the Award, the Participant agrees and consents to the Company s application, implementation and enforcement of any such policy. 
 7. Subsequent Employment Protocol . During Participant s employment or service with the Company and for twelve (12) months after termination of Participant s employment or service, prior to accepting employment with any person or entity, Participant will provide Participant s prospective employer with a copy of the Award Agreement and this Addendum. Additionally, either before accepting subsequent employment or within twenty-four (24) hours of such acceptance, Participant will notify the Company of Participant s prospective employer s name, address and telephone number, and a description of the job duties. 
 8. Certifications . The Participant hereby certifies that Participant (a) has not and will not use or disclose to the Company or its Affiliates any confidential information and or trade secrets belonging to others, including Participant s prior employers (b) will not use any prior inventions made by Participant and which the Company and its Affiliates are not legally entitled to learn of or use and (c) is not subject to any prior agreements that would prevent Participant from fully performing Participant s duties for the Company and its Affiliates. 
 9. Further Acknowledgements . The Participant acknowledges, understands and agrees that the Restrictive Covenants will apply to the Participant irrespective of the amount the Participant earns under the Award Agreement. The Participant also understands and acknowledges that the Company may recover any gains realized upon vesting or settlement of the Award in the event the Participant breaches the Restrictive Covenants after the Award settles or vests. 
 10. Jurisdiction-and Other Specific Requirements. A Participant working in a jurisdiction identified below will be subject to the applicable requirements set forth below 
 (a) California . For employees residing in California at the time of execution of the Award Agreement and this Addendum (including the Restrictive Covenants incorporated herein), Section 2(b), 2(c) of this Addendum shall not apply. 
 (b) Colorado . Section 2(b) of this Addendum does not apply unless the employee who, at the time the covenant not to compete is entered and at the time it is enforced, earns an annualized amount equal to 101,250 as of 2022 (which is adjusted on a yearly basis). Section 2(c) of this Addendum does not apply unless the employee who, at the time the covenant not to solicit is entered and at the time it is enforced, earns an annualized amount equal to 60,750 as of 2022 (which is adjusted on a yearly basis). 
 The Participant may designate receipt and acceptance of the Award via electronic 
 ADDENDUM-4 

confirmation in accordance with instructions that accompany an electronic delivery of this Award Agreement by the Company to the Participant. 
 You must continue employment or service for at least 60 days after the Grant Date and, within that period, acknowledge and agree to the terms of the Award Agreement, including the Addendum containing the Restrictive Covenants. If either of these requirements is not met, the Award will be forfeited. 
 ACKNOWLEDGED AND AGREED 

Participant 

Date 
 
 ADDENDUM-5 

</EX-10.8>

<EX-10.11>
 3
 formofkamanpsuawardagreeme.htm
 EX-10.11

Document 

PERFORMANCE STOCK UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT 
 (Under the Kaman Corporation 
 Amended and Restated 2013 Management Incentive Plan) 
 
 Name of Participant ____________ 
 
 No. of PSUs ______ 
 
 Grant Date ____________ 
 
 Performance Period ____________ through ____________ 

This Performance Stock Unit Award Agreement (the Agreement is between Kaman Corporation, a Connecticut corporation (the Company ), and the Participant named above (the Participant ), a person notified by the Company, and identified in the Company s records, as the recipient of an Award of performance-based Restricted Stock Units Performance Stock Units ). This Agreement is effective as of the Grant Date set forth above. 
 
 The Company wishes to award to the Participant Performance Stock Units representing the opportunity to earn Shares, or cash or other property in lieu of Shares, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, including, without limitation, the terms and conditions of the Restrictive Covenant Addendum attached hereto, the terms of which are fully incorporated herein, in order to carry out the purpose of the Company s Amended and Restated 2013 Management Incentive Plan (the Plan ). 
 
 Accordingly, for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged, the Company and the Participant hereby agree as follows 
 
 1. Award of Performance Stock Units . 
 
 The Company hereby grants to the Participant, effective as of the Grant Date, an Award of Performance Stock Units for that number of Performance Stock Units set forth above (the PSUs ), on the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and the Plan. Each PSU represents the right to receive one Share, or cash or other property in lieu of one Share, subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein. 
 
 2. Rights with Respect to the PSUs . 
 
 The PSUs granted hereunder do not and shall not give the Participant any of the rights and privileges of a shareholder of the Company. The Participant s rights with respect to the PSUs shall remain forfeitable at all times prior to the date or dates on which such rights become vested, and the restrictions with respect to the PSUs lapse, in accordance with Sections 3 or 4 hereof. The Participant s right to receive Shares, cash payments and other distributions with respect to the PSUs is more particularly described in Section 7 hereof. 

3. Vesting . 
 
 (a) Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, including the clawback and forfeiture provisions under Section 6 below, the Earned PSUs (as defined below), if any, shall vest, and the restrictions with respect to the PSUs shall lapse, on the dates and in the amounts set forth in this Agreement if the Participant remains continuously employed by the Company or a Subsidiary until the date the Participant becomes vested in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement. 
 
 (b) The number of PSUs that shall become earned, if any (the Earned PSUs ), following the end of the Performance Period shall be determined (i) with respect to fifty percent (50 of the PSUs by multiplying such PSUs by the Relative TSR Earned Percentage, calculated as set forth in Exhibit A to this Agreement, which percentage may range from zero to two hundred percent (200 and (ii) with respect to the remaining fifty percent (50 of the PSUs by multiplying the PSUs by the ROIC Earned Percentage, calculated as set forth in Exhibit B to this Agreement, which percentage may range from zero to two hundred percent (200 ). 
 
 (c) The Earned PSUs, if any, shall vest on the last day of the Performance Period (the Vesting Date ). 
 
 (d) The calculations under this Section 3 shall be made by the Compensation Committee (the Committee of the Company s Board of Directors (the Board following the end of the Performance Period and any vesting resulting from such calculations shall be effective as of the Vesting Date. Any PSUs that do not vest on the Vesting Date pursuant to the terms of Section 3 or 4 hereof shall be immediately and irrevocably forfeited, including the right to receive cash payments and other distributions pursuant to Sections 7(c) and (d) hereof, as of the Vesting Date. 
 
 (e) The Committee shall have the authority to make any determinations regarding questions arising from the application of the provisions of this Section 3, which determination shall be final, conclusive and binding on the Participant and the Company. 
 
 4. Termination of Employment Forfeiture . 
 
 If the Participant ceases to be employed by the Company or a Subsidiary prior to the vesting or forfeiture of the PSUs pursuant to Section 3 hereof, the Participant s rights to all of the PSUs shall be immediately and irrevocably forfeited, including the right to receive cash payments and other distributions pursuant to Sections 7(c) and (d) hereof. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the PSUs shall vest subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, including the clawback and forfeiture provisions under Section 6 below 
 
 (a) If the Participant s employment with or other service to the Company or a Subsidiary terminates during the Performance Period because of death or Disability (as defined in Section 22(e)(3) of the Code), then the number of PSUs that become earned shall be determined at the end of the Performance Period in accordance with Section 3(b) hereof, and the Earned PSUs, if any, shall become vested on a pro rata basis by multiplying a fraction, the numerator of which shall be the number of calendar days from the beginning of the 

Performance Period to the date of the Participant s termination of employment and the denominator of which shall be the total number of calendar days during the Performance Period. 
 
 (b) In the event that the Participant s employment with the Company or a Subsidiary terminates other than for Cause (as defined below) (i) after attaining age 62 with at least five years of employment service or (ii) after attaining age 65 (a Retirement during the Performance Period, then the number of PSUs that become earned shall be determined at the end of the Performance Period in accordance with Section 3(b) hereof, and the Earned PSUs, if any, shall become vested on a pro rata basis by multiplying a fraction, the numerator of which shall be the number of calendar days from the beginning of the Performance Period to the date of the Participant s termination of employment and the denominator of which shall be the total number of calendar days during the Performance Period. For purposes of this Agreement, Cause means (x) the willful refusal by the Participant to perform proper responsibilities of the Participant s position with the Company or a Subsidiary, (y) a violation of law by the Participant which adversely affects the assets, financial position or reputation of the Company or a Subsidiary, or (z) a violation by the Participant of any code of ethics, code of conduct or similar policy maintained by the Company or a Subsidiary. A Participant s service shall be deemed to have terminated for Cause if, after the Participant s service has terminated, facts and circumstances are discovered that would have justified a termination for Cause. 
 
 5. Restriction on Transfer . 
 
 Except as contemplated by Section 7(a), none of the PSUs may be sold, assigned, transferred, pledged, attached or otherwise encumbered, and no attempt to transfer the PSUs, whether voluntary or involuntary, by operation of law or otherwise, shall vest the transferee with any interest or right in or with respect to the PSUs. 
 
 6. Application of Clawback Policy and Stock Ownership Policy . 
 
 The PSUs and any rights to Shares, cash or other property in connection with the PSUs and any other incentive compensation paid to or received by the Participant, including annual cash incentive compensation granted to the Participant under the Plan, are subject to terms and conditions of the Kaman Corporation Compensation Recoupment Policy and any other Company clawback policy and Company minimum stock ownership policy as may be in effect from time to time (the Policies ). By accepting the PSUs, the Participant voluntarily agrees and acknowledges that (a) the Policies are part of this Performance Stock Unit Award Agreement, (b) the Company may cancel the PSUs, require reimbursement of Shares, cash or other property acquired under the PSUs or any other incentive compensation paid to or received by the Participant, including annual cash incentive compensation granted to the Participant under the Plan and effect any other right of recoupment as provided under the Plan or otherwise in accordance with the Policies as they currently exist or as they may from time to time be adopted or modified in the future by the Company, and (c) the Participant may be required to repay to the Company certain previously paid compensation, whether provided under the Plan, the PSUs, or otherwise in accordance with the Policies. The Company s rights under this Section 6 shall be in addition to its rights under Section 24 of the Plan. 

7. Settlement of PSUs . 
 
 (a) No Shares, or cash or other property in lieu of Shares, shall be issued to the Participant (or the Participant s beneficiary or, if none, the Participant s estate in the event of the Participant s death) prior to the date on which the applicable PSUs vest, in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement. 
 
 (i) Except as otherwise provided in this Section 7(a), the Company shall promptly following the end of the Performance Period, as applicable, but no later than the 15 th day of the third month following the end of the Company s taxable year that includes the last day of the Performance Period, as applicable, with respect to PSUs that vest pursuant to Section 3(c) hereof, subject to any applicable withholding taxes pursuant to Section 9 hereof, cause the Shares underlying the Participant s vested PSUs (as adjusted by the applicable Earned Percentage) to be delivered to the Participant in a manner the Committee deems appropriate, including by a certificate or electronically transfer to the Participant by book-entry (the date of such delivery, the Settlement Date ). The Committee may, in its sole discretion, elect to deliver to the Participant cash or other property in lieu of the Shares underlying the Participant s vested PSUs (as adjusted by the applicable Earned Percentage) provided such cash or other property is in an amount equal to the Fair Market Value of such Shares on the Settlement Date. 
 
 (ii) In the event that the Participant s employment terminates in accordance with the provisions of Section 4(a) or Section 4(b) hereof, the Company shall (x) promptly following the last day of the Performance Period, but no later than the 15th day of the third month following the end of the Company s taxable year that includes the last day of the Performance Period, with respect to PSUs that vest pursuant to Section 4(a) or Section 4(b) hereof on account of the Participant s termination of employment with the Company on or prior to the Vesting Date, subject to any applicable withholding taxes pursuant to Section 9 hereof, cause the Shares underlying the Participant s vested PSUs (as adjusted by the applicable Earned Percentage) to be delivered to the Participant or the Participant s legal representatives, beneficiaries or heirs, as the case may be, in a manner the Committee deems appropriate, including by a certificate or electronically transfer to the Participant by book-entry. The Committee may, in its sole discretion, elect to deliver to the Participant, or the Participant s legal representatives, beneficiaries or heirs, as the case may be, cash or other property in lieu of the Shares underlying the Participant s vested PSUs (as adjusted by the applicable Earned Percentage) provided such cash or other property is in an amount equal to the Fair Market Value of such Shares on the Settlement Date. 
 
 (b) Notwithstanding the foregoing, any distribution (including any distribution of amounts otherwise described in Sections 7(c) and (d) below) to any specified employee as determined in accordance with procedures adopted by the Company that reflect the requirements of Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) of the Code (and any applicable guidance thereunder), that constitutes deferred compensation under Section 409A of the Code and is on account of the Participant s separation from service (within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code) shall be made as soon as reasonably practicable after the first day of the seventh month following such separation from service (or, if earlier, the date of the specified 

employee s death) as required to comply with Section 409A of the Code. The Company will not deliver any fractional Share and will not make any cash payment related to any fractional Share instead, any fractional Share will be eliminated by rounding upward to the nearest whole share if the fractional is 0.5 or greater and otherwise downward to the nearest whole Share. In the event of the Participant s death after the Participant s Retirement or termination of employment and before payment, the number of Shares otherwise deliverable and the amount otherwise payable under Section 7(a) shall be delivered or paid, as applicable, to the Participant s beneficiary or, if none, the Participant s estate as soon as practicable after the Participant s death. No transfer by will or the applicable laws of descent and distribution of any PSUs which vest by reason of the Participant s death shall be effective to bind the Company unless the Committee shall have been furnished with written notice of such transfer and a copy of the will or such other evidence as the Committee may deem necessary to establish the validity of the transfer. 
 
 (c) On each date on which Shares, cash or other property in lieu of Shares under Section 7(a) are delivered to the Participant (or the Participant s beneficiary or, if none, the Participant s estate in the event of the Participant s death), the Company shall also deliver to the Participant (or the Participant s beneficiary or, if none, the Participant s estate in the event of the Participant s death) the number of additional Shares, the number of any other securities of the Company and the value or actual issuance of any other property (in each case as determined by the Committee) (except for cash dividends and other cash distributions), in each case that the Company would have distributed to the Participant during the period commencing on the Grant Date and ending on the Vesting Date in respect of the Shares that are being delivered to the Participant under Section 7(a) had such shares been issued to the Participant on the Grant Date, without interest, and less any tax withholding amount applicable to such distribution. To the extent that the PSUs are forfeited prior to vesting, the right to receive such distributions shall also be forfeited. 
 
 (d) On each date on which Shares, cash or other property in lieu of Shares under Section 7(a) are delivered to the Participant (or the Participant s beneficiary or, if none, the Participant s estate in the event of the Participant s death), the Company shall also deliver to the Participant (or the Participant s beneficiary or, if none, the Participant s estate in the event of the Participant s death) a cash payment equal to the aggregate amount of cash dividends and other cash distributions that the Company would have paid to the Participant during the period commencing on the Grant Date and ending on the applicable vesting date in respect of the Shares that are being delivered to the Participant under Section 7(a) had such shares been issued to the Participant on the Grant Date, without interest, and less any applicable withholding taxes. To the extent that the PSUs are forfeited prior to vesting, the right to receive such cash payment shall also be forfeited. 
 
 8. Adjustments . 
 
 In the event of any event described in Section 12 of the Plan, an appropriate adjustment will be made by the Committee in respect of the PSUs under Section 12 of the Plan. Any new or additional or different Shares or securities covered by this Agreement as the result of such an adjustment will be deemed included within the term PSUs hereunder and will be subject to the provisions of this Agreement. 

9. Taxes . 
 
 (a) The Participant acknowledges that the Participant will consult with the Participant s personal tax advisor regarding the income tax consequences of the grant of the PSUs, the receipt of cash payments or other distributions pursuant to Section 7 hereof, the vesting of the PSUs and the receipt of Shares, cash or other property upon the settlement of the PSUs, and any other matters related to this Agreement. In order to comply with all applicable federal, state, local or foreign income tax laws or regulations, the Company may take such action as it deems appropriate to ensure that all applicable federal, state, local or foreign payroll, withholding, income or other taxes, which are the Participant s sole and absolute responsibility, are withheld or collected from the Participant. 
 
 (b) In accordance with the terms of the Plan, and such rules as may be adopted by the Committee, the Participant may elect to satisfy any applicable tax withholding obligations arising from the vesting of the PSUs and the corresponding receipt of Shares and cash or other payments by (i) delivering cash (including check, draft, money order or wire transfer made payable to the order of the Company), (ii) having the Company withhold a portion of the Shares or cash otherwise to be delivered or paid having a Fair Market Value equal to the minimum statutory withholding amount or such greater amount as may be permitted under applicable accounting standards, or (iii) delivering to the Company Shares having a Fair Market Value equal to the amount of such taxes. The Participant s election must be made on or before the date that the amount of tax to be withheld is determined. The maximum number of Shares that may be withheld to satisfy any applicable tax withholding obligations arising from the vesting and settlement of the PSUs may not exceed such number of Shares having a Fair Market Value equal to the minimum statutory amount required by the Company to be withheld and paid to any federal, state, or local taxing authority with respect to such vesting and settlement of the PSUs, or such greater amount as may be permitted under applicable accounting standards, at the discretion of the Company. If the Participant does not make a tax withholding election under this Section 9(b), the Company shall withhold Shares, cash or other property as provided in Section 9(b)(ii) above. 
 
 (c) Notwithstanding any other provision in this Agreement to the contrary, any payment or benefit received or to be received by the Participant in connection with a Change in Control or the termination of employment (whether payable under the terms of this Agreement or any other plan, arrangement or agreement with the Company or one of its Subsidiaries (collectively, the Payments that would constitute a parachute payment within the meaning of Section 280G of the Code, shall be reduced to the extent necessary so that no portion thereof shall be subject to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code (the Excise Tax ), but only if, by reason of such reduction, the net after-tax benefit received by the Participant shall exceed the net after-tax benefit that would be received by the Participant if no such reduction was made. Whether and how the limitation under this Section 9(c) is applicable shall be determined under the Section 280G Rules set forth in Exhibit C to this Agreement, which shall be enforceable as if set forth in this Agreement. 
 
 10. Reserved . 

11. General Provisions . 
 
 (a) Interpretations . This Agreement is subject in all respects to the terms of the Plan. A copy of the Plan is available upon the Participant s request. Terms used herein which are defined in the Plan shall have the respective meanings given to such terms in the Plan, unless otherwise defined herein. In the event that any provision of this Agreement is inconsistent with the terms of the Plan, the terms of the Plan shall govern. Any question of administration or interpretation arising under this Agreement shall be determined by the Committee, and such determination shall be final, conclusive and binding upon all parties in interest. To the extent that any Award granted by the Company is subject to Section 409A of the Code, such Award shall be subject to terms and conditions that comply with the requirements of Section 409A of the Code to avoid adverse tax consequences under Section 409A of the Code. 
 
 (b) Integrated Agreement . This Agreement , including the Restrictive Covenant Addendum attached hereto, and the Plan constitute the entire understanding and agreement between the Company and the Participant with respect to the subject matter contained herein and supersedes any prior agreements, understandings, restrictions, representations, or warranties between the Company and the Participant with respect to such subject matter other than those as set forth or provided for herein. 
 
 (c) Amendment of PSU Award . No provision of this Agreement may be amended, modified or waived unless such amendment, modification or waiver shall be authorized by the Committee provided, that no such amendment or modification shall adversely affect the Participant s material rights under this Agreement without the Participant's consent, except to comply with laws, regulations or rules under Section 18.8 of the Plan. 
 
 (d) No Right to Employment . Nothing in this Agreement or the Plan shall be construed as giving the Participant the right to be retained as an employee of the Company or any Subsidiary. In addition, the Company or any Subsidiary may at any time dismiss the Participant from employment, free from any liability or any claim under this Agreement, unless otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement. 
 
 (e) Consent to Transfer of Data . By accepting this Agreement, the Participant hereby consents to the collection, use, disclosure, and transfer (including overseas) of the Participant s personal data in connection with, or as necessary or appropriate for, the administration of this award and the Plan under which it is issued, including without limitation to Solium Capital LLC and Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC (collectively with their respective affiliates, Shareworks ), service providers which are assisting the Company with the implementation and administration of the Plan. The Company may select one or more different service providers or additional service providers and share personal data with such other service providers in a similar manner. Participant may be asked to agree on separate terms and data processing practices with the service providers, with such agreement being a condition to the ability to participate in the Plan and access any Participant portal that may be provided by service provider. Participant hereby agrees that this Section 11(e) shall apply to all other outstanding awards granted to Participant under the Plan, any predecessor plan thereto or the Kaman Corporation 2003 Stock Incentive Plan, including any awards granted pursuant to 

Restricted Share Agreements, Non-Statutory Stock Option Agreements, Performance Stock Unit Agreements, and Restricted Stock Unit Agreements, as if this provision were set out in such award agreements. 
 
 (f) Securities Matters . The Company shall not be required to deliver any Shares, or any certificates therefore or book-entry transfer notation thereof, until the requirements of any federal or state securities or other laws, rules or regulations (including the rules of any securities exchange) as may be determined by the Company to be applicable are satisfied. 
 
 (g) Headings . Headings are given to the sections and subsections of this Agreement solely as a convenience to facilitate reference. Such headings shall not be deemed in any way material or relevant to the construction or interpretation of this Agreement or any provision hereof. 
 
 (h) Sections . Sections (if any) that are referenced but intentionally omitted from this Agreement shall not be deemed in any way material or relevant to the construction or interpretation of this Agreement or any provision hereof. 
 
 (i) Governing Law . The validity, construction, interpretation and effect of this Agreement shall exclusively be governed by and determined in accordance with the laws of the State of Connecticut, except to the extent preempted by federal law, which shall to the extent of such preemption govern. 
 
 (j) Notices . 
 
 (i) Any notice to the Company pursuant to any provision of this Agreement will be deemed to have been delivered when delivered in person to the President or Secretary of the Company, when deposited in the United States mail, addressed to the President or Secretary of the Company, at the Company s corporate offices, when delivered to the President or Secretary of the Company by electronic mail, or when delivered to such other address as the Company may from time to time designate in writing. 
 
 (ii) Any notice to the Participant pursuant to any provision of this Agreement will be deemed to have been delivered when delivered to the Participant in person, when deposited in the United States mail, addressed to the Participant at the address on the shareholder records of the Company, when delivered to the Participant by electronic mail, or when delivered to such other address as the Participant may from time to time designate in writing. 
 
 (k) Offset . Any severance or other payment or benefits to the Participant under the Company s plans and agreements may be reduced in the Company s discretion, by any amounts that the Participant owes the Company under Section 6 of this Agreement, provided that any such offset occurs at a time so that it does not violate Section 409A of the Code and is permitted under applicable laws. 
 
 (l) Electronic Delivery . In lieu of receiving documents in paper format, the Participant agrees, to the fullest extent permitted by law, to accept electronic delivery of any documents that the Company may be required to deliver (including, but not limited to, 

prospectuses, prospectus supplements, grant or award notifications and agreements, account statements, annual and quarterly reports, and all other agreements, forms and communications) in connection with this and any other prior or future incentive award or program made or offered by the Company or its predecessors or successors. Electronic delivery of a document to the Participant may be via a Company e-mail system or by reference to a location on a Company intranet site to which the Participant has access. 
 
 (m) Savings Clause . If any provision(s) of this Agreement shall be determined to be illegal or unenforceable, such determination shall in no manner affect the legality or enforceability of any other provision hereof. 
 
 (n) Award Agreement and Related Documents . This PSU Agreement shall have no force or effect unless the Participant has been notified by the Company, and identified in the Company s records, as the recipient of a PSU grant. 
 
 YOU MUST REVIEW AND ACKNOWLEDGE ACCEPTANCE OF THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT, INCLUDING SPECIFICALLY THE RESTRICTIVE COVENANT ADDENDUM ATTACHED HERETO, THE CLAWBACK AND FORFEITURE PROVISIONS UNDER SECTION 6 OF THIS AGREEMENT AND THE COMPANY S OFFSET PROVISIONS, BY EXECUTING THIS AGREEMENT AND THE RESTRICTIVE COVENANT ADDENDUM ATTACHED HERETO ELECTRONICALLY WITHIN 60 DAYS OF THE DATE OF GRANT PROVIDED, HOWEVER, THAT THE COMMITTEE MAY, AT ITS DISCRETION, EXTEND THIS DATE. FAILURE TO ACCEPT THE REFERENCED TERMS AND TO EXECUTE THIS AGREEMENT AND THE RESTRICTIVE COVENANT ADDENDUM ATTACHED HERETO ELECTRONICALLY WILL PRECLUDE YOU FROM RECEIVING YOUR PSU GRANT. 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement effective as of the Grant Date specified above. 
 KAMAN CORPORATION 

By ___________________________________ 
 Name 
 Title 

PARTICIPANT 

_______________________________________ 
 Name 

PERFORMANCE STOCK UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT EXHIBIT A 
 
 RELATIVE TSR PERFORMANCE CRITERIA 
 
 Fifty percent (50 of the PSUs shall become earned based on the Company s total shareholder return TSR for the Performance Period relative to the TSRs of the Russell 2000 Companies (as defined below), as determined by the Committee. The PSUs that shall become earned, if any, following the end of the Performance Period shall be determined by multiplying the number of PSUs granted by the Relative TSR Earned Percentage, as determined below, provided that the maximum Relative TSR Earned Percentage for the Performance Period shall be . Any PSUs that do not become earned at the end of the Performance Period will be forfeited. 
 
 The Relative TSR Earned Percentage shall be determined according to the following grid 
 
 Company TSR Relative to the TSRs of the Russell 2000 Companies for the Performance Period 
 Relative TSR Earned Percentage 
 Below th Percentile 
 (Threshold) 
 th Percentile 
 
 th Percentile 
 
 th Percentile or Higher 
 (Maximum) 

Interpolation To the extent performance falls between two levels in the table above, linear interpolation shall apply in determining the percentage of the PSUs that are earned. The criteria in the table above notwithstanding, in the event the Company s TSR over the Performance Period is negative, the maximum percent of the PSUs to become earned shall be . 
 
 1. Relative Total Shareholder Return means the Company s TSR relative to the TSR of the Russell 2000 Companies. Relative Total Shareholder Return will be determined by ranking the Company and the Russell 2000 Companies from highest to lowest according to their respective TSRs. After this ranking, the percentile performance of the Company relative to the Russell 2000 Companies will be determined as follows 
 
 P 1 - R - 1 
 N - 1 
 where 
 P represents the percentile performance which will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest whole percentile by application of regular rounding. 

N represents the number of Russell 2000 Companies as of the Vesting Date, plus the Company. 
 R represents Company s ranking among the Russell 2000 Companies. 
 
 Relative Total Shareholder Return shall be calculated by the Committee based on the terms set forth in this Exhibit A subject to the Committee s sole and absolute discretion. 
 
 2. TSR means, for the Company and each of the Russell 2000 Companies, the company s total shareholder return, expressed as a percentage, which will be calculated by dividing (i) the Closing Average Share Value by (ii) the Opening Average Share Value and subtracting one from the quotient. 
 
 Example An illustrative example of a TSR calculation is attached at the end of this Exhibit A. 
 
 3. Opening Average Share Value means the average Share Value over the trading days in the Opening Average Period. 
 
 4. Opening Average Period means the 20 trading days immediately following ____________ . 
 
 5. Accumulated Shares means, for a given trading day, the sum of (i) one (1) share and (ii) the cumulative number of shares of the company s common stock purchasable with dividends declared on the company s common stock to that point during the Performance Period, assuming same day reinvestment of such dividends at the closing price on the ex-dividend date. 
 
 6. Closing Average Share Value means the average Share Value over the trading days in the Closing Average Period. 
 
 7. Closing Average Period means the 20 trading days immediately preceding ____________ . 
 
 8. Share Value means, with respect to a given trading day, the closing price of the company s common stock multiplied by the Accumulated Shares for such trading day. 
 
 9. Russell 2000 Companies means, for the Performance Period, each company that is in the Russell 2000 Index on the first day of the Performance Period and continues to be a member of such index throughout the full duration of that Performance Period. For the avoidance of doubt, each company that is in the Russell 2000 Index on the first day of the Performance Period and ceases to be in the Russell 2000 Index (or its successor) during the Performance Period for any reason, including due to its bankruptcy or insolvency, shall not be a Russell 2000 Company for purposes of this Agreement. In the event the Russell 2000 Index ceases to exist for any reason during a Performance Period, the Committee shall determine in its sole discretion the companies whose TSRs will be used to determine the Company s Relative Total Shareholder Return for the Performance Period. 

A-2 

Each Russell 2000 Company s common stock shall mean that series of common stock that is publicly traded on a registered U.S. exchange or, in the case of a non-U.S. company, an equivalent non- U.S. exchange. For purposes of calculating TSR, the value on any given trading day of any Russell Company shares traded on a foreign exchange will be converted to U.S. dollars. 
 
 The following example illustrates the calculation of TSR for the Company with a Performance Period that extends from ____________ to ____________ . 
 
 Opening Average Share Value _______ _______ _______ 
 Closing Average Share Value _______ _______ _______ 
 TSR (expressed as percentage) _______ 
 
 Opening Average 
 Closing Average 
 
 Date 
 Closing 
 
 Dividend 
 Accumulated 
 Share 
 
 Date 
 Closing 
 
 Dividend 
 Accumulated 
 Share Price 
 Shares 
 Value 
 Price 
 Shares 
 Value 

Average 

Average 

Note Above table is for illustrative purposes only. The Closing Average Share Value can only be determined once the Performance Period is completed. 
 A-3 

PERFORMANCE STOCK UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT EXHIBIT B 
 ROIC PERFORMANCE CRITERIA 
 Fifty percent (50 of the PSUs shall become earned based on the Company s return on total capital ROIC for the Performance Period measured against the Target ROIC Achievement (as defined below) for the Performance Period, as determined by the Committee. The PSUs that shall become earned, if any, following the end of the Performance Period shall be determined by multiplying the number of PSUs granted by the ROIC Earned Percentage, as determined below, provided that the maximum ROIC Earned Percentage for the Performance Period shall be . Any PSUs that do not become earned at the end of the Performance Period will be forfeited. 
 
 Average return on total capital will be calculated by the Committee as the simple average of total return on capital achieved by the Company in each of the three years of the Performance Period. For purposes of this calculation, return on capital is defined as earnings before interest and tax EBIT divided by the sum of total debt (short-term debt, long-term debt and capital leases) plus equity. The Target ROIC Achievement for the Performance Period shall be an average return on total capital for the three years of the Performance Period of . 
 
 The ROIC Earned Percentage shall be determined according to the following grid for the Performance Period of 
 
 Company ROIC Achievement for the Performance Period vs. Target 
 Company ROIC Target 
 ROIC Earned Percentage 
 Below Achievement 
 
 (Threshold) 
 Achievement 

Achievement 

or Greater Achievement 

Interpolation To the extent performance falls between two levels in the table above, linear interpolation shall apply in determining the percentage of the PSUs that are earned. 
 
 If the occurrence of any unbudgeted or unanticipated item during the Performance Period would make fair and equitable measurement of the ROIC for the Performance Period no longer practical, the Committee will adjust and modify the performance goals set forth herein to preserve (but not enhance) the incentives contemplated by this Award Agreement. For purposes of this Exhibit B, unbudgeted or unanticipated items shall include, costs associated with natural disasters, storms or pandemics, foreign exchange variations, changes in accounting principles or tax laws, material litigation costs that could not have been reasonably anticipated in the ordinary course of business, costs of severance or other reductions in force, asset write-downs or impairments, including, but not limited to, goodwill and other intangible assets, capital markets transactions, restructurings or recapitalizations, business combinations or consolidations, divestiture activity, stock splits or reverse splits, extraordinary special stock dividends, rights offerings, spin-offs, or similar transactions. For avoidance of doubt, any adjustment or modification under this paragraph shall 
 B-1 

be made as an exercise of the Committee s authority under Section 4.2 of the Plan, and shall in no event be treated as an amendment of this Agreement. 
 B-2 

SECTION 280G RULES EXHIBIT C 
 
 The following rules shall apply for purposes of determining whether and how the limitations provided under Section 9(c) are applicable to the Participant. 
 
 1. The net after-tax benefit shall mean (i) the Payments (as defined in Section 9(c)) which the Participant receives or is then entitled to receive from the Company or a Subsidiary or Affiliate that would constitute parachute payments within the meaning of Section 280G of the Code, less (ii) the amount of all federal, state and local income and employment taxes payable by the Participant with respect to the foregoing calculated at the highest marginal income tax rate for each year in which the foregoing shall be paid to the Participant (based on the rate in effect for such year as set forth in the Code as in effect at the time of the first payment of the foregoing), less (iii) the amount of Excise Tax imposed with respect to the payments and benefits described in (i) above. 
 
 2. All determinations under Section 9(c) of this Agreement and this Exhibit C will be made by an accounting firm or law firm that is selected for this purpose by the Company s Chief Executive Officer prior to a Change in Control (the 280G Firm ). All fees and expenses of the 280G Firm shall be borne by the Company. The Company will direct the 280G Firm to submit any determination it makes under Section 9(c) of this Agreement and this Exhibit C and detailed supporting calculations to both the Participant and the Company as soon as reasonably practicable. 
 
 3. If the 280G Firm determines that one or more reductions are required under Section 9(c) of this Agreement, the 280G Firm shall also determine which Payments shall be reduced (first from cash payments and then from non-cash benefits, in each such case first from amounts not subject to Section 409A of the Code and then from amounts subject to Section 409A of the Code, with the Payments that otherwise would be made last in time reduced first) to the extent necessary so that no portion thereof shall be subject to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code, and the Company shall pay such reduced amount to the Participant. 
 
 4. As a result of the uncertainty in the application of Section 280G at the time that the 280G Firm makes its determinations under this Section, it is possible that amounts will have been paid or distributed to the Participant that should not have been paid or distributed (collectively, the Overpayments ), or that additional amounts should be paid or distributed to the Participant (collectively, the Underpayments ). If the 280G Firm determines, based on either the assertion of a deficiency by the Internal Revenue Service against the Company or the Participant, which assertion the 280G Firm believes has a high probability of success or controlling precedent or substantial authority, that an Overpayment has been made, the Participant must repay to the Company, without interest provided, however, that no loan will be deemed to have been made and no amount will be payable by the Participant to the Company unless, and then only to the extent that, the deemed loan and payment would either reduce the amount on which the Participant is subject to tax under Section 4999 of the Code or generate a refund of tax imposed under Section 4999 of the Code. If the 280G Firm determines, based upon controlling precedent or substantial authority, that an Underpayment has occurred, the 280G Firm will notify the Participant and the Company of that determination and the amount of that Underpayment will be paid to the Participant promptly by the Company. 
 C-1 

5. The Participant will provide the 280G Firm access to, and copies of, any books, records, and documents in the Participant s possession as reasonably requested by the 280G Firm, and otherwise cooperate with the 280G Firm in connection with the preparation and issuance of the determinations and calculations contemplated by Section 9(c) of this Agreement and this Exhibit C. 
 
 C-2 

KAMAN CORPORATION 
 AMENDED AND RESTATED 2013 MANAGEMENT INCENTIVE PLAN 
 RESTRICTIVE COVENANT ADDENDUM 
 _______________ 
 The Participant has been granted an Award pursuant to the Kaman Corporation Amended and Restated 2013 Management Incentive Plan (the Plan ). In consideration for granting the Award, the Participant must acknowledge and agree to this Restrictive Covenant Addendum or decline the Award. 
 _______________ 
 The Participant acknowledges, understands and agrees that by accepting the Award the Participant will be bound by, and will abide by, the Restrictive Covenants set forth below. In the event that the Participant does not wish to abide by the terms of the Restrictive Covenants, the Participant may simply decline the Award. Declining the Award will not have any adverse impact on the Participant s employment with the Company and its Affiliates. The Participant further acknowledges that the Participant has been provided at least ten (10) business days to review the Restrictive Covenants before accepting the Award and has had the opportunity to consult with legal counsel if the Participant so chooses before executing and accepting this Award Agreement (including the Restrictive Covenants incorporated herein). 
 If at any time during the term of the Award while the Participant is an employee of or service provider to the Company or its Affiliates, or within twelve (12) months after the termination of Participant s employment or service, the Participant violates the terms of the Restrictive Covenants, then (i) the unvested portion of the Award shall terminate effective as of the date the Participant entered into such activity (unless the Award is terminated sooner by operation of another term or condition of the Award Agreement or the Plan) and (ii) you shall be required to repay the Company an amount equal to any gains realized upon any vesting or settlement of the Award that occurs during the period beginning 180 days prior to the termination of your employment or any time thereafter. For purposes of this Addendum, the gain realized shall be deemed to be the fair market value of the shares that become vested or settled as of the date of vesting or settlement. 
 Restrictive Covenants 
 The Participant understands that during Participant s employment or service with the Company and its Affiliates, the Participant will have access to the Company s and its Affiliates confidential information and key business relationships. The Participant agrees, therefore, that the Restrictive Covenants, as set forth below, are reasonable and necessary to protect the interests of the Company and its Affiliates. 
 ADDENDUM-1 

1. Protection of Confidential Information. 
 (a) Definition of Confidential Information. The term Confidential Information means any information about the Company s and its Affiliates business or its employees that is not generally known to the public. Examples of Confidential Information include, but are not limited to, information about customers, vendors, pricing and costs, business strategies and plans, financial data, technology, and business methods or processes used or considered by the Company and or its Affiliates. 
 (b) Nondisclosure and Prohibition against Misuse. During Participant s employment or service, Participant will not use or disclose any Confidential Information, without the Company s prior written permission, for any purpose other than performance of Participant s duties for the Company and its Affiliates. 
 (c) Non-Disclosure and Return of Property Upon Termination. After termination of Participant s employment or service, Participant will not use or disclose any Confidential Information for any purpose. Immediately upon termination of Participant s employment or service, Participant will return any Confidential Information in Participant s possession to the Company. If Participant has Confidential Information that has been saved or transferred to any device not owned by the Company and or its Affiliates, Participant will immediately notify the Company, and make such device available to the Company so that it may remove any Confidential Information from the device. 
 2. Protection of Company Interests. 
 (a) Definitions. 
 (i) Company s Business means the products manufactured, marketed and sold an or the services provided by any operation of the Company and or its Affiliates for which the Participant has worked or to which the Participant was assigned or had responsibility (either direct or supervisory), at the time of the termination of the Participant s employment or service and any time during the twenty-four (24) month period prior to such termination. 
 (ii) Restricted Territory means the geographic area(s) within a one hundred (100) mile radius of any and all Company location(s) in or for which the Participant has worked or to which the Participant was assigned or had responsibility (either direct or supervisory) during the twenty-four (24) month period prior to such termination. 
 (b) Non-Competition. During Participant s employment or service and for twelve (12) months after termination of Participant s employment or service, Participant will not directly or indirectly, on behalf of Participant or in conjunction with any other person or entity 
 (i) own any business (other than less than three percent (3 ownership in a publicly traded company) that competes with the Company s Business in the Restricted Territory 
 (ii) work in the Restricted Territory for any person or entity that competes with the Company s Business, in any role (1) that is similar to any 
 ADDENDUM-2 

position Participant held with the Company and its Affiliates during the twenty-four (24) months preceding the termination of Participant s employment or service, or (2) that may cause Participant to inevitably rely upon or disclose the Company s and or its Affiliates Confidential Information. 
 (c) Non-Solicitation of Customers and Employees. During Participant s employment or service with the Company and for twelve (12) months after termination of Participant s employment or service, Participant will not directly or indirectly, on behalf of Participant or in conjunction with any other person or entity 
 (i) solicit or accept business from any customer or prospective customer of the Company and or its Affiliates with whom Participant had contact during the last twenty-four (24) months of Participant s service or about whom Participant had any Confidential Information, if the products or services that customer intends to purchase are similar to products or services offered by the Company and or its Affiliates 
 (ii) solicit or hire any employee or independent contractor of the Company and or its Affiliates, who worked for the Company and or its Affiliates during the six (6) months preceding termination of Participant s service, to work for Participant or Participant s new employer. 
 For purposes of this section, solicit means 
 (i) Any comments, conduct or activity that would influence a customer s decision to continue doing business with the Company and or its Affiliates, regardless of who initiates contact and 
 (ii) Any comments, conduct or activity that would influence an employee s or independent contractor s decision to resign employment with the Company and or its Affiliates or accept employment with Participant s new company, regardless of who initiates contact. 
 3. Limitations on Confidentiality. The Participant understands that the foregoing confidentiality provisions do not prohibit Participant from providing truthful information in good faith to any federal, state or local governmental agency, entity or official regarding an alleged violation of federal or state law or regulation or any other disclosures that are protected under the whistleblower provisions of federal or state law. The Participant understands that Participant will not be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal or state trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that (a) is made (i) in confidence to a federal, state, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney and (ii) solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law or (b) is made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal. 
 4. Injunctive Relief and Attorney s Fees . The Participant agrees that in the event Participant breaches the Restrictive Covenants, the Company and its Affiliates will be irreparably harmed and entitled to an injunction restraining any further breach, without the necessity of showing any actual damages or that money damages would not afford an adequate remedy and without the necessity of posting any bond or other security, in addition to any other rights (including clawback and forfeiture) to which the Company and or its Affiliates are entitled. 
 ADDENDUM-3 

Further, Participant will be responsible for all attorneys fees, costs and expenses incurred by the Company and its Affiliates to enforce the Restrictive Covenants. Additionally, any time periods for restrictions set forth in Section 2 above will be extended by an amount of time equal to the duration of any time period during which Participant in violation of the Restrictive Covenants. 
 5. Protections for Affiliates. The Restrictive Covenants are intended to benefit all Company Affiliates for which Participant performs services, for which Participant has customer contact or about which Participant receives Confidential Information. Therefore, any Company Affiliate that may be adversely affected by a breach may enforce the Restrictive Covenants regardless of which entity actually employs Participant at the time. 
 6. Clawback . The Participant understands and acknowledges that the Award is subject to any compensation recovery policy that is adopted by the Company or is otherwise required by applicable law, including any Company policies that may be adopted and or modified from time to time, and that the Award is subject to potential cancellation, recoupment, rescission, payback or other action in accordance with the terms of such policy. By accepting the Award, the Participant agrees and consents to the Company s application, implementation and enforcement of any such policy. 
 7. Subsequent Employment Protocol . During Participant s employment or service with the Company and for twelve (12) months after termination of Participant s employment or service, prior to accepting employment with any person or entity, Participant will provide Participant s prospective employer with a copy of the Award Agreement and this Addendum. Additionally, either before accepting subsequent employment or within twenty-four (24) hours of such acceptance, Participant will notify the Company of Participant s prospective employer s name, address and telephone number, and a description of the job duties. 
 8. Certifications . The Participant hereby certifies that Participant (a) has not and will not use or disclose to the Company or its Affiliates any confidential information and or trade secrets belonging to others, including Participant s prior employers (b) will not use any prior inventions made by Participant and which the Company and its Affiliates are not legally entitled to learn of or use and (c) is not subject to any prior agreements that would prevent Participant from fully performing Participant s duties for the Company and its Affiliates. 
 9. Further Acknowledgements . The Participant acknowledges, understands and agrees that the Restrictive Covenants will apply to the Participant irrespective of the amount the Participant earns under the Award Agreement. The Participant also understands and acknowledges that the Company may recover any gains realized upon vesting or settlement of the Award in the event the Participant breaches the Restrictive Covenants after the Award settles or vests. 
 10. Jurisdiction-and Other Specific Requirements. A Participant working in a jurisdiction identified below will be subject to the applicable requirements set forth below 
 (a) California. For employees residing in California at the time of execution of the Award Agreement and this Addendum (including the Restrictive Covenants incorporated herein), Section 2(b), 2(c) of this Addendum shall not apply. 
 ADDENDUM-4 

(b) Colorado. Section 2(b) of this Addendum does not apply unless the employee who, at the time the covenant not to compete is entered and at the time it is enforced, earns an annualized amount equal to 101,250 as of 2022 (which is adjusted on a yearly basis). Section 2(c) of this Addendum does not apply unless the employee who, at the time the covenant not to solicit is entered and at the time it is enforced, earns an annualized amount equal to 60,750 as of 2022 (which is adjusted on a yearly basis). 
 The Participant may designate receipt and acceptance of the Award via electronic confirmation in accordance with instructions that accompany an electronic delivery of this Award Agreement by the Company to the Participant. 
 You must continue employment or service for at least 60 days after the Grant Date and, within that period, acknowledge and agree to the terms of the Award Agreement, including the Addendum containing the Restrictive Covenants. If either of these requirements is not met, the Award will be forfeited. 
 ACKNOWLEDGED AND AGREED 

Participant 

Date 
 
 ADDENDUM-5 

</EX-10.11>

<EX-10.29(A)>
 4
 exhibit1029achangeincontrol.htm
 EX-10.29(A)

Document 
 Schedule 10.29(a) 

 SCHEDULE IDENTIFYING AGREEMENTS SUBSTANTIALLY IDENTICAL TO THE FORM 
 OF CHANGE IN CONTROL AGREEMENT 
 
 In accordance with Instruction 2 to Item 601 of Regulation S-K, Kaman Corporation has omitted filing Change in Control Agreements with each of the executive officers listed below, which agreements are substantially identical in all material respects to the form of Change in Control Agreement filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 8, 2022, with the changes noted below 
 
 Executive Officer Applicability of Language for Executive that already has a Change in Control Agreement (Y N) Multiple for purposes of Section 5.1(a)(i) and (ii) Ian K. Walsh Y Three (3) times James G. Coogan Y Two (2) times Wilfredo R. Dilig N Two (2) times Carroll K. Lane N Two (2) times Megan A. Morgan N Two (2) times Richard S. Smith, Jr. N Two (2) times Kristen M. Samson N Two (2) times 

</EX-10.29(A)>

<EX-21>
 5
 kamn-12312022ex21.htm
 EX-21

Document 

Exhibit 21 
 
 KAMAN CORPORATION 
 
 SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 Following is a list of the Corporation's subsidiaries, each of which, unless otherwise indicated, is wholly owned by the Corporation either directly or through another subsidiary. Second tier subsidiaries are listed under the name of the parent subsidiary. Name State of Incorporation Registrant KAMAN CORPORATION Connecticut Subsidiaries Kaman Aerospace Group, Inc. Connecticut Kaman Aerospace Corporation Delaware K-MAX Corporation Connecticut Kaman X Corporation Connecticut Kamatics Corporation Connecticut Twain Acquisition, LLC Delaware Aircraft Wheel and Brake, LLC Delaware RWG Germany GmbH Germany Kaman Lux Holding, S. r.l. Luxembourg Kaman Holding Germany GmbH Germany GRW Bearing GmbH 
 Germany Verwaltungsgesellschaft Reinfurt mbH 
 Germany GRW R s.r.o. Czech Republic Gebr. Reinfurt GmbH & Co. KG 
 Germany GRW Management Inc. 
 Virginia GRW High Precision Bearings, LP 
 Virginia Reinfurt- R, k.s. Czech Republic Kaman Specialty Bearings Pte. Ltd. Singapore Kaman Engineering Services, Inc. Washington Kaman Composites - Vermont, Inc. Vermont Kaman Composites - Wichita, Inc. Delaware Kaman Precision Products, Inc. Florida Kaman EMEA, Inc. Delaware EXTEX Engineered Products, Inc. Delaware KEX Canada, Inc. 
 Canada (BC) Kaman Specialty Bearings & Engineered Products GmbH Germany Kaman Acquisition USA, Inc. Connecticut Bal Seal Engineering, LLC California ASC Continental AG Switzerland Bal Seal Engineering Europe BV Netherlands Bal Seal Asia Limited Hong Kong 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 6
 kamn-12312022ex23.htm
 EX-23

Document 

Exhibit 23 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-8 (No. 333-188247, 333-116371, 333-225615 and 333-212080) of Kaman Corporation of our report dated February 23, 2023 relating to the financial statements, financial statement schedule and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, which appears in this Form 10-K. 
 s PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
 Hartford, Connecticut 
 February 23, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-24>
 7
 kamn-12312022ex24.htm
 EX-24

Document 

Exhibit 24 
 POWER OF ATTORNEY 

KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each of the undersigned does hereby appoint and constitute Ian K. Walsh and James G. Coogan and each of them as his or her agent and attorney-in-fact to execute in his or her name, place and stead (whether on behalf of the undersigned individually or as an officer or director of Kaman Corporation or otherwise) the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Kaman Corporation respecting its fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 and any and all amendments thereto and to file such Form 10-K and any such amendment thereto with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Each of the said attorneys shall have the power to act hereunder with or without the other. 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have executed this instrument as of the dates indicated. 
 February 20, 2023 s Aisha M. Barry Date February 20, 2023 s E. Reeves Callaway III Date February 20, 2023 s A. William Higgins Date February 20, 2023 s Scott E. Kuechle Date February 20, 2023 s Michelle J. Lohmeier Date February 20, 2023 s Jennifer M. Pollino Date February 22, 2023 s Niharika Taskar Ramdev Date February 20, 2023 s Ian K. Walsh Date 

</EX-24>

<EX-31.1>
 8
 kamn-12312022ex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 Certification Pursuant to Rule 
 13a-14 under the Securities and 
 Exchange Act of 1934 
 I, Ian K. Walsh, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Kaman Corporation 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report, based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. Date February 23, 2023 By s Ian K. Walsh Ian. K. Walsh Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 9
 kamn-12312022ex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 Certification Pursuant to Rule 
 13a-14 under the Securities and 
 Exchange Act of 1934 
 I, James G. Coogan, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Kaman Corporation 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report, based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. Date February 23, 2023 By s James G. Coogan James G. Coogan Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 10
 kamn-12312022ex321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 Certification Pursuant to 
 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, 
 As Adopted Pursuant to 
 Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Kaman Corporation (the Corporation on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Ian K. Walsh, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Corporation, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge 
 1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and 
 2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Corporation. By s Ian K. Walsh Ian K. Walsh Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer February 23, 2023 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 11
 kamn-12312022ex322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 Certification Pursuant to 
 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, 
 As Adopted Pursuant to 
 Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Kaman Corporation (the Corporation on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, James G. Coogan, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Corporation, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge 
 1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and 
 2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Corporation. By s James G. Coogan James G. Coogan Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer February 23, 2023 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 12
 kamn-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 13
 kamn-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 14
 kamn-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 15
 kamn-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 16
 kamn-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

