<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230227_10-K_edgar_data_1607939_0001607939-23-000034.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>13282407</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>639347</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2326548</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4207226</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3132917</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2730525</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>19</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001607939-23-000034.hdr.sgml : 20230227
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230227161159
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001607939-23-000034
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		116
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230227
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230227

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Udemy, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001607939
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-EDUCATIONAL SERVICES [8200]
		IRS NUMBER:				271779864
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40956
		FILM NUMBER:		23674943

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		600 HARRISON STREET
		STREET 2:		3RD FLOOR
		CITY:			SAN FRANCISCO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94107
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(510) 378-4789

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		600 HARRISON STREET
		STREET 2:		3RD FLOOR
		CITY:			SAN FRANCISCO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94107

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001607939-23-000034.txt : 20230227

10-K
 1
 udmy-20221231.htm
 10-K

udmy-20221231 
 
 Table of Contents 

 UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 
 or 
 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from ___________ to ___________ 
 
 Commission File Number 
 
 (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) 
 (State or Other Jurisdiction of 
 Incorporation or Organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , 
 , 
 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s Telephone Number, Including Area Code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 (Title of class) 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 
 Yes 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 
 Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Accelerated filer 
 Non-accelerated filer 
 Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared to issued its audit report. 
 
 If the securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 Based on the closing price of the Registrant s Common Stock on the last business day of the Registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, which was June 30, 2022, the aggregate market value of its shares held by non-affiliates was approximately million. Shares of the Registrant s Common Stock held by each executive officer and director and by each entity or person that owned 5 percent or more of the Registrant s outstanding Common Stock were excluded in that such persons may be deemed to be affiliates. This determination of affiliate status is not necessarily a conclusive determination for other purposes. 
 As of February 21, 2023, shares of the registrant s common stock were outstanding. 
 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 
 i 

Table of Contents 

 Table of Contents 
 Page Summary of Risk Factors 
 i 
 Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 ii 
 PART I. 
 Item 1. Business 
 1 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 13 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 45 
 Item 2. Properties 
 45 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 45 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 45 
 PART II. 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 46 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 47 
 Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 48 
 I tem 7A. Qualitative and Quantitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 66 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 67 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosures 
 110 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 110 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 112 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions That Prevent Inspections 
 112 
 PART III. 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 113 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 113 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owner and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 113 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 113 
 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 113 
 PART IV. 
 Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 114 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 118 
 Signatures 
 119 

Table of Contents 

 Summary of risk factors 
 Our business is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, including those highlighted in the section of this report titled Risk Factors. The following is a summary of the principal risks we face, any of which could adversely affect our business, operating results, financial condition, or prospects: 
 We have a history of losses, and we may not be able to generate sufficient revenue to achieve or maintain profitability in the future. 
 We operate in an emerging and dynamic market, which makes it difficult to evaluate our future results of operations. 
 Our results of operations may fluctuate significantly from period to period due to a wide range of factors, which makes our future results difficult to predict. 
 Our rapid growth may not be sustainable and depends on our ability to attract new learners, instructors, and organizations and retain existing ones. 
 Our platform relies on a limited number of instructors who create a significant portion of the most popular content on our platform, and the loss of these instructor relationships could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 If we fail to maintain and expand our relationships with Udemy Business UB or Enterprise customers, our ability to grow our business and revenue will suffer. 
 We operate in a highly competitive market, and we may not be able to compete successfully against current and future competitors. 
 The market for online learning solutions is relatively new and may not grow as we expect, which may harm our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Adherence to our values and our focus on long-term sustainability may negatively impact our short- or medium-term financial performance. 
 Acquisitions and other strategic investments may expose us to significant risks, any of which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Changes in laws or regulations relating to privacy, data protection, or cybersecurity, including those relating to the protection or transfer of data relating to individuals, or any actual or perceived failure by us to comply with such laws and regulations or any other obligations could adversely affect our business. 
 We may be unable to adequately obtain, maintain, protect, and enforce our intellectual property and proprietary information, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 We could face liability, or our reputation might be harmed, as a result of courses posted to our platform. 
 Intellectual property litigation, including litigation related to content available on our platform, could result in significant costs and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and reputation. 
 The trading price of our common stock may be volatile, and you could lose all or part of your investment. 
 i 

Table of Contents 

 Special note regarding forward-looking statements 
 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements other than statements of historical facts contained in this Form 10-K, including statements regarding our future results of operations or financial condition, business strategy and plans, and objectives of management for future operations, are forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terms such as may, will, should, would, expect, plan, anticipate, could, intend, target, project, contemplate, believe, estimate, predict, potential, or continue, or the negative of these terms or other similar expressions that concern our expectations, strategy, plans or intentions. Forward-looking statements contained in this Form 10-K include, but are not limited to, statements about: 
 our expectations regarding our financial and operating performance, including our expectations regarding our revenue, costs, monthly average buyers, number of UB customers, UB Annual Recurring Revenue, UB Net Dollar Retention Rate, UB Large Customer Net Dollar Retention Rate, segment revenue, segment gross profit, adjusted EBITDA, and adjusted EBITDA margin; 
 our ability to successfully execute our business and growth strategy; 
 our ability to attract and retain learners, instructors, and enterprise customers; 
 the timing and success of new features, integrations, capabilities, and other platform enhancements by us, or by our competitors to their offerings, or any other changes in the competitive landscape of our markets and industry; 
 anticipated trends, developments, and challenges in our industry, business, and the markets in which we operate; 
 the size of our addressable markets, market share, and market trends, including our ability to grow our business internationally; 
 the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business, the market for online learning solutions, and the global economy generally; 
 the sufficiency of our cash, cash equivalents, and investments to meet our liquidity needs; 
 our ability to develop and protect our brand and reputation; 
 our expectations and management of future growth; 
 our expectations concerning relationships with third parties; 
 our ability to attract, retain, and motivate our skilled personnel, including members of our senior management team; 
 our expectations regarding the effects of existing and developing laws and regulations, including with respect to taxation and privacy, data protection, and cybersecurity; 
 our ability to maintain the security and availability of our platform; 
 our ability to successfully defend litigation brought against us; 
 our ability to successfully identify, execute, and integrate any potential acquisitions or strategic investments; 
 our expectations regarding our income and other tax liabilities; 
 our ability to effectively manage our exposure to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates; 
 our ability to obtain, maintain, protect, and enforce our intellectual property and proprietary information; and 
 the increased expenses associated with being a public company. 
 Actual events or results may differ from those expressed in forward-looking statements. As such, you should not rely on forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. We have based the forward-looking statements contained in this Form 10-K primarily on our current expectations and projections about future events and trends that we believe may affect our business, financial condition, operating results, prospects, strategy, and financial needs. The outcome of the events described in these forward-looking statements is subject to risks, uncertainties, assumptions, and other factors described in the section titled Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Form 10-K. Moreover, we operate in a highly competitive and rapidly changing environment. New risks and uncertainties emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for us to predict all risks and uncertainties that could have an impact on the forward-looking statements contained in this Form 10-K. The results, events and circumstances reflected in the forward-looking statements may not be achieved or occur, and actual results, events or circumstances could differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements. 
 In addition, statements that we believe and similar statements reflect our beliefs and opinions on the relevant subject. These statements are based on information available to us as of the date of this Form 10-K. While we believe that such information provides a reasonable basis for these statements, such information may be limited or incomplete. Our statements should not be read to indicate that we have conducted an exhaustive inquiry into, or review of, all relevant information. These statements are inherently uncertain, and investors are cautioned not to unduly rely on these statements. 
 ii 

Table of Contents 

 The forward-looking statements made in this Form 10-K relate only to events as of the date on which the statements are made. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made in this Form 10-K to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this Form 10-K or to reflect new information, actual results, revised expectations, or the occurrence of unanticipated events, except as required by law. We may not actually achieve the plans, intentions or expectations disclosed in our forward-looking statements, and you should not place undue reliance on our forward-looking statements. 
 Investors and others should note that we may announce material information to the public through filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, our website (udemy.com), press releases, public conference calls, and public webcasts. We encourage our investors and others to review the information disclosed through such channels as such information could be deemed to be material information. Please note that this list may be updated from time to time . 
 
 Market and industry data 
 
 Certain market and industry data included in this Form 10-K has been obtained from third party sources that we believe to be reliable. Market estimates are calculated by using independent industry publications, government publications, and third-party forecasts in conjunction with our assumptions about our markets. We have not independently verified such third-party information. While we are not aware of any misstatements regarding any market, industry or similar data presented herein, such data involves risks and uncertainties and is subject to change based on various factors, including those discussed in this Form 10-K in the section titled Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements , in Part I, Item 1, Business , and in Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors. 
 
 iii 

Table of Contents 

 PART I. 

Item 1. Business 
 
 Our mission 
 
 Udemy s mission is to improve lives through learning. 
 
 About Udemy 
 
 Udemy is a global learning company whose online platform empowers organizations and individuals with flexible and effective skill acquisition and development. Udemy s learning marketplace platform enables tens of thousands of subject matter experts to develop, distribute and enhance content that reaches Udemy s broad global audience of 59 million learners. Udemy leverages technology, data and insights to deliver personalized and effective learning experiences. We further curate our highest-quality content from our marketplace for Udemy s enterprise SaaS platform, Udemy Business, which enables companies around the world to offer engaging, effective, on-demand learning for all employees, immersive laboratory-style learning for tech teams and cohort-based learning focused on leadership development. With our integrated learning solutions and strategic customer success model, we equip organizations with the tools to build a future-ready workforce, increase employee engagement and retention, and achieve critical business outcomes. 
 
 As automation and technological innovation spurs changes in the workforce, there is a growing need to offer more flexible training to continuously re-skill and upskill workforces to keep up with the pace of change. According to a recent study from Deloitte, nearly 90 of global executives surveyed believe skills are becoming important for the way organizations are defining work, deploying talent, managing careers, and valuing employees. In addition, the study found organizations that embed a skills-based approach are 63 more likely to achieve results than those that have not, including, but not limited to, meeting or exceeding financial targets; anticipating and responding effectively and efficiently to change; innovating; achieving high levels of customer satisfaction and retaining high performers. 
 
 We believe many of today's learning platforms have a number of shortcomings, including relevance, quality, breadth, scalability, and affordability of content. Udemy s platform is designed to address these shortcomings by effectively connecting global learners with up-to-date knowledge from experts and practitioners around the world. 
 
 Our global marketplace supports learners, instructors and enterprise customers to achieve their goals. Udemy enables users to gain the knowledge and skills they need to attain in-demand jobs, further their career, and improve their well-being. Our library of more than 200,000 free and paid courses is created by more than 70,000 instructors and covers a wide range of topics, including technology, business and soft skills, and personal development. Our marketplace encourages engagement between learners and instructors, including course enrollment, consumption and Q A. The volume and frequency of this engagement allows us to generate meaningful insights and provide real-time feedback and analytics for our instructors. Udemy leverages artificial intelligence AI and machine learning ML to make personalized course recommendations for learners that enhance the learner experience, increase course enrollments for instructors and optimize productivity and satisfaction for our learners. 
 
 Udemy s marketplace uniquely addresses the evolving needs of learners across the globe by providing access to a wide range of high-quality and relevant content in local languages. Instructors around the world have created courses in nearly 75 languages, resulting in almost 85,000 courses on our platform in non-English languages, as of December 31, 2022. Learners benefit from the local context provided by local instructors, further enhancing the learner experience. 
 
 Udemy s differentiated feedback loops enable instructors to gain insights directly from learners that help to improve the quality and relevance of content, and our platform is designed to facilitate instructors making frequent, fast updates to their courses. On average, courses were updated 6 times by top instructors on Udemy in 2022. 
 
 1 

Table of Contents 

 Udemy is powered by a flywheel effect where instructors are encouraged to create relevant, high-quality content that attracts more learners to the platform. More learners on our platform results in a larger audience and greater potential earnings for instructors, which in turn incentivizes more and better course creation and attracts additional instructors to the platform. This flywheel resulted in an average of over 4,700 new courses added to our platform monthly during 2022. In 2022, we paid instructors more than 192.0 million. Udemy s top 19 instructors each earned more than 1 million and nearly 1,600 instructors earned more than the average annual income in the home country. 
 
 Udemy Business offers organizations access to more than 20,000 of the highest rated courses from our marketplace, equating to over 190,000 hours of content across 15 languages. The range and volume of our course catalog enables employees to build their career path with the most relevant and effective courses and real-world skills development, and organizations across the globe to reskill and upskill their workforce. In addition, the Udemy Business SaaS-based platform provides personalized learning paths and rich analytics to further empower learners and administrators to map learning to their desired outcomes. 
 
 Global learners are increasingly looking online to acquire new skills, while organizations are rapidly shifting from offline training of employees to online solutions for reskilling and upskilling of their workforce. While many individuals and businesses had already embraced online learning prior to COVID-19, the increase in work-from-home flexibility during the pandemic accelerated a corporate shift to digital training solutions worldwide. Udemy s highly-effective and cost-efficient method of online learning across a variety of disciplines is designed to meet the corporate learning needs within today s hybrid and remote work cultures. 
 
 Our business model 
 
 Udemy has two symbiotic operating segments: Enterprise, or Udemy Business (50 of 2022 revenue), and Consumer (50 of 2022 revenue), or our direct-to-consumer marketplace. Udemy s differentiated business model attracts instructors from around the world with our attractive revenue share incentive model and access to 59 million learners. Our platform generates revenue for Udemy and our instructors by collecting a fee through individual course transactions and subscriptions. We then reinvest in the learner and instructor experience and marketing to further grow our revenue and create greater earnings potential for instructors. 
 
 The Udemy Consumer marketplace consists of more than 200,000 courses in nearly 75 languages. Millions of people learn on the Udemy platform from real-world experts in topics ranging from technology, business and soft skills, to personal development. Learners can purchase lifetime access to individual courses or subscribe through monthly and annual plans, which offer unlimited access to more than 12,000 of Udemy s top-rated courses. Most instructors on our marketplace opt into our promotional pricing program in which Udemy programmatically controls list and promotional prices, based on certain characteristics such as course content, length, and rating, which helps drive more enrollments for our instructors. Udemy s marketplace has over 20,000 free courses which serve as an important source of conversion to paid enrollments. 
 
 Udemy s global content engine powers Udemy Business with the highest-rated content from our Consumer marketplace, proven new product capabilities and organic new business leads. Udemy Business enables organizations around the world to offer on-demand learning for all employees, immersive learning for technology teams, and cohort learning for business leaders. Built for businesses striving to be at the forefront of innovation and those utilizing the latest technologies, Udemy Business offers fresh, relevant learning that can be accessed around the world at anytime. By leveraging Udemy s integrated learning solutions and strategic customer success support, companies are equipped with the tools to reskill and upskill their workforce, increase employee engagement, and achieve critical business outcomes in an efficient and cost-effective manner. As of December 31, 2022, Udemy Business offers global companies annual or multi-year subscription access on a per-seat basis to a catalog of more than 20,000 courses in 14 local languages, in addition to English. Udemy Business provides access to its platform through Team and Enterprise subscription plans and offers the ability to add on Udemy Business Pro services. Organizations looking to build leadership capabilities can separately purchase a subscription to our Cohort Learning development platform. 
 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 Our platform and product offerings 
 
 Udemy s platform allows individual learners and organizations all over the world to access high-quality and relevant content created by instructors across technology, business and soft skills, and personal development topics. Our platform is purpose-built to empower instructors with data insights and innovative technology to meet the specific needs of learners and organizations in order to help them achieve their goals and desired outcomes. Our products are designed to deliver measurable incremental value, which ultimately creates upselling or expansion opportunities. Udemy s product offerings include: 
 
 Per Course . Individuals can enroll for free or purchase one of Udemy marketplace s more than 200,000 courses to obtain lifetime access to that digital course content after enrollment. Individual course purchases also include access to interactive learning tools such as quizzes, exercises, and the ability to ask questions and engage with the instructor directly. Pricing is optimized for each individual course and is designed to be affordable. 
 
 Personal Plan . Individuals can purchase a monthly or annual subscription with access to more than 12,000 courses across hundreds of topics, ranging from IT, web development, soft skills, business, marketing and design. When subscribed to a Personal Plan, an individual will have unlimited access to the curated subscription catalog during the subscription term, including immersive learning experiences such as practice tests and coding exercises. Monthly and annual subscription pricing vary by geography. 
 
 Team Plan. Teams can purchase Team Plan, which is a self-serve, subscription service for Udemy Business. Team Plan is designed for teams or organizations who are in need of on-demand learning and development at work. With a subscription to Team Plan, subscribers get access to all courses included in the Udemy Business catalog. Team Plan is priced as an annual subscription of 360 USD per seat, per year. 
 
 Enterprise Plan. Larger organizations can purchase the Enterprise Plan, which offers the same course collection of high-quality professional content as the Team Plan, but also includes additional features such as advanced user management, API integrations, robust learning administration, and advanced analytics. Enterprise plans are offered as annual and multi-year subscriptions with pricing based on volume and functionality. 
 
 Udemy Business Pro. Available as an add-on to any Udemy Business enterprise license, Udemy Business Pro provides a deeper, immersive learning experience with assessments, labs and workspaces that accelerate skill development across key roles in information technology, software engineering, and data analytics. Pricing is based on contract length and number of seats. 
 
 Cohort Learning. Organizations looking to build leadership capabilities can purchase our cohort-based leadership development platform, which enables teams to learn together in a hybrid, scalable experience that can be tailored for each customer s organizational needs. Subscription pricing for this offering is based on cohort volume and functionality. 
 
 Consumer 
 
 Udemy s direct-to-consumer business is built on our global marketplace, which is a destination for high-quality and relevant courses taught by expert instructors in their respective fields. Our platform is designed to meet the needs of our audience of 59 million learners and over 70,000 instructors that come to us for a wide variety of learning needs. Our global marketplace serves as a testing ground for content and new product features before the best are selected for inclusion in the Udemy Business portfolio, as well as an organic lead generation channel. It also allows us to test and iterate in real time on our product in a way that is not disruptive to our business. 
 
 Udemy analyzes platform data to better understand learners' needs and deliver personalized recommendations for the best courses and learning paths. Learners can access content from local experts from around the world and in their preferred language. Udemy provides a comprehensive and immersive learning experience through tests, Q As, and interactive activities. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

Udemy Business 
 
 Global organizations recognize the need to have upskilling and reskilling capabilities to ensure their workforce is agile, resilient and competitive in a rapidly changing environment. Many CEOs around the world believe the need for new skills is their largest business challenge and, for employees, opportunities for development have become the second most important factor that determines workplace happiness. We believe that the workplace has fundamentally shifted in a post-pandemic world. Hybrid work, distributed teams and the rapid pace of change mean organizations can no longer rely on face to face training alone. Organizations must leverage digital and hybrid learning experiences to scale skills acquisition. Our go-to-market approach is focused on understanding our customers businesses and developing learning strategies so they can achieve organizational goals. We build deep, trusted customer relationships at all levels with a specific focus on the C-suite, and we have expanded our engagements to support upskilling and reskilling across hybrid workplaces. With our dynamic product portfolio from on-demand and immersive learning to a tailored cohort experience for leadership development, Udemy Business supports skill development at all levels of the organization. We continue to make investments in our global partner ecosystem to support direct and indirect revenue channels that help enable us to scale with agility across the global marketplace. 
 
 Udemy has curated more than 20,000 of the most highly rated and relevant courses, or more than 190,000 hours of learning, from its extensive content catalog on its marketplace to meet the needs of its nearly 14,000 Udemy Business customers in over 150 countries. Udemy Business features collections in 14 local languages other than English, accounting for more than 50 of the Udemy Business course collection. Local language courses are taught by native speakers with local context, making the content and learning experience more relevant and effective. These collections are a key competitive differentiator which we believe position us well to become a premier provider for many global organizations that are looking to standardize on one platform. 
 
 Udemy uses a rigorous content curation process that considers enterprise customer demand, learner feedback and ratings, topic relevance, course quality, and instructor engagement on our platform, including frequency of updates and interaction with student Q A. We regularly review courses in the Udemy Business catalog to ensure ratings consistently stay above a certain threshold and the topics are still relevant. 
 
 When an instructor s course is added to the Udemy Business catalog, instructors are subject to an exclusivity clause for the use of their content on our platform, pursuant to which instructors agree, subject to limited exceptions, not to offer any on-demand content, such as pre-recorded courses, on any competing platform in a way that directly competes with or impairs the sales of such content on our platform. This exclusivity clause is effective for so long as an instructor s content is included in the Udemy Business catalog, and we may continue to include content in the Udemy Business catalog for up to 12 months after an instructor elects to opt out. We believe these exclusivity arrangements increase the value of our offerings by increasing the amount of unique content on Udemy and helping maintain our robust roster of expert instructors. 
 
 Udemy Business subscription plans include on-demand access to the curated course library, analytics, and learning path management. Contracts are licensed on an annual or multi-year basis, and pricing is determined on a per seat basis, with volume discounts. Udemy Business offers subscription plans, including Team Plan, Enterprise Plan, and Cohort Learning, as well as the Udemy Business Pro add-on service. 
 
 Team Plan . Team Plan subscriptions offer organizations the ability to provide employees access to over 20,000 top-rated courses in order to develop new skills, reskill and upskill, which drives retention and increases productivity in a cost-effective manner. With Team Plan, organizations have access to basic learner management functionality and analytics. 
 
 Enterprise Plan. Enterprise plan subscribers receive access to over 20,000 top-rated courses on the platform in English and 14 local languages. Enterprise plan customers have the ability to create and host proprietary courses, create user groups, develop personalized learning pathways, and incorporate external resources into their own learning pathways. Using the product s reporting and analytics tools, organizations can easily view engagement, user activity, and skill insights to assess Return on Investment ROI ). 
 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 Udemy Business Pro. This add-on service delivers an enhanced, immersive learning experience for Udemy Business customers looking to reskill and upskill their workforce in the technology-focused areas of cloud computing, software development, data science and DevOps. Employees using Udemy Business Pro are offered a guided learning experience. The curated curriculum includes Udemy paths, which combines top courses, assessment and hands-on practice through labs and workspaces. By assessing and guiding learners, Udemy Business Pro enables technical professionals to achieve their learning outcomes more effectively. Assessments evaluate learners skills and comprehension of the course content. Based on the assessment score, the learner will be guided to course recommendations to further their knowledge. Workspaces provide learners with access to risk-free virtual technical environments to practice skills in key technologies. With labs, learners will gain hands-on, real-world practice to enhance their technical skills. 
 
 Cohort Learning. Individual and organizational growth is activated by Udemy s cohort-based learning and the expert guidance of thought leaders from top universities and expert practitioners. Cohort Learning leadership training harnesses the value of live and asynchronous group learning, and experiential learning activities that tie back to business results and help companies develop strong leadership capabilities. 
 
 Udemy generates Udemy Business customer leads through its go-to-market sales team, lead generation marketing and from the direct-to-consumer marketplace. We have a proven land-and-expand strategy. Once Udemy has landed a customer, we work closely with the organization to understand their desired business outcomes and help them to achieve their goals. Over time, we have been successful in retaining and expanding customer relationships. 
 
 Customer success and expansion 
 
 The success of our customers is a focal point for Udemy, as most global companies are currently experiencing massive organizational change and are looking for an experienced and knowledgeable partner to help them achieve their desired business outcomes. In a recent survey by Deloitte, 71 of CEOs said they are preparing for a talent and workforce transformation, which is the process of developing the employees skill set to keep up with the ever-changing needs of the business. Our customer success teams partner with leaders of organizations to develop learning strategies to achieve their corporate objectives and to give learners guidance to help them understand why they should be continuously learning and to help them make time for learning. 
 
 With roughly 10 penetration of Udemy Business nearly 14,000 customers, our opportunity within our existing customer base is significant. Our proven land-and-expand strategy is an investment in building long-term, high ROI relationships with our customers. Our teams work closely with customers during onboarding to understand the company's business objectives and partner with the leaders in the organization to develop programs tied to driving business results. We ensure that all of those programs drive towards the right learning outcomes and then we focus on driving adoption. 
 
 Our Customer Success organization is structured to support our customer base as it scales. Based on the nature of our customers, we support them using one of the following three models: 
 Self-serve. Fully digital experience for organizations purchasing our Team plan supported by product functionality and customer marketing. 
 Scaled . Blended customer experience for Enterprise customers with less than 100 seats where we leverage technology and automation to create a personalized feel for the customer journey, and we have teams of customer success team members that will engage with our customers in moments of risk or opportunity throughout the customer journey. 
 High touch. Assigned by geography and business segment for Enterprise customers purchasing at least 100 seats where every customer success manager is assigned to fewer customers and is very hands-on throughout the customer journey. 
 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 In addition to each customer being assigned a Customer Success representative, we also provide specialized support for key customer needs. 
 Renewals. Manage the customer renewal journey, making sure we optimize the renewal event for both Udemy and the customer. 
 Professional Services. Multiple centers of excellence with services that support the delivery of our cohort learning experience as well as high-touch engagements such as learning architecture and content mapping. 
 Customer Support. Self-service and global agents to assist with inquiries from all Udemy Business seat holders. 
 
 Our ability to attract, retain and expand revenue from our Udemy Business customers is demonstrated by our Net Dollar Retention Rate NDRR ). As of December 31, 2022, Udemy Business NDRR was 115 , and NDRR for UB customers with at least 1,000 employees, or UB Large Customer NDRR, was 123 . This level of retention demonstrates the potential for consistent expanded growth within the existing Udemy Business customer base. To date, customer expansion has been primarily driven by seat expansion, although new product adoption, i.e. Cohort Learning and Udemy Business Pro, is becoming a more meaningful driver. 
 
 Partnerships 
 
 Partnerships are a key element of Udemy s long-term growth strategy. Udemy s partnerships aim to drive growth across both our consumer and Udemy Business offerings, and we center our efforts on three key pillars: global expansion, extending reach and meeting our business customers in their flow of work. 
 
 Udemy has a global focus in all partnerships. We have a differentiated localized content catalog across a wide set of regions. Combined with our go-to-market and Customer Success approach, we increase our speed to market and local penetration by partnering with regional resell and co-sell partners to connect customers with Udemy Business in their local language. In some cases where we do not have localized content, we implement our high-touch partnership model to leverage a key local brand to help develop our content catalog and to establish a local language version of Udemy Business once the catalog meets our high-quality criteria. In 2022, more than 50 of UB revenue in the Asia Pacific region was driven by partnerships with Benesse in Japan, Woongjin ThinkBig in South Korea, Sanjieke in China and FUNiX in Vietnam. These highly selective partnerships must meet stringent criteria. 
 
 In addition to our global focus, Udemy seeks to forge relationships that either extend our marketing reach or the capabilities and reach of our sales go-to-market. Through relationships with key brands and regional leaders that have reach and scale in their own right, we increase the awareness and adoption of our offerings. 
 
 Finally, a critical part of Udemy s success requires that we work with partners to enable our users to access Udemy Business content in their flow of work. We aim to integrate Udemy Business where employees are already learning, for example, in Learning Management Systems and Learning Experience Platforms. 
 
 Additionally, customers need data integrations in order to assess ROI, adoption and other key metrics. Udemy s open nature, platform services focus and APIs, enables us to build a robust integration ecosystem that supports our customers ability to get the most out of their software investments and investments in learning. 
 
 Our growth strategies 
 
 We are pursuing the following strategies to generate long-term sustainable growth for our business: 
 
 Increase Udemy Business penetration through a land-and-expand strategy. Our strategy focuses on acquiring new customers and efficiently growing our relationships with existing customers. Historically, we have expanded from individual to department to multi-department and company-wide sales as Udemy Business s value is proven and customers identify additional use cases. With roughly 10 of total available seats contracted in our customer base as of the end of 2022, we see a large opportunity for growth. We have developed a strong outbound lead-generation process with effective account-based marketing operations, allowing us to target, develop and nurture key accounts in large organizations. 
 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 Continue international expansion and localization. Udemy is accessible in more than 180 countries with courses in nearly 75 languages. As the content catalog expands in each country, we start investing in additional growth levers such as local payment methods, local currency pricing and local marketing. These investments drive higher traffic, enrollments and revenue for our direct-to-consumer business, as well as leads for Udemy Business. Once we reach a steady volume of leads to Udemy Business, we build in-country go-to-market sales teams to grow and expand our customer base. We also may partner with local companies. This international playbook will continue to allow us to build a targeted list of countries in which we anticipate we will expand with a high likelihood of success. 
 
 Expand learning experiences to new modalities and more active learning that reaches a broader audience. Our platform currently offers powerful learning experiences including practice tests, coding exercises and quizzes, which permit learners to prepare for certification exams and better retain learnings. We intend to further expand our offerings to include more immersive skills assessments, labs and cohort-based learning. 
 
 Launch innovative products that drive measurable learning outcomes and increased retention. We are investing in the platform to drive increased measurable learner outcomes; improve our instructors ability to create additional modalities and hands-on learning experiences; improve our ability to support organizations and their need to upskill and reskill their workforces efficiently, including leadership needs and cohort-based offerings. 
 
 Increase overall Udemy brand awareness. We will continue to invest in growing brand awareness globally. Udemy s brand awareness is relatively low, representing a massive opportunity, and this is consistent with the EdTech category as a whole. Our brand marketing increases awareness of Udemy through online and offline campaigns that drive press, social sharing and more word-of-mouth virality. Investments in our brand enable us to drive long-term growth by attracting new learners to our platform and keeping existing learners engaged. 
 
 Optimize business model and pricing . Our pricing optimization approach fuels the local supply by making it easy and accessible for learners to purchase courses, which drives instructor earnings and in return more supply. We will continue to invest in our machine-learning pricing algorithms to determine the optimal price we charge for our courses in our marketplace on a per-country basis, taking into account dozens of course characteristics, including category of content, hours of content, course rating and popularity. 
 
 Pursue strategic acquisitions. We will consider acquisitions that expand our international footprint and/or to acquire innovative technology that expands the immersive learning experiences we offer, with a goal of improving learner outcomes and ultimately increasing retention. For example, in August 2021, we announced our acquisition of CorpU, an online leadership development platform, which is now our cohort-based leadership solution. 
 
 Competition 
 
 The market for developing skills is rapidly growing and highly fragmented, but is not well-suited to address the growing need for people to develop skills, reskill and upskill since the landscape is continuously evolving. We compete for individual learners, enterprise customers and instructors on the following basis: 
 
 Learners: We compete for learners based on our course catalog, instructors, learning tools and localization. We believe that we are positioned favorably because of our ability to attract instructors and support them with data and insights to create and refresh high-quality content. 
 
 Udemy Business customers : We compete for customers based on our high-quality, engaging and relevant content, the breadth and depth of that content across the full range of core business functions and advanced product features that optimize self-paced learning and enable organizations to effectively drive programmatic learning. We believe that we are positioned favorably because of the synergies between our consumer and enterprise businesses, and the strategic partnerships we form with our enterprise customers that help them drive engagement in their learning programs and, in turn, business outcomes like employee retention and corporate productivity. 
 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 Instructors: We compete for instructors based on our ability to provide monetization opportunities and tools to enable instructors to create differentiated content to delight global learners. We believe that we are positioned favorably because of our ability to attract learners across the globe, provide data and insights to help instructors to retain learners, and offer an attractive shared revenue model. 
 
 The traditional publisher model used by some competitors can be slow moving and reactive. Other niche marketplace models cannot serve the enterprise learner who needs to develop both hard and soft skills. Udemy s platform, in contrast, offers a comprehensive suite of skills development required to support learners and organizations in achieving their goals and outcomes. Participants in this market can include corporate training offerings, direct-to-consumer training offerings, specialized content training offerings, and providers of online free resources. 
 
 Our competitive advantages 
 
 We believe our operating model benefits from several competitive advantages: 
 
 Comprehensive global course catalog . We provide access to over 200,000 courses, including nearly 85,000 non-English language courses. The massive library covers a broad range of topics, including technical skills, business and soft skills, and personal development. Many of our competitors specialize in a specific category, which proves to be a suboptimal solution for companies and their employees that require a blend of technical, business and soft skills. We have effectively built a creator platform that allows instructors to develop content on virtually any topic, while having the flexibility to update courses as they incorporate feedback from millions of learners around the world. On average, instructors publish more than 4,700 courses a month on our platform. 
 
 High-quality, relevant and up-to-date content. Udemy s differentiated feedback loop between learners and instructors ensures that we are able to maintain the high quality courses to meet the needs of learners. Our marketplace model motivates instructors to provide relevant content to learners quickly, whether by being first to address in-demand topics, refreshing existing topics, or finding new and better ways to serve the learner community on existing topics. We believe this incentive model helps drive our instructors to update their courses at a much higher rate than courses offered via a traditional publisher model. Rather than being subject to the top down review cycle of multiple editors inherent to traditional publishing, our model removes these publisher barriers to enable a flywheel of instructor content creation, engagement, and continuous content optimization. This continuously updated content, along with personalized recommendations and advanced search capabilities, presents a better value proposition for learners who benefit from accessing the most up-to-date, high-quality content that is relevant to them. Our marketplace model allows us to provide the freshest technical content that is able to keep up with the pace of innovation, providing the content needed to support organizations undergoing digital transformation efforts. We also regularly remove courses that fall below our ratings guidelines or are receiving limited engagement from learners. 
 
 Global instructor network . Udemy has a network of more than 70,000 global instructors. Instructors come to Udemy because of our scale. Our massive audience provides us with a significant amount of learner data and incentive for instructors to come to our platform. Tens of thousands of instructors have created hundreds of thousands of courses to serve tens of millions of global learners. Udemy offers a clear advantage to instructors who want to ensure they offer the freshest, most relevant tech skills content. The ability to quickly build and post fresh content helps instructors attract more learners and generate more earnings. On average, courses are updated 6 times per year by top instructors on Udemy. In 2022, we paid 192.0 million for content creation and instructors published an average of more than 4,700 courses per month. We also regularly remove instructors that fall below our ratings guidelines. 
 
 Global distribution and reach. Our platform connects individual learners and enterprise customers with instructors across the world. In 2022, 59 of our revenue was generated outside of North America, and 84 of all user traffic originated from outside of the United States. We have courses in nearly 75 languages on our marketplace and have Udemy Business customers in more than 150 countries. As learners and organizations in a new geography begin to engage with us, we then have the opportunity to quickly and efficiently expand our global footprint by focusing our marketing, advertising, pricing, and language customization resources and expanding our payment options, which allows us to grow our base of individual learners and enterprises and attract new instructors who create native language courses. For Udemy Business, we have courses in English 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 and 14 other local languages. Having local language experts creating locally relevant content is a key differentiator for Udemy. 
 
 Powerful network effects. Udemy is one symbiotic, data-centric platform. The growing number of individual learners and enterprises on our platform attracts more instructors with diverse experiences and backgrounds to create content for in-demand topics and update existing courses. The increasing number of relevant, high-quality and up-to-date courses attracts more individual learners and enterprises. The volume and frequency of these interactions allow us to generate meaningful insights and provide real-time feedback and analytics for our instructors. These data insights improve content quality, enhance course personalization, and optimize productivity and satisfaction for our learners. 
 
 Powerful data insights and analytics . With an average of nearly 34 million monthly unique visitors during 2022, over 125 million cumulative course enrollments, and more than 12 billion cumulative minutes of learning, we believe that the volume of the data our platform collects provides meaningful insights into the behaviors and evolving needs of learners and instructors. We leverage that data to provide personalized course recommendations and learning paths. We also analyze enrollment data, market insights and feedback from learners to identify needed skills or new topics of focus within our content catalog and share this information with our instructors so they can continuously improve their course offerings in real time. 
 
 Flexible technology platform. We have built our technology to be flexible to enable us to continuously test and add new features, such as interactive exercises and immersive learning experiences. Our technology platform is modern, agile, and accessible from a variety of online and mobile channels. Collecting and analyzing billions of data points helps our data scientists recommend better and more relevant content. We use advanced technology applications, such as personalized promotions, lifecycle marketing and content personalization, to help tailor our platform for our learners. 
 
 Our technology and research and development 
 
 Udemy s technology features a modern architecture designed to support our continued growth at scale and to deliver on our mission. We leverage machine learning to increase learner conversion and retention using enhanced personalization. Our global distribution platform enables learners, instructors and organizations around the world to achieve their goals and desired outcomes. We aim to provide world-class experiences for all learners by focusing on the following pillars: 
 
 Scaled integrated platform. Our massive and growing network of instructors, learners and organizations enables us to create significant value for all customers. Our instructors create fresh, relevant content for our learners and organizations, including immersive learning experiences. Instructors are able to monetize their knowledge and receive learner feedback on their content. That data and insights allow us to experiment and iterate on our product. Organizations are empowered to upskill and reskill employees with our learning content and analytics. In turn, they provide Udemy with strategic insights on their areas of interest, as well as content feedback 
 from their learners. 
 
 Comprehensive learning . Udemy s platform is designed to support learners throughout their journey as they develop skills needed to achieve their professional goals. We provide personalized and guided skill-based learning experiences, including videos, reading tutorials, hands-on practice and assessments. Learners can focus on career and occupational areas of their choice. Udemy produces curated learning paths focused on key domains and skill sets. We also allow organizations to author their own custom learning paths. These are customized to the organization-specific upskilling and reskilling objectives. 
 
 Extensive integrations. We are evolving our comprehensive learning platform using an API-first approach. This starts by looking at our business as a set of key entities and capabilities, and we define modular, interoperable APIs to represent them. This foundation fosters innovation across the customer experience and opens the door to faster, more efficient timelines to scale our offerings. It powers our first-party applications that include our customer-facing Udemy.com website, our Udemy Business web experience, our native mobile applications and new experiences. This approach also supports an expanding set of third-party ecosystem integrations, through industry standard interoperability with learning management systems and learning experience platforms, as well as other key business systems and tools. 
 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 Powerful data. We leverage a wealth of data to drive customer outcomes. Our differentiated learner feedback loops help improve instructor outcomes by sharing insights on where the market opportunities are and how they can enhance their teaching capabilities. For learners, our marketplace unlocks valuable data for personalized recommendations. This helps learners know the skills needed to achieve their goals and how they can acquire those skills. And for organizations, we are able to share powerful insights to help them achieve their goals and assess ROI. Our platform s ability to provide a personalized experience is further enhanced by the machine learning methodologies used to develop the algorithms included in our technology, which allow us to personalize each learner s experience continuously and automatically. We regularly run tests to determine which product features, course recommendations, prices, and messaging will drive the best outcomes. 
 
 Pricing optimization. Our machine-learning pricing optimization approach fuels the local supply by making it easy and accessible for learners to purchase courses, which drive instructor earnings and, in return, more supply. We have built a global pricing engine that allows anyone to have access to our products at prices adjusted to the local purchase power parity in the local currency and using payment methods they are familiar with. This powers the global dynamics of our marketplace, promoting strong learner conversion that fuels Udemy s global pipeline. We routinely adjust our algorithm to attain prices based on a variety of factors, with an ultimate goal of increasing conversion to paid enrollment. These algorithms use dozens of course characteristics, such as content category, length of course, average course rating, and topic popularity to determine the most effective price for each course on a per country basis. 
 
 We have a cross-functional, agile team of data scientists, machine-learning engineers, software engineers, and product managers focused on continuously improving our platform to address evolving customer needs. Thus far, the team has built algorithmic and model-driven solutions at scale to provide the following capabilities: personalized and differentiated experiences for all learners, comprehensive instructor tools for content delivery and student engagement, and insights dashboards for enterprises to track employee progress. 
 
 We continuously gather market research and leverage user data to optimize the content available on our platform. Through our deep understanding of learner needs, we aim to deliver the right learning content, packaged the right way, and offered at the right time. The data gathered also provides powerful insight tools and feedback to our instructors so they can improve their courses and ultimately preserve the high quality of our overall offering. 
 
 Our market opportunity 
 
 Before 2020, the majority of corporate training occurred offline. With the increase of internet connectivity, technological advances, work-from-home flexibility and interactive tools at a low cost, we expect to see a continued acceleration of the shift from offline to online. We believe that online education is well positioned to address the scalability and affordability limitations that offline education presents. 
 
 Based on data from Arizton, the market opportunity in online learning was estimated to be 166 billion in 2021. We calculate this estimate by aggregating the global corporate opportunity of 69 billion and the global e-learning opportunity of 97 billion, including government, vocation and higher-education. We believe that market opportunity could grow to nearly 476 billion by 2027, including K-12. Within that, the global corporate opportunity is expected to grow to 171 billion by 2027, or at a 16 compound annual growth rate CAGR ). 
 
 There are many macro trends that are driving this growth, including increasing digital transformation as more jobs are changed by automation and technology, which presents a significant opportunity for the creator and skills economies. In addition, there is a growing need to offer flexible training as more companies offer remote positions. Companies are employing a continued focus on Learning Development L D budget efficiency even during a challenging macro backdrop and there is an increasing need to continuously reskill and upskill employees in a timely manner. 
 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 Our sales and marketing approach 
 
 We have built a data and technology-driven marketing engine that allows us to acquire users across the globe efficiently. We have integrated our data flows with key marketing platforms to make near real-time decisions on bidding and targeting. We have also developed predictive lifetime value LTV models that allow us to identify and acquire the most valuable learners. This engine allows us to be in control of our cost of acquisition to grow customer LTV at the segment level and manage our budgets to hit our ROI goals, while being flexible to adapt in real time to external trends and factors. 
 
 Our marketing strategy focuses on brand and performance marketing, strategic partnerships and lifecycle monetization. Brand marketing increases awareness while performance marketing drives incremental traffic among potential learners. The strength of our community and brand drives significant organic acquisition, with the majority of our customers coming from unpaid channels. Finally, lifecycle marketing and monetization focuses on building personalization at scale, increasing learner retention and long-term value, optimizing prices and promotions, and testing new monetization models. Global instructors learn about Udemy in a variety of ways including awareness campaigns and by coming to the platform as learners. 
 
 We have more than 20,000 free courses available on our consumer marketplace. These free courses represent an important entry point for learners to experience our platform, driving cost-effective top of the funnel engagement for both consumer and Udemy Business leads. Once learners interact with our platform, our machine-learning algorithms recommend courses for learners to purchase based on topic, quality, instructor rating, number of enrollments, learner s country of origin and more. The algorithms help us drive customer conversion, maximizing revenue while offering the best experience and value to learners. 
 
 With only 16 of Udemy's traffic coming from the U.S., it is important that our marketing adapts and speaks to the local audiences. Our design communications and production capabilities allow us to produce creatives that, while anchored on our global brand, also adapt to the cultural norms of the countries we advertise in. We leverage our global infrastructure to produce assets at scale and work with local language experts and native marketers to make the necessary adaptations for each country. 
 
 Go-to-market strategy 
 
 We sell to our Udemy Business customers both directly, through our sales teams, and indirectly, through third-party channels. Our customer success team engages pre-sale, ensuring that we understand the business objectives of that potential customer. Once an organization signs on, our Customer Success team partners closely with that organization to track progress toward business outcomes and determine opportunities for expanding usage. As we expand to new regions and countries, we first market to organizations to generate brand awareness and interest in our Udemy Business offering, and then our sales team identifies and engages with potential customers. 
 
 Seasonality 
 
 Historically, we have received a higher volume of orders from new and existing Udemy Business customers in the fourth quarter of each year as a result of industry buying patterns. We recognize revenues from Udemy Business subscription bookings over the life of the contract. We also have traditionally seen increased bookings in the Consumer segment as the result of various holiday promotions offered in the fourth quarter. We recognize revenue for consumer individual course purchases over an estimated service period of four months, while revenue for consumer subscriptions is recognized over the corresponding subscription term. As a result of these recognition practices, the quarter in which we generate the highest bookings may be different from the quarter in which we recognize the highest amount of net revenue, and our sequential growth in remaining performance obligations has historically been highest in the fourth fiscal quarter of each year. For more information, see the section titled Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 
 Intellectual property 
 
 Our business depends on our intellectual property, the protection of which is critical to our success. We rely on a combination of intellectual property rights, including patents, trade secrets, trade dress, domain names, copyrights and trademarks to protect our competitive advantage. 
 11 

Table of Contents 

As of December 31, 2022, we held 14 registered trademarks in the United States and 34 registered trademarks in foreign jurisdictions, which have various expiration dates between 2024 and 2032. We also have common law rights in some trademarks and pending trademark applications in the United States and foreign jurisdictions. In addition, we have registered domain names for websites that we use in our business, such as www.udemy.com and some other variations. 
 
 Although we rely on intellectual property rights, including patents, copyrights, trademarks and trade secrets, as well as contractual protections to establish and protect our proprietary rights, we believe that factors such as the technological and creative skills of our personnel, creation of new services, features and functionality, and frequent enhancements to our platform are more essential to establishing and maintaining our technology leadership position. 
 
 Human capital resources 
 
 We believe we have a world-class culture with a highly engaged global employee base. We have achieved 4.3 of 5.0 stars on Glassdoor, a platform which represents voluntary reviews among current and former employees, as of December 31, 2022. Additionally, our company has been designated as a Fair Pay Workplace and was named to Great Place to Work s list of Best Workplaces for Parents and Best Workplaces for Women in 2022 as well as honored with seven Best Workplace awards by Built In in January 2023. As reflected in our annual employee survey, our employee engagement score is 82 , which is 7 points above benchmark for companies at our size and stage. 
 
 We are proud of our internal focus on learning and development and leverage the Udemy Business platform to drive upskilling and career growth within our organization. Always Learning is a key value for our company. We hold regular Drop Everything and Learn hours to provide employees with dedicated time they can use to learn professional or personal skills offered on our platform. We leverage our own platforms of both Udemy Business and Cohort Learning to provide access to a wide range of content from important all-company meetings to a variety of courses offered on our Marketplace and developed by our own Learning Development team. 
 
 Our mission-driven approach to make knowledge opportunities accessible to learners around the world helps drive recruitment to our team. Udemy is the only digital learning company included in the Fortune 2020 Change the World list, and our employees enjoy the opportunity to be a part of a socially conscious brand benefiting all constituents. Overall, we are a leader in gender diversity among companies like ours, with 44 of our global workforce, 34 of our senior leadership, and 26 of our technical workforce identifying as women as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 1,678 full-time employees. None of our employees are represented by unions. We consider the relationship with our employees to be strong and have not experienced interruptions of operations due to labor disagreements. 
 
 Additional information 
 
 We make available free of charge through our investor relations website, investors.udemy.com, our annual reports, quarterly reports, current reports, proxy statements and all amendments to those reports as soon as reasonably practicable after such material is electronically filed or furnished with the SEC. These reports may also be obtained without charge by contacting Investor Relations, Udemy, Inc., 600 Harrison Street, 3rd Floor, San Francisco, California 94107, e-mail: ir@udemy.com. Our Internet website and the information contained therein or incorporated therein are not intended to be incorporated into this Annual Report on Form 10-K. In addition, the SEC maintains an Internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding reports that we file or furnish electronically with them at www.sec.gov. 

12 

Table of Contents 

 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 Certain factors may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. You should carefully consider the following risks, together with all of the other information contained in this Form 10-K, including the sections titled Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and our financial statements and the related notes included elsewhere in this Form 10-K. Any of the following risks could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, operating results, or prospects and could cause the trading price of our common stock to decline, which would cause you to lose all or part of your investment. Our business, financial condition, operating results, or prospects could also be harmed by risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently do not believe are material. Our risk factors are not guarantees that no such conditions exist as of the date of this report and should not be interpreted as an affirmative statement that such risks or conditions have not materialized, in whole or in part. 
 
 Risks related to our business and operations 
 
 We have a history of losses, and we may not be able to generate sufficient revenue to achieve or maintain profitability in the future. 
 We incurred net losses of 153.9 million, 80.0 million, and 77.6 million during the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively, and, as of December 31, 2022, we had an accumulated deficit of 612.4 million. We expect our losses to continue as we make significant investments towards growing our business and operating as a public company. We have invested, and expect to continue to invest, substantial financial and other resources in developing our platform, including expanding our platform offerings, developing or acquiring new platform features and services, expanding into new markets and geographies, and increasing our sales and marketing efforts. These expenditures will make achieving and maintaining profitability more difficult, and these efforts may also be more costly than we expect and may not result in increased revenue or growth in our business. Any failure to increase our revenue sufficiently to keep pace with our investments and other expenses could prevent us from achieving or maintaining profitability or positive cash flow on a consistent basis. As a result, we can provide no assurance as to whether or when we will achieve profitability. If we are not able to achieve and maintain profitability, the value of our company and our common stock could decline significantly, and you could lose some or all of your investment. 
 We operate in an emerging and dynamic market, which makes it difficult to evaluate our prospects and future results of operations. 
 The market for online learning solutions is relatively new and continues to evolve rapidly. These factors may make it difficult to accurately assess our future prospects and the risks, challenges, and uncertainties that we may encounter. These risks include: 
 maintaining and increasing a base of learners, instructors, and UB customers using our platform; 
 successfully competing with existing and future participants in the market for online learning solutions; 
 successfully expanding our business in existing markets and entering new markets and geographies; 
 anticipating and responding to market and broader economic conditions; 
 avoiding interruptions or disruptions in the service of our platform; 
 accurately forecasting our revenue and operating expenses on a quarterly and annual basis; 
 maintaining and enhancing the value of our reputation and brand; 
 attracting, hiring, and retaining qualified personnel to manage our operations and further develop our platform; 
 effectively managing rapid growth in our operations, including personnel; and 
 successfully implementing and executing our business strategies. 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 Additionally, because we operate in a rapidly evolving market, any predictions about our future revenue and expenses may not be as accurate as they would be if we operated in a more established and predictable market. We have encountered in the past, and will encounter in the future, risks, challenges, and uncertainties frequently experienced by companies operating in emerging markets. If our assumptions regarding any of these risks, challenges, or uncertainties, which we use to plan and operate our business, are incorrect or change, or if we do not address them successfully, our results of operations could differ materially from our expectations and our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 Our results of operations may fluctuate significantly from period to period due to a wide range of factors, which makes our future results difficult to predict. 
 Our results of operations have historically varied from period to period, and we expect that our results of operations will continue to vary significantly from quarter to quarter and year to year because of a variety of factors, many of which are outside of our control. As a result, comparing our results of operations on a period-to-period basis may not be meaningful. Factors that may contribute to the variability of our quarterly and annual results include, but are not limited to: 
 our ability to attract and retain learners, instructors, and enterprises that use our platform in a cost-effective manner; 
 our ability to accurately forecast revenue and operating expenses; 
 the effects of increased competition on our business; 
 our ability to successfully expand in existing markets and successfully enter new markets; 
 changes in learner or customer behavior with respect to online learning solutions; 
 increases in marketing, sales, and other operating expenses that we may incur to grow and acquire new learners, instructors, and customers; 
 the revenue mix between our consumer and UB offerings; 
 the impact of worldwide economic conditions, including the resulting effect on consumer and business spending on online learning solutions; 
 our ability to maintain an adequate rate of growth and effectively manage that growth; 
 the effects of changes in search engine placement and prominence; 
 our ability to keep pace with technology changes in our industry; 
 the success of our sales and marketing efforts; 
 our ability to protect, maintain, and enforce our intellectual property rights; 
 costs associated with defending claims, including intellectual property infringement claims, and related judgments or settlements; 
 changes in governmental or other regulations affecting our business; 
 interruptions in service and any related impact on our business, reputation, or brand; 
 the attraction and engagement of qualified employees and key personnel; 
 our ability to choose and effectively manage third-party service providers; 
 the effects of natural or man-made catastrophic events, including wars and other armed conflicts, such as Russia s invasion of Ukraine; 
 the impact of a pandemic or an outbreak of disease or similar public health concern, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, or fear of such an event; 
 potential volatility in our gross margins, including due to revenue mix shifts between our Enterprise and Consumer segments, changes in our pricing policies, increased use of subscriptions in our Consumer segment, and timing differences between recognition of revenue and related content costs for courses; 
 the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting; 
 the impact of payment processor costs and procedures; and 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 changes in our tax rates or exposure to additional tax liabilities. 
 The unpredictability of our results of operations could cause our results to vary from period to period or to fall below expected levels for a given period, which will adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Our rapid growth may not be sustainable and depends on our ability to attract new learners, instructors, and organizations and retain existing ones. 
 Our success depends, in part, on growing the number of learners and instructors engaging with our platform. We believe the increase in the number of instructors increases the quality and quantity of the content available on our platform, in turn making our platform more appealing and engaging to learners in both our Consumer and Enterprise segments. This increase in learners then attracts more instructors to our platform. This dynamic marketplace model takes time to build and may grow at a slower pace than we expect. In addition, although the number of individual and UB learners and instructors engaging with our platform has grown in recent years, there can be no assurance that this growth will continue at its current pace or at all. For example, the significant uncertainty around future developments and the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic contribute in turn to the uncertainty regarding the adoption and growth of remote, online and asynchronous learning and training compared to the traditional models of education and training, which may adversely affect demand for our platform. If we fail to grow or maintain the number of learners and instructors engaging with our platform, the value of our platform will diminish and our revenue will decline. 
 We believe that many of our new learners find us by word of mouth and other non-paid referrals from existing learners. If existing learners are dissatisfied with their experience on our platform, they may stop accessing our content and referring others to us. Likewise, if existing learners do not find our content appealing and engaging, whether because of a negative experience with, declining interest in or relevancy of the content, they may stop referring others to us. In turn, if instructors perceive that our platform lacks an adequate learner audience, instructors may be less willing to provide content for our platform, and the experience of learners could be further negatively impacted. The willingness or ability of instructors to provide content for our platform could also be negatively impacted by other factors, such as: 
 complaints or negative publicity about us or our platform, even if factually incorrect or based on isolated incidents; 
 changes to our terms and policies that our instructors find, or even perceive, to be unpopular or that are not clearly articulated to them; or 
 our failure to enforce our policies fairly and transparently. 
 In addition, the costs associated with retaining learners and instructors are substantially lower than those associated with acquiring new learners and instructors. As a result, if we are unable to retain existing learners and instructors, even if such losses are offset by an increase in revenue resulting from new learners and instructors, it could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. Consequently, if we are unable to retain existing learners and instructors and attract new learners and instructors who contribute and engage with our platform, our growth prospects would be harmed and our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 Our platform relies on a limited number of instructors who create a significant portion of the most popular content on our platform, and the loss of these instructor relationships could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 As part of our instructor community, we strive to build meaningful connections with instructors, ranging from those that are well known and have created extensively to those that have just begun the process of creating courses. As of December 31, 2022, we had relationships with more than 70,000 instructors. Although we view the breadth and diverse expertise of our instructor base and the content they create as one of our competitive advantages, a significant portion of the most popular content on our platform, and as a result a significant portion of our revenue, is attributable to a limited number of our instructor s. M oreover, because instructors may unpublish content or leave the Udemy platform altogether, subject to our right to continue offering such content to new learners on the consumer marketplace for 60 days afterwards and in our subscription offerings for 12 months afterwards, we may need to source replacement content by a different instructor on short notice. Although we do not believe the loss of any one of these instructors would materially impact our business, the loss of multiple existing instructors, as well as any failure to attract additional instructors, could negatively impact our business, financial condition and results of operations by adversely affecting our ability to provide high-quality, engaging, and relevant content for one or more subject matters and the pace at which we provide such content, which in turn could reduce the attractiveness of our platform to learners and customers. 
 If we fail to maintain and expand our relationships with UB customers, our ability to grow our business and revenue will suffer. 
 Revenue from our Enterprise segment represented 50 , 36 , and 24 during the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. We believe that our future success depends, in part, on our ability to grow this offering, both by retaining and expanding our relationship with existing customers and attracting new customers. Many customers initially use our platform within specific groups or departments within their organizations, or for specific use cases. Our ability to grow our UB business depends, in part, on our ability to persuade these customers to expand their use of our platform to address additional use cases. Further, to continue to grow our business, it is important that our customers renew their subscriptions when existing contracts expire and that we expand our relationships with our existing customers. Customers have no obligation to renew their subscriptions, and they may decide not to renew their subscriptions with a similar contract period, at the same prices and terms, with the same or a greater number of users, or at all. We have had some customers elect not to renew their subscriptions with us in the past, and it is difficult to accurately predict whether we will have future success in retaining customers or expanding our relationships with them. We have experienced significant growth in the number of customers subscribing to our UB offerings, but we do not know whether we will continue to achieve similar growth, or achieve any growth at all, in the future. Our ability to retain UB customers and expand our deployments with them may decline or fluctuate as a result of a number of factors, including customers satisfaction with our platform, the quality and timeliness of our customer success and customer support services, our prices, the prices and features of competing solutions, reductions in customers spending levels, insufficient adoption of our platform by our customers constituents, and new feature releases. If customers do not purchase additional subscriptions or renew their existing subscriptions, renew on less favorable terms, or fail to continue to expand their engagement with us, our revenue may decline or grow less quickly than anticipated, which would harm our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 We operate in a highly competitive market, and we may not be able to compete successfully against current and future competitors. 
 We operate in a highly competitive environment, as the market for online learning is relatively new, highly fragmented, and rapidly evolving, with limited barriers to entry. We compete for learners, enterprise customers, and instructors: 
 Learners : We compete for learners based on our course catalog, instructors, and learning tools. 
 UB customers : We compete for customers based on our up-to-date content, the breadth and depth of that content across the full range of core business functions, and advanced product features that optimize self-paced learning and enable organizations to effectively drive programmatic learning. 
 Instructors : We compete for instructors based on our ability to promote monetization opportunities. 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 Our competition includes corporate training offerings, direct-to-consumer training offerings, specialized content training offerings, and free online resources used to gather and share knowledge and skills. 
 We expect our existing competitors and new entrants to the online learning market to continually evolve and improve their business models. If these or other market participants introduce new or improved delivery of online education and technology-enabled services that are more compelling or widely accepted than ours, our ability to grow our revenue and achieve profitability could suffer. Several new and existing companies in the online education industry provide or may provide offerings similar to what we offer on our platform, and, despite any exclusivity arrangements we have with our instructors, these companies may nonetheless pursue relationships with our instructors that may reduce, or stop altogether, the content our instructors produce for our platform. In addition, customers may choose to continue using or develop their own online learning or training solutions in-house rather than pay for our platform. 
 We believe that our ability to successfully compete depends on a range of factors, both within and beyond our control, including: 
 the availability or development of alternative online learning platforms that are more compelling to learners, instructors, or organizations than ours; 
 changes in pricing policies and terms offered by our competitors or by us; 
 the ability to adapt to or compete with new technologies and changes in requirements of our learners, instructors, and UB customers; 
 costs associated with acquiring and retaining learners, instructors, and UB customers; 
 the ability of our current and future competitors to establish relationships with customers; and 
 industry consolidation and the number and rate of new entrants. 
 
 Current and potential competitors (including any new entrants into the market) may enjoy substantial competitive advantages over us, such as greater name recognition, longer operating histories, market- or industry-specific knowledge, more successful marketing capabilities, and substantially greater financial, technical, and other resources than we have. Our current or new competitors may adopt certain aspects of our business model, which could reduce our ability to differentiate our services. Furthermore, online educational content is not typically marketed exclusively through any single channel and, accordingly, our competitors could aggregate a set of online learning courses similar to ours. Competition may intensify as our competitors raise additional capital or as new participants, including established companies, enter the markets in which we compete. Our ability to grow our business and achieve profitability could be impaired if we cannot compete successfully. 
 The market for online learning solutions is relatively new and may not grow as we expect, which may harm our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Our future success will depend in part on the growth, if any, in the demand for online learning solutions. Although we believe the COVID-19 pandemic has accelerated the demand for online learning solutions from both individuals and businesses alike, we continue to monitor how current macroeconomic conditions, including inflation, adjustment to interest rates, general economic uncertainty, and the COVID-19 pandemic may shape the development of the online learning market and the adoption and growth of remote, online and asynchronous learning and training solutions such as ours. Consequently, it is difficult to predict demand for and continued use of our platform by learners, instructors, and UB customers, the rate at which existing learners and instructors expand their engagement with our platform, the size and growth rate of the market for our platform, the entry of competitive offerings into the market, or the success of existing competitive offerings. Furthermore, even if learners or UB customers want to adopt an online learning solution, it may take them a substantial amount of time to fully transition to this type of learning solution or they could be delayed due to budget constraints, weakening economic conditions, or other factors. Even if market demand for online learning solutions generally increases, we cannot assure you that adoption of our platform will also increase. If the market for online learning solutions does not grow as we expect or our platform does not achieve widespread adoption, it could result in reduced learner and customer spending, reduced engagement from instructors, attrition by learners, instructors, and UB customers, and decreased revenue, any of which would adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 Adherence to our values and our focus on long-term sustainability may negatively impact our short- or medium-term financial performance. 
 Our values motivate everything we do, and we accordingly intend to focus on the long-term sustainability of our business and platform. We may take actions that we believe will benefit our business and our ecosystem and, therefore, our stockholders over a period of time, even if those actions do not maximize short- or medium-term financial results. However, these longer-term benefits may not materialize within the timeframe we expect or at all. For example: 
 we may choose to prohibit certain content from our platform that we believe is inconsistent with our values even though we could benefit financially from the sale of that content; 
 we may choose to revise our policies in ways that we believe will be beneficial to our learners, instructors, and UB customers in the long term even though the changes are perceived unfavorably among our existing learners, instructors, and customers; or 
 we may take actions, such as locating our servers in low-impact data centers, that reduce our environmental footprint even though these actions may be more costly than other alternatives. 
 We may need to change our pricing model for our platform s offerings, which in turn could adversely impact our results of operations. 
 
 We have in the past, and expect that we may in the future, need to change our pricing model or target contract length from time to time, which could impact our financial results. As the market for our learning platform develops, as new competitors introduce competitive applications or services, or as we enter into new international markets, we may be unable to attract new learners or UB customers at the same price or based on the same pricing models we have historically used, or for contract lengths consistent with our historical averages. In addition, as we develop and roll out new products, such as our recently launched consumer subscription model, or improve existing ones, we will need to develop pricing and contract models for these products that appeal to consumer learners over time, and we may not be successful in doing so. Pricing and contract length decisions may also impact the mix of adoption among our offerings and negatively impact our overall revenue. Competition may also require us to make substantial price concessions. Moreover, our pricing model and methodology has been, and may in the future become, subject to legal challenge under applicable federal or state laws, regulations, and guidelines relating to promotional pricing practices. For example, in August 2021, a putative class action complaint was filed against us alleging violations of California s unfair competition and false advertising statutes as well as the California Consumer Legal Remedies Act in connection with the promotional strike-through pricing for courses offered on platform, alleging that the reference prices used for comparison purposes are false or misleading. Our results of operations may be adversely affected by any of the foregoing, and we may have increased difficulty achieving or maintaining profitability. 
 Failure to effectively expand our sales and marketing capabilities could harm our ability to increase our base of learners and UB customers and achieve broader market acceptance. 
 Our ability to broaden our base of both consumer learners and UB customers, and achieve broader market acceptance of our marketplace platform, will depend to a significant extent on the ability of our sales and marketing organizations to work together to drive our sales pipeline and cultivate customer relationships. Our marketing efforts include the use of search engine optimization, paid search, email marketing, and television. 
 We have invested in and plan to continue expanding our sales and marketing organizations, both domestically and internationally. Identifying, recruiting, and training sales personnel will require significant time, expense, and attention. If we are unable to hire, develop, and retain talented sales or marketing personnel, if our new sales or marketing personnel are unable to achieve desired productivity levels in a reasonable period of time, or if our sales and marketing programs are not effective, our ability to broaden our customer base and achieve broader market acceptance of our platform could be harmed. In addition, the investments we make in our sales and marketing organizations will occur in advance of experiencing benefits from such investments, making it difficult to determine in a timely manner if we are efficiently allocating our resources in these areas. 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 If we fail to effectively adapt and respond to rapidly changing technology, evolving industry standards, and changing customer needs or requirements, our platform may become less competitive. 
 The markets in which we compete are and will continue to be characterized by constant change and innovation. Our success is predicated on our ability to identify and anticipate the needs of learners, instructors, and UB customers and design a scalable learning experience platform that allows them to easily create and access high-quality, in-demand educational content. Our ability to attract new and retain existing learners, instructors and UB customers to our platform, and to deepen their relationships with our platform, depends in large part on our ability to continue improving and enhancing our offerings. 
 We may experience difficulties with software development that could delay or prevent the development, introduction or implementation of platform modifications and enhancements. Software development involves a significant amount of time for our technology team, as it can take developers months to update, code, and test new and upgraded features and integrate them into our platform. We must also continually update, test, and enhance our platform. The continual improvement and enhancement of our platform requires significant investment and we may not have the resources to continue making these investments. Further, there can be no assurance that the platform modifications and enhancements in which we invest will result in additional revenue sufficient to cover the cost of developing those modifications and enhancements, if any. If we are not able to improve and enhance our platform in an effective manner, our business, financial condition, and results of operations will be adversely affected. 
 If we are not able to maintain and enhance our brand, our reputation and business may suffer. 
 We believe that maintaining and enhancing our reputation and brand recognition is critical to our ability to attract and retain learners, instructors, UB customers, and partners, and that the importance of our reputation and brand recognition will continue to increase as competition in the markets in which we operate continues to develop. Our success in this arena will depend on a range of factors, both within and beyond our control. Factors affecting our reputation and brand recognition that are within our control include our ability to: 
 market our platform effectively and efficiently; 
 maintain a useful, innovative, and reliable platform; 
 maintain a high satisfaction among learners, instructors, and UB customers; 
 provide a high quality and perceived value for our platform; 
 successfully differentiate our platform from competing offerings; 
 maintain a consistently high level of customer service; and 
 prevent any actual or perceived data security breach or incident or data loss, or misuse or perceived misuse of our platform. 
 Additionally, our reputation and brand recognition may be affected by factors that are beyond our control, such as: 
 the actions of competitors or other third parties; 
 the quality and quantity of, as well as the nature and subject matter of, content available from instructors on our platform; 
 positive or negative publicity, including with respect to events or activities attributed to us, our employees, instructors, or our commercial partners; 
 interruptions, delays, or attacks on our platform; and 
 litigation or legal developments. 
 Damage to our reputation and brand, from the factors listed above or otherwise, may reduce demand for our platform and have an adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition. Moreover, any attempts to rehabilitate our reputation and brand recognition may be costly and time-consuming, and there can be no assurance that any such efforts will ultimately be successful. 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 We could face liability, or our reputation might be harmed, as a result of courses posted to our platform. 
 Instructors at times post courses and related materials to our platform that contain content owned by third parties, and we do not proactively review content for potential infringement of intellectual property rights. Although we maintain and enforce terms and policies requiring instructors to respect the intellectual property rights of others, the laws governing the fair use of these third-party materials are imprecise and adjudicated on a case-by-case basis, which makes it challenging to adopt and implement appropriately balanced institutional policies governing these practices. As a result, we are subject to potential liability to third parties for the unauthorized duplication, distribution, or other use of this material. In addition, third parties have alleged, and in the future may allege, misappropriation, plagiarism, or similar claims related to content appearing on our platform. Any such claims, including claims of defamation, disparagement, negligence, warranty, misappropriation, or personal harm, could subject us to costly litigation and impose a significant strain on our financial resources and management personnel, regardless of whether the claims have merit. Moreover, there can be no assurance that measures taken under our terms and policies in response to complaints by third-party content owners regarding intellectual property violations, such as taking down courses subject to a valid complaint or banning instructors who violate our repeat infringer policy, will be sufficient to protect us from claims of intellectual property infringement. Our various liability insurance coverages may not cover potential claims of this type adequately or at all, and we may be required to alter or cease our uses of such material, which may include removing course content or altering the functionality of our platform, or be required to pay monetary damages. 
 
 Where applicable, we rely on a variety of statutory and common law frameworks and defenses, including those provided by the Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998 (the DMCA ), the Communications Decency Act (the CDA ), the fair-use doctrine in the United States and the E-Commerce Directive in the European Union (the E.U. ), variation in the availability, scope, and application of such frameworks, defenses, and statutes across the many jurisdictions we operate, and the applicable limitations on immunity, requirements to maintain immunity, and moderation efforts required in the many jurisdictions in which we operate may affect our ability to rely on these frameworks and defenses, or create uncertainty regarding liability for content posted to our platform. As an example, Article 17 of the Directive on Copyright in the Digital Single Market was passed in the E.U. contains conditions and obligations service providers must satisfy in order to qualify for its protection, compliance with which may have the consequence of limiting safe harbor protections afforded to us in the other jurisdictions (including in U.S. under the DMCA), and increase our exposure to liability relating to for content posted on our platform. Member states in the E.U. are in the process of determining how Article 17 will be implemented in their particular country s laws. In addition, the E.U. is also reportedly reviewing the regulation of digital services, and it has been reported that the E.U. plans to introduce the Digital Services Act, a package of legislation intended to update the liability and safety rules for digital platforms, products, and services, which could negatively impact the scope of the limited immunity provided to us by the E-Commerce Directive. The work of monitoring and responding to changes in applicable laws in the E.U. and other jurisdictions to maintain compliance with applicable safe harbors, where possible, may be difficult or expensive, and may have a negative impact on our business. In countries in Asia and Latin America, generally there are not similar statutes to the CDA or E-Commerce Directive. The laws of countries in Asia and Latin America generally provide for direct liability if a platform is involved in creating such content or has actual knowledge of the content without taking action to take it down. Further, laws in some Asian countries also provide for primary or secondary liability, which can include criminal liability, if a platform failed to take sufficient steps to prevent such content from being uploaded. Although these and other similar legal provisions provide limited protections from liability for platforms like ours, if we are found not to be protected by the safe harbor provisions of the DMCA , CDA, or other similar laws, or if we are deemed subject to laws in other countries that may not have the same protections or that may impose more onerous obligations on us, including Article 17 or other proactive obligations to filter or review content for potential infringement of intellectual property , we may be required to take additional, potentially burdensome, measures to moderate the content available through our platform, which could diminish the depth, breadth and variety of content available on our platform, or the speed at which new content is made available on our platform, and we may face substantial damages or other penalties for non-compliance, any of which in turn could negatively impact our brand, reputation and financial results. Moreover, regulators in the United States and in other countries in which we operate may introduce new regulatory regimes or modify existing regulatory regimes, including in ways that increase potential liability for information or content available on or through our platform or the content moderation decisions we make with respect to our platform, or which impose additional obligations to monitor such information or content, which could increase our costs. For example, in recent years, there have been various efforts calling for reforms to Section 230 of the CDA, ranging from a complete repeal of the statute to modifications of it in such a way as to remove certain social media companies from its protection, and certain U.S. states have either passed or are debating laws that would create potential liability for moderating or removing certain user content. 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 Failure of our resellers or other commercial partners to use acceptable ethical business practices or comply with applicable laws could negatively impact our business. 
 In certain jurisdictions, such as Japan, we rely on third-party resellers and other commercial partners to distribute and market our offerings. We expect these resellers and partners to operate in compliance with applicable laws, rules, and regulations, but we cannot control their conduct. If any of our resellers or partners violates applicable laws or implements business practices that are regarded as unethical, the distribution of our platform in those jurisdictions could be interrupted, usage of our platform could decline, our reputation could be damaged and we may be subject to liability. Any of these events could have a negative impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Our revenue, results of operations, and financial condition could be negatively affected by general economic conditions. 
 Our business is sensitive to trends in the general economy, which is unpredictable. Therefore, our operating results, to the extent they reflect changes in the broader economy, may be subject to significant fluctuations. Since online learning is generally dependent on discretionary spending, negative general economic conditions or uncertainty regarding future economic conditions, including as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, could significantly reduce the overall amount that learners and organizations spend on, and the frequency of, online learning or result in delays to planned spending on online learning. Any or all of these factors could reduce the demand for our services, reducing our revenue. In addition, the occurrence of any of these events could increase our need to make significant expenditures to continue to attract learners and UB customers to our platform. 
 Our business and operations could be materially and adversely affected by natural disasters, public health crises, political crises, or other catastrophic events. 
 Our business and operations could be materially and adversely affected in the event of natural or physical climate change like earthquakes, floods, fires, telecommunications failures, blackouts, or other power losses, break-ins, acts of terrorism, wars and other armed conflicts, political or geopolitical crises, inclement weather, public health crises, pandemics or endemics, including future waves of the COVID-19 pandemic, or other catastrophic events. In particular, our corporate headquarters are located in San Francisco, California, an earthquake-sensitive area and one that has been increasingly vulnerable to wildfires, and damage to or total destruction of our executive offices resulting from earthquakes may not be covered in whole or in part by any insurance we may have. If floods, fire, inclement weather including extreme rain, wind, heat, or cold, or accidents due to human error were to occur and cause damage to our properties, or if our operations were interrupted by telecommunications failures, blackouts, acts of terrorism, wars and other armed conflicts, political or geopolitical crises, or public health crises, our results of operations would suffer, especially if such events were to occur during peak periods. Physical climate change may result in natural disasters occurring more frequently or with greater intensity, such as drought, wildfires, storms, sea-level rise, and flooding. We may not be able to effectively shift our operations due to disruptions arising from the occurrence of such events, and our business could be affected adversely as a result. 
 Our business could be harmed if we fail to manage our growth effectively. 
 The rapid growth we have experienced, and may continue to experience, in our business places significant demands on our operational infrastructure. The scalability and flexibility of our platform depends on the functionality of our technology and network infrastructure and our ability to handle increased traffic and demand for bandwidth. The growth in the number of learners and instructors using our platform and the amount of educational content available through our platform has increased the amount of data and requests that we process. Any problems with the transmission of increased data and requests could result in harm to our brand or reputation. Moreover, as our business grows, we will need to devote additional resources to improving our operational infrastructure and continuing to enhance our scalability in order to maintain the performance of our platform. 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 Our growth has placed, and will likely continue to place, a significant strain on our managerial, administrative, operational, financial, and other resources. Between May 2016 to December 31, 2022 , our full-time employee headcount grew from 230 to 1,678 . In February 2023, we announced a reduction in force involving approximately 10 of our global workforce as part of our efforts to decrease our costs during the current macroeconomic environment and create a more streamlined organization to support our business. Future growth in our organization could place additional strain on our existing resources, and we could experience systemic operating difficulties in managing our business, which may negatively impact our gross profit or operating expenses. 
 Our future success depends on our ability to retain our senior management team and other highly skilled employees and to attract, retain, and motivate our qualified personnel. 
 We depend on the continued services and performance of our senior management team, key technical employees, and other key personnel. Although we have entered into employment agreements with senior management team members, each of them may terminate their employment with us at any time or not be able to perform the services we require in the future. We do not maintain key person insurance for any of our executives or other employees. Similarly, third parties may attempt to encourage our senior management team or other key employees to leave for other employment. The loss of one or more of the members of our senior management team or other key personnel for any reason could disrupt our operations, create uncertainty among investors, adversely impact employee retention and morale and significantly harm our business. 
 To execute our growth plan, we must hire many employees over the next few years. In addition, we must retain our highly qualified employees. Competition for highly qualified employees is intense, particularly from other high-growth technology companies and in the San Francisco, California labor market, where our corporate headquarters are located. 
 From time to time we have experienced, and may continue to experience, difficulty in hiring and retaining employees with the appropriate level of qualifications. The companies with which we compete for qualified employees may have greater resources than we have and may offer compensation packages that are perceived to be better than ours. Additionally, changes in our compensation structure, workforce reductions (including the reduction in force we announced in February 2023), or any previously implemented reductions in workforce and other cost reduction efforts may be negatively received by employees and result in attrition or cause difficulty in the recruiting process. If we fail to attract new employees or fail to retain and motivate our current employees, our business and future growth prospects could be adversely affected. 
 Acquisitions and other strategic investments may expose us to significant risks, any of which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 We have in the past pursued, and may in the future pursue, acquisitions of, or strategic investments in, businesses, technologies, services and other assets that complement our business. For example, in August 2021, we announced our acquisition of CUX, Inc. (d/b/a CorpU) CorpU ), an online leadership development platform. We have limited experience as an organization with successfully executing and managing acquisitions and strategic investments. These kind of transactions involve numerous risks, including the following: 
 difficulties in realizing the anticipated economic, operational and other benefits of the acquisition or strategic investment successfully or in a timely manner; 
 failure of businesses we acquire or invest in to achieve anticipated revenue, earnings, or cash flow; 
 diversion of management s attention or other resources from our existing business; 
 any inability to maintain the key customers, business relationships, suppliers, and brand potential of businesses we acquire or invest in; 
 uncertainty of entry into businesses or geographies in which we have limited or no prior experience or in which competitors have stronger positions; 
 unanticipated or greater costs than expected associated with pursuing acquisitions or investments; 
 difficulties in, or costs associated with, any integration process, such as challenges associated with assigning or transferring acquired intellectual property or intellectual property licenses; integrating and auditing financial statements of acquired companies that have not historically prepared financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States GAAP 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 and integrating the workforce of acquired companies and the potential loss of key employees of the acquired companies; 
 responsibility for the liabilities of acquired businesses, including those that were not disclosed to us or exceed our estimates, such as liabilities arising out of the failure to maintain effective privacy, data protection and cybersecurity controls, and liabilities arising out of the failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations, including tax laws; 
 inability to maintain our culture and values, ethical standards, controls, procedures, and policies; and 
 asset write-offs and impairments of goodwill and intangible assets in connection with any acquisition or strategic investment, as well as any inability to accurately forecast such impacts. 
 We may not succeed in addressing these or other risks in connection with any acquisitions or strategic investments we undertake, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Furthermore, we may have to pay cash, incur debt or issue equity or equity-linked securities to finance any acquisitions or investments, which could also adversely affect our financial condition or the trading price of our securities, and the sale of equity or equity-linked securities could result in dilution to our stockholders. 
 We may need to raise additional funds to pursue our growth strategy or continue operations, and we may be unable to raise capital when needed or on acceptable terms. 
 From time to time, we may seek additional equity or debt financing to fund our growth, enhance our platform, respond to competitive pressures, or make acquisitions or other investments. Our business plans may change, general economic, financial or political conditions in our markets may deteriorate or other circumstances may arise, in each case that have a material adverse effect on our cash flows and the anticipated cash needs of our business. Any of these events or circumstances could result in significant additional funding needs, requiring us to raise additional capital. We cannot predict the timing or amount of any such capital requirements at this time. If financing is not available on satisfactory terms, or at all, we may be unable to expand its business at the rate desired and our results of operations may suffer. 
 We operate internationally and we plan to continue expanding our international operations, which exposes us to risks inherent in international operations. 
 Managing a global organization requires significant resources and management attention. We currently maintain operations outside of the United States in Ireland, Turkey, Australia, and India, and we plan to expand our international operations in the future. 
 We generated 59 , 61 , and 61 of revenue outside of North America during the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively, and based on our instructor registration records, we estimate that a majority of our instructors are located outside the United States. Any further international expansion efforts that we may undertake may not be as successful as we expect or at all. 
 Additionally, conducting international operations subjects us to risks that we have not generally faced in the United States. These risks include: 
 the cost and resources required to localize our services, which requires the translation of our websites into foreign languages and adaptation for local practices and regulatory requirements; 
 competition with local market participants who understand the local market better than we do or who have pre-existing relationships with our potential learners and UB customers in those markets; 
 greater reliance on third-party resellers and other commercial partners for the distribution and marketing of our offerings; 
 legal uncertainty regarding our liability for the content and services provided by our instructors, including as a result of local laws or a lack of clear precedent of applicable law; 
 the burdens of complying with a wide variety of foreign laws and legal standards; 
 lack of familiarity with and unexpected changes in foreign regulatory requirements; 
 adapting to variations in methods of payment from learners and UB customers; 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 difficulties in managing and staffing international operations; 
 fluctuations in currency exchange rates; 
 potentially adverse tax consequences, including the complexities of foreign value added tax systems, digital services tax and restrictions on the repatriation of earnings; 
 increased financial accounting and reporting burdens and complexities and difficulties in implementing and maintaining adequate internal controls; 
 political, social, and economic instability abroad, wars and other armed conflicts, terrorist attacks, and security concerns in general, including Russia s invasion of Ukraine; 
 reduced or varied protection for intellectual property rights in some countries; and 
 higher telecommunications and internet service provider costs. 
 Operating in international markets also requires significant management attention and financial resources. The investment and additional resources required to establish operations and manage growth in other countries may not produce desired levels of revenue or profitability. 
 Our strategic and other relationships with partners overseas may also subject us to additional regulatory scrutiny in the United States and other jurisdictions. For example, the Committee on Foreign Investment in the U.S. has continued to apply a more stringent review of certain foreign investment in U.S. companies, and has made inquiries to us with respect to equity investments in us by foreign investors prior to our initial public offering. Operating in international markets could also increase our business exposure to the effects of trade and economic sanctions regulations. See We are subject to governmental export and import controls and regulations that could impair our ability to compete in international markets and subject us to liability if we are not in full compliance with applicable laws. 
 Further, as we continue to expand internationally, we could also become subject to increased difficulties in collecting accounts receivable (including as a result of international sanctions or other trade restrictions affecting the geographies in which we or our learners or customers are present), repatriating money without adverse tax consequences, and risks relating to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. We have not engaged in currency hedging activities to limit risk of exchange rate fluctuations, and while we may decide to do so in the future, the availability and effectiveness of these hedging transactions may be limited. Changes in exchange rates affect our costs and earnings, and may also affect the book value of our assets located outside the United States and the amount of our stockholders equity. 
 We are subject to laws and regulations worldwide, and failure to comply with such laws and regulations could subject us to claims or otherwise adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We are subject to a variety of laws in the U.S. and abroad that affect our business. As a global platform with learners and instructors in over 180 countries, w e are subject to a wide range of laws and regulations regarding consumer protection, advertising, electronic marketing, privacy, data protection and cybersecurity, data localization requirements, online services, freedom of speech, labor, real estate, taxation, intellectual property ownership and infringement, export and national security, tariffs, anti-corruption and telecommunications, all of which are continuously evolving and developing. 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 The scope and interpretation of the laws that are or may be applicable to us are often uncertain and may be conflicting, particularly laws outside the U.S., and compliance with laws, regulations and similar requirements may be burdensome and expensive. Because these laws and regulations are subject to change over time, we must continue to dedicate resources to monitoring developments in the law and ensuring compliance. Laws and regulations may be inconsistent from jurisdiction to jurisdiction, and certain jurisdictions may impose more stringent regulatory requirements than the U.S., which may increase the cost of compliance and doing business and expose us to possible litigation, penalties, or fines. Any such costs, which may rise in the future as a result of changes in these laws and regulations or in their interpretation, could make our platform less attractive to learners, instructors, or enterprise customers or cause us to change or limit our ability to make available our platform. We have policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance with applicable laws and regulations, but we cannot assure you that we will not experience violations of such laws and regulations or our policies and procedures. Any such violations could subject us to investigations, sanctions, enforcement actions, disgorgement of profits, fines, damages, civil and criminal penalties, or injunctions. If any governmental sanctions are imposed, or if we do not prevail in any possible civil or criminal litigation, our business, operating results, and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. In addition, responding to any action will likely result in a significant diversion of management s attention and resources and an increase in professional fees. Enforcement actions and sanctions could harm our business, operating results, and financial condition. 
 We are subject to governmental export and import controls and regulations that could impair our ability to compete in international markets and subject us to liability if we are not in full compliance with applicable laws. 
 Our business activities are subject to various restrictions under U.S. export and similar laws and regulations, including trade and economic sanctions regulations administered by the U.S. Treasury Department s Office of Foreign Assets Control and, in some cases, the U.S. Department of Commerce s Export Administration Regulations. The U.S. export control and economic sanctions laws and regulations include restrictions or prohibitions on the sale of certain services to U.S. embargoed or sanctioned countries, governments, persons, and entities which in some cases might apply to our activities. In addition, various countries regulate the import of certain technology and have enacted or could enact laws that could limit our ability to provide learners access to our platform or could limit our learners ability to access or use our services in those countries. 
 Although we take precautions to prevent our platform from being provided in violation of such laws, our platform could be provided inadvertently in violation of such laws, despite the precautions we take. Complying with these laws and regulations could be particularly difficult because our products are widely available worldwide, in some cases, by providing only minimal information at registration. If we fail to comply with these laws and regulations, we and certain of our employees could be subject to civil or criminal penalties, including the possible loss of export privileges and fines. We also may be adversely affected through penalties, reputational harm, loss of access to certain markets, or otherwise. In addition, various countries regulate the import and export of certain encryption and other technology, including import and export permitting and licensing requirements, and have enacted laws that could limit our ability to distribute our platform or could limit our learners ability to access our platform in those countries. Changes in our platform, or future changes in export and import regulations, may prevent our international learners or instructors from using our platform or, in some cases, prevent the export or import of our platform to certain countries, governments, or persons altogether. Any change in export or import regulations, economic sanctions, or related legislation or changes in the countries, governments, persons, or technologies targeted by such regulations, could result in decreased use of our platform. 
 Failure to comply with anti-bribery, anti-corruption, and anti-money laundering laws, and similar laws, could subject us to penalties and other adverse consequences. 
 We are subject to the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, the FCPA, the U.S. domestic bribery statute contained in 18 U.S.C. 201, the U.S. Travel Act, and possibly other anti-bribery laws and anti-money laundering laws in countries outside of the United States in which we conduct our activities. Anti-corruption and anti-bribery laws have been enforced aggressively in recent years and are interpreted broadly to generally prohibit companies, their employees, agents, representatives, business partners, and third-party intermediaries from authorizing, offering, or providing, directly or indirectly, improper payments or benefits to recipients in the public or private sector. 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 We sometimes engage third parties to sell our products and conduct our business abroad. We and our employees, agents, representatives, business partners, or third-party intermediaries may have direct or indirect interactions with officials and employees of government agencies or state-owned or affiliated entities and may be held liable for the corrupt or other illegal activities of these employees, agents, representatives, business partners, or third-party intermediaries even if we do not explicitly authorize such activities. We cannot assure you that none of our employees and agents will take actions in violation of applicable law, for which we may be ultimately held responsible. As we increase our international sales and business, our risks under these laws may increase. 
 These laws also require that we keep accurate books and records and maintain internal controls and compliance procedures designed to prevent any such actions. While we have policies and procedures to address compliance with such laws, we cannot assure you that none of our employees, agents, representatives, business partners, or third-party intermediaries will take actions in violation of our policies and applicable law, for which we may be ultimately held responsible. 
 Any allegations or violation of the FCPA or other applicable anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws and anti-money laundering laws could result in whistleblower complaints, sanctions, settlements, prosecution, enforcement actions, fines, damages, adverse media coverage, investigations, loss of export privileges, severe criminal or civil sanctions, or suspension or debarment from U.S. government contracts, all of which may have an adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. Responding to any investigation or action will likely result in a materially significant diversion of management s attention and resources and significant defense costs and other professional fees. 
 We are from time to time involved in claims, lawsuits, government investigations, and other proceedings that could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 We are involved in litigation matters from time to time, such as matters incidental to the ordinary course of our business, including intellectual property, commercial, employment, class action, whistleblower, accessibility, and other litigation and claims, and governmental and other regulatory investigations and proceedings. Such matters can be time-consuming, divert management s attention and resources, cause us to incur significant expenses or liability, or require us to change our business practices. In addition, the expense of litigation and the timing of these expenses from period to period are difficult to estimate, subject to change, and could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. Because of the potential risks, expenses, and uncertainties of litigation, we may, from time to time, settle disputes, even where we have meritorious claims or defenses, by agreeing to settlement agreements. Any of the foregoing could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 Increased scrutiny and changing expectations from regulators, investors, customers, employees, and others regarding our environmental, social and governance practices and reporting could cause us to incur additional costs, devote additional resources and expose us to additional risks, which could adversely impact our reputation, customer acquisition and retention, access to capital and employee retention. 
 
 Companies across all industries are facing increasing scrutiny related to their environmental, social and governance, or ESG, practices and reporting. Regulators, investors, customers, employees and other stakeholders have focused increasingly on ESG practices and placed increasing importance on the implications and social cost of their investments, purchases and other interactions with companies. For example, many investment funds focus on positive ESG business practices and sustainability scores when making investments and may consider a company s ESG or sustainability scores as a reputational or other factor in making an investment decision. In addition, investors, particularly institutional investors, use these scores to benchmark companies against their peers and if a company is perceived as lagging, these investors may engage with such company to improve ESG disclosure or performance and may also make voting decisions on this basis. With this increased focus and demand, public reporting regarding ESG practices is becoming more broadly expected. If our ESG practices and reporting do not meet investor, customer, or employee expectations, which continue to evolve, our brand, reputation, and learner, instructor, and UB customer retention may be negatively impacted. Any disclosure we make may include our policies and practices on a variety of ESG matters, including corporate governance, environmental compliance, employee health and safety practices, human capital management, and workforce inclusion and diversity. It is possible that stakeholders may not be satisfied with our ESG reporting, our ESG practices or our speed of adoption. We could also incur additional costs and devote additional resources to monitor, report and implement various ESG practices, including as a result of regulatory developments. 
 Risks related to technology, privacy, and cybersecurity 
 Changes in laws or regulations relating to privacy, data protection, or cybersecurity, including those relating to the protection or transfer of data relating to individuals, or any actual or perceived failure by us to comply with such laws and regulations or any other obligations could adversely affect our business. 
 We receive, transmit, and store personally identifiable information and other data relating to our learners, instructors, and other individuals, such as our employees. Numerous local, municipal, state, federal, and international laws and regulations address privacy, data protection, cybersecurity, and the collection, storing, sharing, use, disclosure, and protection of certain types of data, including the California Online Privacy Protection Act, the Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act, the Controlling the Assault of Non-Solicited Pornography and Marketing Act, Canada s Anti-Spam Legislation, the E.U. General Data Protection Regulation (the GDPR ), the Telephone Consumer Protection Act (restricting telemarketing and the use of automated SMS text messaging), Section 5 of the Federal Trade Commission Act, and the California Consumer Privacy Act (the CCPA ). These laws, rules, and regulations evolve frequently and their scope may continually change, through new legislation, amendments to existing legislation, and changes in enforcement, and may be inconsistent from one jurisdiction to another. 
 For example, the GDPR, which became effective on May 25, 2018, has resulted and will continue to result in significantly greater compliance burdens and costs for companies like ours. The GDPR regulates our collection, control, processing, sharing, disclosure, and other use of data that can directly or indirectly identify a living individual that is a resident of the E.U. and imposes stringent data protection requirements with significant penalties and the risk of civil litigation, for noncompliance. Failure to comply with the GDPR may result in fines of up to 20 million euros or up to 4 of the annual global revenue of the infringer, whichever is greater. It may also lead to civil litigation, with the risks of damages, injunctive relief, or regulatory orders adversely impacting the ways in which our business can use personal data. 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 In addition, in January 2021, the United Kingdom transposed the GDPR into domestic law with a United Kingdom version of the GDPR (combining the GDPR and the United Kingdom Data Protection Act of 2018), referred to as the U.K. GDPR, which provides for fines of up 17.5 million British pounds sterling or 4 of global turnover, whichever is greater. The relationship between the United Kingdom and the E.U. in relation to certain aspects of data protection law is subject to uncertainty. On June 28, 2021, the European Commission announced a decision of adequacy concluding that the United Kingdom ensures an equivalent level of data protection to the GDPR, which provides some relief regarding the legality of continued personal data flows from the European Economic Area (the EEA to the United Kingdom. This adequacy determination must, however, be renewed after four years and may be modified or revoked in the interim. We cannot fully predict how United Kingdom data protection laws or regulations may develop in the medium to longer term nor the effects of divergent laws and guidance, including those relating to how data transfers to and from the United Kingdom. Changes with respect to any of these matters may lead to additional costs and increase our overall risk exposure. 
 
 Additionally, we are or may become subject to laws, rules, and regulations regarding cross-border transfers of personal data, including those relating to transfer of personal data outside the EEA. Recent legal developments have created complexity and uncertainty regarding transfers of personal data from the EEA to the U.S. and other jurisdictions. For example, on July 16, 2020, the Court of Justice of the European Union (the CJEU invalidated the E.U.-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework (the Privacy Shield ), under which personal data could be transferred from the EEA to U.S. entities that had self-certified under the Privacy Shield scheme. While the CJEU upheld the adequacy of standard contractual clauses (approved by the European Commission as an adequate personal data transfer mechanism and potential alternative to the Privacy Shield), it noted that reliance on them may not necessarily be sufficient in all circumstances. In addition to other mechanisms (particularly standard contractual clauses), in limited circumstances we may rely on Privacy Shield certifications of third parties (for example, vendors and partners). The European Commission has published new standard contractual clauses that are required to be implemented. Further, on February 2, 2022, the United Kingdom s Information Commissioner s Office issued new standard contractual clauses effective March 21, 2022, which also are required to be implemented. These developments regarding cross-border data transfers have created uncertainty and increased the risk around our international operations and may require us to review and amend the legal mechanisms by which we make or receive personal data transfers to the U.S. and other jurisdictions. We may, among other things, be required to implement additional contractual and technical safeguards for any personal data transferred out of the EEA, Switzerland, the United Kingdom or other regions which may increase compliance costs, lead to increased regulatory scrutiny or liability, may require additional contractual negotiations, and may adversely impact our business, financial condition and operating results. 
 
 The CCPA, which went into effect on January 1, 2020, among other things, requires covered companies to provide new disclosures to California consumers and affords such consumers the ability to opt out of certain types of data sharing and sales of their personal information. The CCPA also prohibits covered businesses from discriminating against consumers (for example, charging more for services) for exercising their rights. The CCPA provides for civil penalties for violations, as well as a private right of action for data breaches that is expected to increase data breach litigation. Additionally, in November 2020, California voters passed the California Privacy Rights and Enforcement Act of 2020 (the CPRA ). As of January 1, 2023, the CPRA further expands the CCPA with additional data privacy compliance requirements that may impact our business and establishes a regulatory agency dedicated to enforcing those requirements. Aspects of the interpretation and enforcement of the CCPA and CPRA remain uncertain. The enactment of the CCPA has prompted a wave of similar legislative developments in other states in the U.S., which creates the potential for a patchwork of overlapping but different state laws and could mark the beginning of a trend toward more stringent privacy legislation in the U.S., which could increase our potential liability and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. For example, in March 2021, Virginia enacted the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act (the CDPA ), a comprehensive privacy statute that becomes effective on January 1, 2023 (at the same time as the CPRA). In June 2021, Colorado enacted a similar law, the Colorado Privacy Act (the CPA ), which becomes effective on July 1, 2023, in March 2022, Utah enacted a similar law, the Utah Consumer Privacy Act (the UCPA ), which becomes effective December 31, 2023, and in May 2022, Connecticut enacted a similar law, An Act Concerning Personal Data Privacy and Online Monitoring, which becomes effective July 1, 2023. In addition, on August 20, 2021, the Personal Information Protection Law, or PIPL, was adopted in the People s Republic of China (the PRC ), and it went into effect on November 1, 2021. The PIPL shares similarities with the GDPR, including extraterritorial application, data minimization, data localization, and purpose limitation requirements, and obligations to provide certain notices and rights to citizens of the PRC. The 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 PIPL allows for fines of up to 50 million renminbi or 5 of a covered company s revenue in the prior year. The effects of these statutes and other similar federal, state, or foreign laws that may be proposed or enacted are significant and may require us to modify our data processing practices and policies and incur substantial compliance-related costs and expenses. Additionally, many laws and regulations relating to privacy and the collection, storing, sharing, use, disclosure, and protection of certain types of data are subject to varying degrees of enforcement and new and changing interpretations by courts. These laws and other changes in laws or regulations relating to privacy, data protection, and cybersecurity, particularly any new or modified laws or regulations, or changes to the interpretation or enforcement of such laws or regulations, that require enhanced protection of certain types of data or new obligations with regard to data retention, transfer, or disclosure, could greatly increase the cost of providing our platform, require significant changes to our operations, or even prevent us from providing our platform in jurisdictions in which we currently operate and in which we may operate in the future. 
 Additionally, we have incurred, and may continue to incur, significant expenses in an effort to comply with privacy, data protection, and cybersecurity standards and protocols imposed by law, regulation, industry standards, or contractual obligations. Publication of our privacy statement and other policies regarding privacy, data protection, and cybersecurity may subject us to investigation or enforcement actions by regulators if those statements or policies are found to be deficient, lacking transparency, deceptive, unfair, or misrepresentative of our practices. We are also bound by contractual obligations related to privacy, data protection, and cybersecurity and our efforts to comply with such obligations may not be successful or may have other negative consequences. The various privacy, data protection, and cybersecurity legal obligations that apply to us may evolve in a manner that relates to our practices or the features of our mobile apps or website and we may need to take additional measures to comply with the new and evolving legal obligations, including but not limited to training efforts for our employees, contractors and third party partners. Such efforts may not be successful or may have other negative consequences. In particular, with laws and regulations such as the CCPA, CPRA, CDPA, CPA, and UCPA imposing new and relatively burdensome obligations and with substantial uncertainty over the interpretation and application of these and other laws and regulations, we may face challenges in addressing their requirements and making necessary changes to our policies and practices and may incur significant costs and expenses in an effort to do so. Despite our efforts to comply with applicable laws, regulations, and other obligations relating to privacy, data protection and cybersecurity, it is possible that our interpretations of the law, practices, policies, or platform or other services or offerings could be inconsistent with, or fail or be alleged to fail to meet all requirements of, such laws, regulations, or obligations. Any failure, or consequences associated with our efforts to comply with applicable laws or regulations or any other obligations relating to privacy, data protection, or cybersecurity, or any compromise of security that results in unauthorized access to, or use or release of data relating to learners, instructors, or other individuals, or the perception that any of the foregoing types of failure or compromise has occurred, could damage our reputation, discourage new and existing learners, instructors, and UB customers from using our platform, or result in fines, investigations, or proceedings by governmental agencies and private claims and litigation, any of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. Even if not subject to legal challenge, the perception of concerns relating to privacy, data protection, or cybersecurity, whether or not valid, may harm our reputation and brand adversely affect our business, financial condition, and operating results. 
 A cybersecurity attack or other security breach or incident could delay or interrupt service to our learners, instructors, and UB customers, harm our reputation or subject us to significant liability. 
 Our platform involves the processing of significant amounts of data relating to the learners, instructors, and UB customers interacting with our platform, including personal data and personal information. Additionally, we collect and store certain sensitive and proprietary information, and personal data and personal information, in the operation of our business, including trade secrets, intellectual property, employee data, and other confidential data. 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 We engage third-party service providers to store and otherwise process certain data, including sensitive and personal information. Our service providers have been, and in the future may be, the targets of cyberattacks, malicious software, phishing schemes, fraud, and other risks to the confidentiality, security, and integrity of their systems and the data they process for us. Our ability to monitor our service providers cybersecurity is limited, and, in any event, third parties may be able to circumvent those security measures, resulting in the unauthorized access to, misuse, disclosure, loss, unavailability, destruction or other processing of data they process for us, including sensitive and personal information. There have been and may continue to be significant supply chain attacks, and we cannot guarantee that our or our third-party providers systems and networks have not been breached or that they do not contain exploitable defects or bugs that could result in a breach of or disruption to our systems and networks or the systems and networks of third parties that support us and our services. 
 While we have taken measures to protect our own proprietary and confidential information, as well as the personal information, personal data, and confidential information that we otherwise obtain, and measures to protect our platform, we, our third-party service providers, and the networks and systems used in our business, including those of third-party service providers, have been subject to, and we, our service providers and our platform may in the future may be subject to, cybersecurity attacks or other security breaches or incidents. Cybersecurity attacks may take the form of denial of service attacks, attacks using ransomware or other malware, or other attacks, and can come from individual hackers, criminal groups, and state-sponsored organizations. These sources can also implement social engineering techniques to induce our employees, contractors, or customers to disclose passwords or other sensitive information or take other actions to gain access to data, and we and our platform otherwise may be subject to security breaches and incidents resulting from employee or contractor error or malfeasance. We may be more susceptible to cyberattacks and other security breaches and other security incidents while social distancing measures restricting the ability of our employees to work at our offices are in place to combat the COVID-19 pandemic because we have less capability to implement, monitor, and enforce our information security and data protection policies. 
 More generally, we cannot guarantee that applicable recovery systems, security protocols, network protection mechanisms, and other procedures of ourselves of our third-party service providers are or will be adequate to prevent network and service interruption, system failure or loss, corruption, or unauthorized access to, or disclosure, acquisition, unavailability, destruction, or other processing of, data, including personal data, personal information, and other sensitive information that we or they process or maintain. Moreover, our platform could be breached or disrupted if vulnerabilities in our platform are exploited by unauthorized third parties. Since techniques used to obtain unauthorized access change frequently and the size of cybersecurity attacks and of security breaches and incidents are increasing, we and our third-party service providers may be unable to implement adequate preventative measures or stop the attacks while they are occurring. A cybersecurity attack or security breach or incident could delay or interrupt service to our learners, instructors, or organizations and may deter learners, instructors, or organizations from using our platform, and we and our service providers may face difficulties or delays in identifying, remediating, and otherwise responding to any cybersecurity attack or other security breach or incident. In addition, any actual or perceived cybersecurity attack or security breach or incident could damage our reputation and brand, expose us to a risk of claims, litigation, regulatory investigations, or other proceedings and possible fines, penalties, or other liability and require us to expend significant capital and other resources to alleviate problems caused by the cybersecurity attack or security breach or incident. We incur significant costs in an effort to detect and prevent security breaches and other security-related incidents, and we expect our costs will increase as we make improvements to our systems and processes to prevent future breaches and incidents. Some jurisdictions have enacted laws requiring companies to notify individuals of data security breaches involving certain types of personal data. Such mandatory disclosures could lead to negative publicity and any such disclosures, or any belief that a cybersecurity attack, or a security breach or incident, has impacted us, our platform, or our service providers may cause our learners, instructors, or UB customers to lose confidence in the security of our platform and the effectiveness of the cybersecurity measures we and our service providers utilize. 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 Further, any limitations of liability provisions in our customer and user agreements, contracts with third-party service providers, or other contracts may not be enforceable or adequate or otherwise protect us from any liabilities or damages with respect to any particular claim relating to a security breach or incident or other security-related matter. While our insurance policies include liability coverage for certain of these matters, subject to applicable deductibles, any cybersecurity attack or other security breach or other incident, could subject us to claims or damages that exceed our insurance coverage. Our insurance coverage might not be adequate for liabilities actually incurred relating to any security breach or incident, such insurance may not continue to be available to us in the future on economically reasonable terms, or at all, and insurers may deny us coverage as to any future claim. The successful assertion of one or more large claims against us that exceed available insurance coverage, or the occurrence of changes in our insurance policies, including premium increases or the imposition of large deductible or co-insurance requirements, could have a material adverse effect on our business, including our financial condition, operating results, and reputation. 
 Interruptions or performance problems associated with our technology and infrastructure could adversely affect our business and results of operations. 
 Our continued growth partially depends on the ability of learners and instructors to access our platform at any time. Our platform has encountered, and may in the future encounter, disruptions, outages, and other performance problems due to a variety of factors, including infrastructure changes, introductions of new capabilities, human or technology errors, distributed denial of service attacks, or other security related incidents. In some instances, we may not be able to identify the cause or causes of these performance problems in a timely manner. It may become increasingly difficult to maintain and improve the performance of our platform as it grows and becomes more complex, and in the future we may be required to allocate significant resources to augment and update our technology and network infrastructure. If learners or instructors are unable to access our platform within a reasonable amount of time, or at all, our business will be harmed. 
 Our business depends significantly on continued access to the internet and mobile networks. 
 Our learners and instructors rely on access to the internet and mobile networks to access our platform. Internet service providers may choose to disrupt or degrade our access to our platform or increase the cost of such access. Internet service providers or mobile network operators could also attempt to charge us for providing access to our platform. In 2015, rules approved by the Federal Communications Commission (the FCC went into effect that prohibited internet service providers from charging content providers higher rates in order to deliver their content over certain fast traffic lanes; however, those rules were repealed in June 2018, and efforts to challenge the repeal in the courts have failed to reverse the FCC s 2018 decision, and in October 2019, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit issued a mixed ruling that did not reverse the FCC s 2015 decision in its entirety. Although this court ruling allows states to enact their own net neutrality rules, the repeal of federal protections may make it more difficult or costly for many buyers or instructors to access our platform and may result in increased costs for us, which could significantly harm our business. Outside the United States, government regulation of the internet, including the idea of network neutrality, may be developing or non-existent. It is possible that governments of one or more foreign countries may seek to censor content available on our platform or may even attempt to block access to our platform. If we are restricted from operating in one or more countries, our ability to attract and retain learners, instructors, and customers may be adversely affected and we may not be able to grow our business as we anticipate. 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 We rely on Amazon Web Services for a substantial portion of our platform services. Any disruption of, or interference with, our use of Amazon Web Services could negatively impact our business and operations. 
 Amazon Web Services provides distributed computing infrastructure platforms for business operations, commonly referred to as cloud computing services. We currently run a significant portion of our platform s computing on Amazon Web Services, and any significant disruption of, or interference with, our use of Amazon Web Services would negatively impact our operations and our business would be seriously harmed. If learners or instructors are unable to access our platform through Amazon Web Services or encounter difficulties in doing so, we may lose learners, instructors, and UB customers. The level of service provided by Amazon Web Services may also impact the adoption and perception of our platform. If Amazon Web Services experiences interruptions in service regularly or for a prolonged basis, or other similar issues, our business would be seriously harmed. Hosting costs will also increase if and as our base of learners, instructors, and UB customers grows, and our business, financial condition, and results of operations may be adversely affected if we are unable to grow our revenue faster than the cost of using Amazon Web Services or similar providers increases. 
 Amazon Web Services may take actions beyond our control that could seriously harm our business, including discontinuing or limiting access to Amazon Web Services, increasing pricing terms, terminating our contract, establishing more favorable relationships or pricing terms with one or more of our competitors, and modifying or interpreting its terms of service or other policies in a manner that impacts our ability to administer our business and operations. 
 Our payments system depends on third-party providers and is subject to evolving laws and regulations. 
 We rely on third-party payment processors to process payments made by learners and customers, and to instructors, on our platform. We have engaged third-party service providers to perform underlying card processing, currency exchange, identity verification, and fraud analysis services. If these service providers do not perform adequately or if they terminate their relationships with us or refuse to renew their agreements with us on commercially reasonable terms, we will need to find an alternate payment processor and may not be able to secure similar terms or replace such payment processors in an acceptable time frame. Further, the software and services provided by our third-party payment processors may not meet our expectations, contain errors or vulnerabilities, be compromised, or experience outages. Any of these risks could cause us to lose our ability to accept online payments, make payments to our instructors or conduct other payment transactions, any of which could make our platform less convenient and attractive and harm our ability to attract and retain learners, instructors, and customers. In addition, if these providers increase the fees they charge us, our operating expenses could increase. 
 The laws and regulations related to payments are complex and vary across different jurisdictions in the United States and globally. As a result, we are required to spend significant time and effort to comply with those laws and regulations. Any failure or claim of our failure to comply, or any failure by our third-party service providers to comply, could cost us substantial resources, result in liabilities, or force us to stop offering certain third-party payment services. In addition, as we expand our international operations, we will need to accommodate international payment method alternatives. As we expand the availability of new payment methods in the future, including internationally, we may become subject to additional regulations and compliance requirements. 
 Further, through our agreement with our third-party credit card processors, we are indirectly subject to payment card association operating rules and certification requirements, including the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard. We are also subject to rules governing electronic funds transfers. Any change in these rules and requirements could make it difficult or impossible for us to comply. If we fail to comply with these rules or requirements, we may be subject to additional fines and higher transaction fees and lose our ability to accept credit and debit card payments from our learners and UB customers, process electronic funds transfers or facilitate other types of online payments, and our business and operating results could be adversely affected. 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 The use of our platform could be adversely affected if our mobile solutions are not effective. 
 Learners have been increasingly accessing our platform on mobile devices through our Udemy and UB apps in recent years. The smaller screen size and reduced functionality associated with some mobile devices may make the use of our platform more difficult. Those accessing our platform primarily on mobile devices may not enroll in the courses offered on our platform as often as those accessing our platform through personal computers, which could result in less revenue for us. If we are not able to provide a rewarding experience on mobile devices, our ability to attract learners to our platform could be impaired, and consequently our business may suffer. 
 As new mobile devices and mobile features are released, we may encounter problems in developing or supporting apps for them. In addition, supporting new devices and mobile device operating systems may require substantial time and resources. 
 The success of our mobile apps could also be harmed by factors outside our control, including: 
 actions taken by mobile app distributors, including the Apple App Store and the Google Play Store; 
 unfavorable treatment received by our mobile apps, especially as compared to competing apps, such as the placement of our mobile apps in a mobile app download store; 
 increased costs in the distribution and use our mobile app; or 
 changes in mobile operating systems, such as iOS and Android, that degrade the functionality of our mobile website or mobile apps or that give preferential treatment to competitive offerings. 
 If our learners encounter difficulty accessing or using, or if they choose not to use, our mobile platform, our business and results of operations may be adversely affected. 
 Internet search engines drive traffic to our platform and, if we fail to appear prominently in search results, our growth rate could decline and our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 Many learners find our website through internet search engines, like Google. A critical factor in attracting learners to our website is how prominently we are displayed in response to search queries. Search engine companies typically provide two types of search results: algorithmic listings and paid advertisements. We rely on both types of search results to attract visitors to our website. Algorithmic search result listings are determined and displayed in accordance with a set of proprietary formulas or algorithms developed by particular search engine companies. From time to time, these companies revise their algorithms without notice. In some instances, these modifications have caused our website to be listed less prominently in search results. In addition, search engine companies retain broad discretion to remove from search results any company whose marketing practices are deemed to be inconsistent with the search engine companies guidelines. If our marketing practices violate or appear to violate search engine company guidelines, we may, without warning, not appear in search result listings at all. If we are listed less prominently or fail to appear in search result listings for any reason, visits by prospective learners to our website would likely decline. We may not be able to replace this traffic and any attempt to do so may require us to increase our sales and marketing expenditures, which may not be offset by additional revenue and could adversely affect our operating results. 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 Risks related to our intellectual property 
 We may be unable to adequately obtain, maintain, protect, and enforce our intellectual property and proprietary information, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Our business depends on our intellectual property, the protection of which is critical to our success. We rely on a combination of intellectual property rights, including patents, trade secrets, trade dress, domain names, copyrights, and trademarks to protect our competitive advantage, all of which offer only limited protection. The steps we take to protect our intellectual property, including physical, operational, and managerial protections of our confidential information, contractual obligations of confidentiality, assignment agreements with our employees and contractors, license agreements, and the prosecution and maintenance of registrations and applications for registration of intellectual property rights, require significant resources and may be inadequate. We will not be able to protect our competitive advantage if we are unable to establish, protect, maintain, or enforce our rights or if we do not detect or are unable to address unauthorized use of our intellectual property. We may be required to use significant resources to monitor and protect these rights. Despite our precautions, it may be possible for unauthorized third parties to copy portions or all of our platform and use information that we regard as proprietary to create services that compete with ours. Some license provisions protecting against unauthorized use, copying, transfer, and disclosure of our proprietary information may be unenforceable under the laws of certain jurisdictions. 
 We hold various registered trademarks in the United States and in fore ign jurisdictions. We also have common law rights in some trademarks and pending trademark applications in the United States and foreign jurisdictions. In addition, we have registered domain names for websites that we use in our business, such as www.udemy.com and some other variations. Competitors may adopt service names or domain names similar to ours, thereby harming our ability to build brand identity and possibly leading to user confusion. In addition, our registered or unregistered trademarks or trade names could be declared generic, and there could be potential trade name or trademark infringement claims brought by owners of other trademarks that are similar to our trademarks. If our trademarks and trade names are not adequately protected, then we may not be able to build and maintain name recognition in our markets of interest and our business may be adversely affected. Effective trademark protection may not be available or may not be sought in every country in which our products are made available, in every class of goods and services in which we operate, and contractual disputes may affect the use of marks governed by private contract. Further, we hold a small number of issued patents and thus have a limited ability to exclude or prevent our competitors from implementing technology, methods, and processes similar to our own. Litigation or proceedings before the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office or other governmental authorities and administrative bodies in the United States and abroad may be necessary in the future to enforce our intellectual property rights and to determine the validity and scope of our rights and the proprietary rights of others. Further, we may not timely or successfully apply for a patent or register its trademarks or otherwise secure rights in our intellectual property. We expect to continue to expand internationally and, in some foreign countries, the mechanisms to establish and enforce intellectual property rights may be inadequate to protect our technology, which could harm our business. 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 It is our policy to enter into confidentiality and invention assignment agreements with our employees and consultants and enter into confidentiality agreements with the parties with whom we have strategic relationships. No assurance can be given that these agreements will be effective in controlling access to our proprietary information and trade secrets. The confidentiality agreements on which we rely to protect certain technologies may be breached, may not be adequate to protect our confidential information, trade secrets, and proprietary technologies, and may not provide an adequate remedy in the event of unauthorized use or disclosure of our confidential information, trade secrets, or proprietary technology. Further, these agreements do not prevent our competitors or others from independently developing products that are substantially equivalent or superior to ours. In addition, others may independently discover our trade secrets and confidential information, and in such cases we may not be able to assert any trade secret rights against such parties. Additionally, we may from time to time be subject to opposition or similar proceedings with respect to applications for registrations of our intellectual property, including trademarks. While we aim to acquire adequate protection of our brand through trademark registrations in key markets, occasionally third parties may have already registered or otherwise acquired rights to identical or similar marks for services that also address our market. We rely on our brand and trademarks to identify our platform and to differentiate our platform and services from those of our competitors, and if we are unable to adequately protect our trademarks, third parties may use our brand names or trademarks similar to ours in a manner that may cause confusion in the market, which could decrease the value of our brand and adversely affect our business and competitive advantages. 
 Our intellectual property rights and the enforcement or defense of such rights may be affected by developments or uncertainty in laws and regulations relating to intellectual property rights. Moreover, many companies have encountered significant problems in protecting and defending intellectual property rights in foreign jurisdictions. The legal systems of certain countries, particularly certain developing countries, do not favor the enforcement of patents, trade secrets, and other intellectual property protection, which could make it difficult for us to stop the infringement, misappropriation, or other violation of our intellectual property or marketing of competing products in violation of our intellectual property rights generally. 
 Policing unauthorized use of our intellectual property and misappropriation of our technology and trade secrets is difficult and we may not always be aware of such unauthorized use or misappropriation. Despite our efforts to protect our intellectual property rights, unauthorized third parties may attempt to use, copy, or otherwise obtain and market or distribute our technology or otherwise develop services with the same or similar functionality as our platform. If our competitors infringe, misappropriate, or otherwise violate our intellectual property rights and we are not adequately protected, or if our competitors are able to develop a platform with the same or similar functionality as ours without infringing our intellectual property, our competitive advantage and results of operations could be harmed. Litigation brought to protect and enforce our intellectual property rights could be costly, time consuming, and distracting to management and could result in the impairment or loss of portions of our intellectual property. As a result, we may be aware of infringement by our competitors but may choose not to bring litigation to protect our intellectual property rights due to the cost, time, and distraction of bringing such litigation. Furthermore, if we do decide to bring litigation, our efforts to enforce our intellectual property rights may be met with defenses, counterclaims, and countersuits challenging or opposing our right to use and otherwise exploit particular intellectual property, services, and technology or the enforceability of our intellectual property rights. Our inability to protect our proprietary technology against unauthorized copying or use, as well as any costly litigation or diversion of our management s attention and resources, could delay further sales or the implementation of our solutions, impair the functionality of our platform, prevent or delay introductions of new or enhanced solutions, result in us substituting inferior or more costly technologies into our platform, or injure our reputation. Furthermore, many of our current and potential competitors may have the ability to dedicate substantially greater resources to developing and protecting their technology or intellectual property rights than we do. 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 Intellectual property litigation, including litigation related to content available on our platform, could result in significant costs and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and reputation. 
 Companies in the technology industry are frequently subject to litigation based on allegations of infringement or other violations of intellectual property rights. We periodically receive notices that claim we have infringed, misappropriated, or misused other parties intellectual property rights, including with respect to content made available on our platform by instructors and other third parties. As we gain greater public recognition, we may face a higher risk of being the subject of intellectual property claims. Any intellectual property claims against us, with or without merit, could be time consuming and expensive to settle or litigate and could divert the attention of our management. Some of our competitors have extensive portfolios of issued patents. Many potential litigants, including some of our competitors and patent holding companies, have the ability to dedicate substantial resources to enforcing their intellectual property rights. Litigation regarding intellectual property rights is inherently uncertain due to the complex issues involved, and we may not be successful in defending ourselves in such matters. Furthermore, we may not qualify for the safe harbors established by laws in the United States and other countries protecting online service providers from claims related to content posted by users, or those laws could change in a manner making it difficult or impossible to qualify for such protection, increasing our exposure. While our Terms of Use, Instructor Terms and Trust Safety policies require instructors to respect the intellectual property rights of others, we have limited ability to influence the behavior of third parties, and there can be no assurance that these terms and policies will be sufficient to dissuade or prevent infringing activity by third parties on our platform. For more information, see Risks related to our business and operations We could face liability, or our reputation might be harmed, as a result of courses posted to our platform. 
 Any claims successfully brought against us could subject us to significant liability for damages and we may be required to stop using technology or other intellectual property alleged to be in violation of a third party s rights. We also might be required to seek a license for third-party intellectual property. Even if a license is available, we could be required to pay significant royalties or submit to unreasonable terms, which would increase our operating expenses. We may also be required to develop alternative non-infringing technology, which could require significant time and expense. If we cannot license or develop technology for any allegedly infringing aspect of our business, we would be forced to limit our service and may be unable to compete effectively. Any of these results could harm our business. 
 Our platform contains third-party open source software components, and failure to comply with the terms of the underlying open source software licenses could restrict our ability to provide our platform. 
 We use open source software in our platform and expect to continue to use open source software in the future. In addition, we contribute software source code to open source projects under open source licenses or release internal software projects under open source licenses and anticipate continuing to do so in the future. Additionally, under some open source licenses, if we combine our proprietary software with open source software in a certain manner, certain proprietary software (including our own software) or other intellectual property rights could become subject to obligations to be disclosed in source code form and licensed, including for the purpose of enabling further modification and distribution, and at no charge or for only a nominal fee. Third parties may also seek to enforce the terms of the applicable open source license through litigation which, if successful, could subject us to liability and require us to make our proprietary software source code available under an open source license, seek to purchase a license (which, if available, could be costly), and cease offering the implicated products or services unless and until we can re-engineer them to avoid infringement. This re-engineering process could require significant additional research and development resources, and we may not be able to complete it successfully. Many of the terms of many open source licenses to which we are subject have not been interpreted by U.S. or foreign courts, and there is a risk that open source software licenses could be construed in a manner that imposes unanticipated conditions or restrictions on our ability to provide or distribute our products or services. While we try to insulate our proprietary code from the effects of such open source license provisions, we cannot guarantee that we will be successful, that all open source software is reviewed prior to use in our products, that our developers have not incorporated open source software into our products in potentially disruptive ways, or that they will not do so in the future. In addition to risks related to open source license requirements, use of certain open source software may pose greater risks than use of third-party commercial software, since open source licensors generally do not provide warranties or controls on the origin of software. Any of these risks could be difficult to eliminate or manage, and, if not addressed, could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 Risks related to financial reporting, taxation, and operations as a public company 
 If we fail to maintain an effective system of disclosure controls and internal control over financial reporting, our ability to produce timely and accurate financial statements or comply with applicable regulations could be impaired, which may adversely affect investor confidence in us and, as a result, lead to a decline in the market price of our common stock. 
 As a public company, we are required to comply with the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act ), and the rules and regulations of Nasdaq. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act, among other things, requires that we maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting. We are continuing to develop and refine our disclosure controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we will file with the SEC is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms and that information required to be disclosed in reports under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive and financial officers. 
 Under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, we are required to make a formal assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. As an emerging growth company , we availed ourselves of an exemption from the requirement that our independent registered public accounting firm attest to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. However, we may no longer avail ourselves of this exemption since we ceased to be an emerging growth company on December 31, 2022. As a result, our independent registered public accounting firm is required to undertake an assessment of our internal control over financial reporting and the cost of our compliance with Section 404 will continue to divert resources and take significant time and effort. Moreover, we may be unable to successfully complete all the procedures, certifications and attestation requirements of Section 404 in a timely manner. In addition, if we are unable to continue to meet these requirements, we may not be able to remain listed on Nasdaq . Our current controls and any new controls that we develop may become inadequate because of changes in conditions in our business. Moreover, our testing, or the subsequent testing by our independent registered public accounting firm, may reveal additional deficiencies in our internal control over financial reporting that are deemed to be material weaknesses. 
 Any failure to implement and maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting, including the identification of one or more material weaknesses, could cause investors to lose confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial statements and reports, which would likely adversely affect the market price of our common stock. In addition, we could be subject to sanctions or investigations by Nasdaq, the SEC, and other regulatory authorities. 
 Operating as a public company requires us to incur substantial costs and administrative burdens, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 As a public company, we incur substantial legal, accounting, administrative, and other costs and expenses that we did not incur as a private company. As a public company, we are subject to additional reporting and other obligations, such as the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, the applicable requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, and the applicable listing standards of Nasdaq. For example, the Exchange Act requires, among other things, we file annual, quarterly, and current reports with respect to our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Compliance with these rules and regulations will increase our legal and financial compliance costs and increase demand on our systems. In addition, we ceased to be an emerging growth company on December 31, 2022 and are no longer eligible for reduced disclosure requirements and exemptions applicable to emerging growth companies . We expect our loss of emerging growth company status will require additional attention from management and will result in increased costs to us, which could include higher legal fees, accounting fees and fees associated with investor relations activities, among others. As a public company, we may also be subject to stockholder activism, which can lead to additional substantial costs, distract management, and impact the manner in which we operate our business in ways we cannot currently anticipate. Our business and financial condition will become more visible as a result of our reporting obligations as a public company, which may result in threatened or actual litigation, including by competitors. 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 Many members of our management team have limited experience managing a publicly traded company, interacting with public company investors, and complying with the increasingly complex laws pertaining to public companies, and certain members joined us more recently. Our management team may not successfully or efficiently manage our transition to being a public company subject to significant regulatory oversight and reporting obligations under the federal securities laws and the continuous scrutiny of securities analysts and investors. These new obligations and constituents will require significant attention from our senior management and could divert their attention away from the day-to-day management of our business, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Unanticipated changes in our effective tax rate and additional tax liabilities, including as a result of our international operations or implementation of new tax rules, could harm our future results of operations. 
 We are subject to income taxes in the United States and certain foreign jurisdictions, including Australia, Brazil, India, Ireland, Japan, Taiwan, Turkey, and the United Kingdom. Our effective tax rate could be subject to volatility or adversely affected by several factors, many of which are outside of our control, including changes in the mix of earnings and losses in countries with differing statutory tax rates, changes in tax laws, rates, treaties, and regulations or the interpretation of the same, changes to the financial accounting rules for income taxes, the outcome of current and future tax audits, examinations or administrative appeals, certain non-deductible expenses, any decision to repatriate non-U.S. earnings for which we have not previously provided for taxes and the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities. Increases in our effective tax rate would reduce profitability or increase losses. In addition, we are subject to complex transfer pricing regulations administered by taxing authorities in various jurisdictions. Changes in tax and trade laws, treaties, or regulations, or their interpretation or enforcement, have become more unpredictable and may become more stringent, which could have a material adverse effect on our tax position. We made significant judgments and assumptions in the interpretation of new laws and in our calculations reflected in our financial statements. 
 As we expand the scale of our international business activities, any changes in the United States or foreign taxation of such activities may increase our worldwide effective tax rate and harm our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 On an ongoing basis, we are subject to examination by federal, state, local, and foreign tax authorities on income, employment, sales, and other tax matters. While we regularly assess the likelihood of adverse outcomes from such examinations and the adequacy of our provision for taxes, there can be no assurance that such provision is sufficient and that a determination by a tax authority would not have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. We believe our income, employment, and transactional tax liabilities are reasonably estimated and accounted for in accordance with applicable laws and principles, but an adverse resolution of one or more uncertain tax positions in any period could have a material impact on the results of operations for that period. Certain risks relating to employment and sales taxes are described in more detail under Note 9 Accrued expenses and other current liabilities ). 
 
 The United States recently enacted the Inflation Reduction Act, which imposes a 1 excise tax on certain stock repurchases and a 15 alternative minimum tax on adjusted financial statement income. Proposed legislation before Congress may make changes to the U.S. tax law, which may include reduced benefits related to the taxation of foreign income. Many countries and organizations such as the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development are also actively considering changes to existing tax laws or have proposed or enacted new laws, such as those relating to digital tax and a 15 global minimum tax, that may increase our tax obligations in countries where we do business or cause us to change the way we operate our business. Any of these developments or changes in federal, state, or international tax laws or tax rulings could adversely affect our effective tax rate and our operating results. 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 Taxing authorities may successfully assert that we have not properly collected or remitted, or in the future should collect or remit, sales and use, gross receipts, value added, or similar taxes, or employment, payroll, or withholding taxes, and may successfully impose additional obligations on us, and any such assessments, obligations, or inaccuracies could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 The application of non-income, or indirect, taxes, such as sales and use tax, value-added tax, goods and services tax, business tax, and gross receipt tax, to businesses like ours is a complex and evolving issue. Significant judgment is required on an ongoing basis to evaluate applicable tax obligations, and as a result, amounts recorded are estimates and are subject to adjustments. In many cases, the ultimate tax determination is uncertain because it is not clear how new and existing statutes might apply to our business. In addition, governments are increasingly looking for ways to increase revenue, which has resulted in discussions about tax reform and other legislative action to increase tax revenue, including through indirect taxes. Such taxes could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 We are subject to indirect taxes, such as sales, use, value-added, and goods and services taxes, in the United States and other foreign jurisdictions, and we do not collect and remit indirect taxes in all jurisdictions in which we operate on the basis that such indirect taxes are not applicable to us. Certain jurisdictions in which we do not collect and remit such taxes may assert that such taxes are applicable, which could result in tax assessments, including penalties and interest, and we may be required to collect such taxes in the future. A successful assertion by one or more tax authorities requiring us to collect taxes in jurisdictions in which we do not currently do so or to collect additional taxes in a jurisdiction in which we currently collect taxes could result in substantial tax liabilities, including taxes on past sales, as well as penalties and interest, could discourage learners, instructors, or organizations from using our platform, could increase the cost for consumers using our platform, or could otherwise harm our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Further, even where we are collecting taxes and remitting them to the appropriate authorities, we may fail to accurately calculate, collect, report, and remit such taxes. 
 Additionally, one or more states, localities, or other taxing jurisdictions may seek to impose additional reporting, record-keeping, or indirect tax collection obligations on businesses like ours. For example, taxing authorities in the United States and other countries have identified e-commerce platforms as a means to calculate, collect, and remit indirect taxes for transactions taking place over the internet, and are considering related legislation. After the U.S. Supreme Court decision in South Dakota v. Wayfair Inc. , certain states have enacted laws that would require tax reporting, collection, or tax remittance on items sold online, even where the online seller lacks a physical presence or nexus in that state. Requiring tax reporting or collection could decrease learner or instructor activity, which would harm our business. These state laws could require us to incur substantial costs in order to comply, including costs associated with tax calculation, collection, and remittance and audit requirements, which could make our offerings less attractive and could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Also, tax rules of certain countries, including the United States, generally require payors to report payments to unrelated parties to the applicable taxing authority and to withhold a percentage of certain amounts and remit such amounts to the applicable taxing authority. Failure to comply with such reporting and withholding obligations with respect to payments we make to our instructors could result in the imposition of liabilities for the under withheld amounts, fines, and penalties. In addition, a tax authority could assert that we should be withholding employment or other taxes from payments to instructors. In 2020, we began approaching the Internal Revenue Service (the IRS ), to address our historical withholding amounts for instructors. Due to our large number of instructors and the amounts paid to each, process failures with respect to these reporting obligations could result in financial liability and other consequences to us if we were unable to remedy such failures in a timely manner. 
 As a result of these and other factors, the ultimate amount of tax obligations owed may differ from the amounts recorded in our financial statements and any such difference may adversely affect our results of operations in future periods in which we change our estimates of our tax obligations or in which the ultimate tax outcome is determined. 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 Our ability to use our net operating loss carryforwards and certain other tax attributes may be limited. 
 
 W e have incurred net operating losses NOLs since our inception, and we expect to continue to incur net losses in the near future. As such, there is a risk that our existing NOLs could expire unused and be unavailable to offset future income tax liabilities if we do not achieve profitability. This may require us to pay federal income taxes in future years even if our NOLs were otherwise sufficient to offset our federal taxable income in such years. There is also a risk that due to regulatory and economic changes, such as suspensions on the use of NOLs, or other unforeseen reasons, our existing NOLs could expire or otherwise be unavailable to offset future income tax liabilities. Our NOLs may similarly expire under state laws. We have recorded a full valuation allowance related to our NOLs and other deferred tax assets due to the uncertainty of the realization of the future benefits of these assets. If our NOLs and other tax attributes expire before utilization or are subject to limitations, our business and financial results could be harmed. 
 
 In addition, under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ), if a corporation undergoes an ownership change, the corporation s ability to use its pre-change NOLs and federal tax credit carryforwards to offset its post-change taxable income, or reduce its federal income tax liability, may be limited. In general, an ownership change occurs when there is a cumulative change in our equity ownership by 5 percent shareholders that exceeds 50 percentage points over a rolling three-year period. Certain of our gross U.S. federal NOLs are subject to this limitation as a result of these ownership changes, and if it is determined that we have in the past experienced additional ownership changes, including as a result of our IPO, future transactions in our stock, some of which are outside our control, or both, our ability to use our NOLs and federal tax credit carryforwards to reduce future taxable income and tax liabilities may be further limited. Similar limitations may apply under state tax laws. 
 Our results of operations, which we report in U.S. dollars, could be adversely affected if currency exchange rates fluctuate substantially in the future. 
 We conduct our business across more than 180 countries a round the world. As we continue to expand our international operations, we will become more exposed to the effects of fluctuations in currency exchange rates. This exposure is the result of selling in m ultiple currencies and operating in foreign countries where the functional currency is the local currency. During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, 32 of our sales were denominated in currencies other than U.S. dollars, including euros, Indian rupees, British pounds sterling, Brazilian reais, and Japanese yen. Our expenses, by contrast, are primarily denominated in U.S. dollars. As a result, any increase in the value of the U.S. dollar against these foreign currencies may cause our revenue to decline relative to our costs, thereby decreasing our gross margins. For example, the euro, British pound sterling and Japanese yen have all recently experienced declines in value against the U.S. dollar, which has negatively affected our results of operations during the year ended December 31, 2022 and could continue to negatively impact our results of operations in future periods. Because we conduct business in currencies other than U.S. dollars, but report our results of operations in U.S. dollars, we also face remeasurement exposure to fluctuations in currency exchange rates, which could hinder our ability to predict our future results and earnings and could materially impact our results of operations. We do not currently maintain a program to hedge exposures to non-U.S. dollar currencies. 
 
 We could be adversely impacted by the effects of inflation. 
 
 Certain of our key markets, including the United States, are experiencing historically high rates of inflation, resulting from a number of macroeconomic and geopolitical factors, including supply chain constraints and rising oil and natural gas prices. Our operating costs have increased and may continue to increase due to rising inflation and as a result we may be required to take measures to respond to the impact of inflation. Among other things, we could be required to change our pricing model to offset inflationary pressures on our operating costs, but doing so could adversely affect customer acquisition and retention, negatively impacting our long-term growth, and could impair our competitive position if our competitors choose to absorb the cost of inflation. Alternatively, if we choose to absorb the cost of inflation to prioritize growth, our financial condition and results of operations may be negatively impacted as a result. Moreover, our instructors may independently make pricing decisions with respect to the courses they offer on our platform as a result of inflationary pressures, and any price increase could negatively impact the attractiveness of our marketplace to learners. Inflation has also contributed to higher interest rates, which may make it more difficult for us to raise capital on acceptable terms, should we choose to pursue additional financing in the future. 
 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 In any case, there can be no assurance that any measures we take to mitigate or address the impact of inflation will be effective. Even if such mitigatory measures are effective, there could be a difference between the timing of when these beneficial actions impact our results of operations and when the cost of inflation is incurred. 
 
 Any failure to successfully manage the impact of inflation on our business in a timely manner could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Our reported financial results may be adversely affected by changes in generally accepted accounting principles. 
 Generally accepted accounting principles are subject to interpretation by the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the SEC, and various bodies formed to promulgate and interpret appropriate accounting principles. A change in these principles or interpretations could have a significant effect on our reported results of operations and could affect the reporting of transactions completed before the announcement of a change. It is difficult to predict the impact of future changes to accounting principles or our accounting policies, any of which could negatively affect our reported results of operations. 
 Risks related to ownership of our common stock 
 The trading price of our common stock may be volatile, and you could lose all or part of your investment. 
 
 The market price of our common stock has, and may continue to, fluctuate substantially depending on a number of factors, including those described in this Risk Factors section, many of which are beyond our control and may not be related to our operating performance. These fluctuations could cause you to lose all or part of your investment in our common stock. Factors that could cause fluctuations in the trading price of our common stock include the following: 
 price and volume fluctuations in the overall stock market from time to time; 
 volatility in the trading prices and trading volumes of technology stocks; 
 changes in operating performance and stock market valuations of other technology companies generally, or those in our industry in particular; 
 sales of shares of our common stock by us or our stockholders; 
 failure of securities analysts to maintain coverage of us, changes in financial estimates by securities analysts who follow our company, or our failure to meet these estimates or the expectations of investors; 
 the financial projections we may provide to the public, any changes in those projections, or our failure to meet those projections; 
 announcements by us or our competitors of new services or platform features; 
 the public s reaction to our press releases, other public announcements, and filings with the SEC; 
 rumors and market speculation involving us or other companies in our industry; 
 actual or anticipated changes in our results of operations or fluctuations in our results of operations; 
 actual or anticipated developments in our business, our competitors businesses, or the competitive landscape generally; 
 litigation involving us, our industry or both, or investigations by regulators into our operations or those of our competitors; 
 actual or perceived privacy or security breaches or other incidents; 
 developments or disputes concerning our intellectual property or other proprietary rights; 
 announced or completed acquisitions of businesses, services, or technologies by us or our competitors; 
 new laws or regulations or new interpretations of existing laws or regulations applicable to our business; 
 changes in accounting standards, policies, guidelines, interpretations, or principles; 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 any significant change in our management; 
 general economic conditions and slow or negative growth of our markets; and 
 other events or factors, including those resulting from wars and other armed conflicts, such as Russia s invasion of Ukraine, incidents of terrorism, natural disasters, public health concerns or epidemics, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, natural disasters, or responses to these events. 
 In addition, in the past, following periods of volatility in the overall market and the market price of a particular company s securities, securities class action litigation has often been instituted against these companies. This litigation, if instituted against us, could result in substantial costs and a diversion of our management s attention and resources. 
 Future sales of our common stock could depress the market price of our common stock. 
 The market price of our common stock could decline as a result of substantial sales of our common stock, particularly sales by our directors, executive officers, and significant stockholders, a large number of shares of our common stock becoming available for sale, or the perception in the market that such sales could occur. 
 
 Certain holders of our common stock are entitled to rights with respect to the registration of their shares under the Securities Act under our investors rights agreement. Registration of these shares under the Securities Act would result in the shares becoming freely tradable without restriction under the Securities Act, except for shares held by our affiliates as defined in Rule 144 under the Securities Act, which are subject to the limitations of Rule 144. Sales of our securities or the perception that such sales could occur pursuant to these registration rights may make it more difficult for us to issue and sell securities in the future at a time and at a price that we deem appropriate. These sales could also adversely affect the trading price of our common stock and make it more difficult for you to sell shares of our common stock. 
 Future issuances of our common stock or rights to purchase common stock could result in additional dilution to our stockholders and cause the price of our common stock to decline. 
 We may issue additional common stock, convertible securities, or other equity from time to time. We also expect to issue common stock to our employees, directors, and other service providers pursuant to our equity incentive plans. Such issuances will be dilutive to investors and could cause the price of our common stock to decline. New investors in such issuances could also receive rights senior to those of holders of our common stock. 
 If securities or industry analysts do not publish research or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about us, our business or our industry, or if they change their recommendation regarding our common stock adversely, the market price and trading volume of our common stock could decline. 
 The trading market for our common stock will depend in part on the research and reports that securities or industry analysts publish about us, our business, our market, or our competitors. The analysts estimates are based upon their own opinions and are often different from our estimates or expectations. If any of the analysts who cover us change their recommendation regarding our common stock adversely, provide more favorable relative recommendations about our competitors, or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, the price of our securities would likely decline. If few securities analysts commence coverage of us, or if one or more of these analysts cease coverage of us or fail to publish reports on us regularly, we could lose visibility in the financial markets and demand for our securities could decrease, which could cause the price and trading volume of our common stock to decline. 
 We do not expect to pay dividends in the foreseeable future. 
 We have never declared nor paid cash dividends on our capital stock. We currently intend to retain any future earnings to finance the operation and expansion of our business, and we do not anticipate declaring or paying any dividends to holders of our capital stock in the foreseeable future. Consequently, stockholders must rely on sales of their shares of our common stock after price appreciation, which may never occur, as the only way to realize any future gains on their investment. 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 Our directors, executive officers, and principal stockholders beneficially own a substantial percentage of our common stock and are able to exert significant control over matters subject to stockholder approval. 
 As of December 31, 2022, our directors, executive officers, and holders of more than 5 of our outstanding common stock, together with their respective affiliates, beneficially owned shares representing approximately 48 of our outstanding common stock. As a result, these stockholders, if they act together, will be able to influence our management and affairs and all matters requiring stockholder approval, including the election of directors and approval of significant corporate transactions. This concentration of ownership may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change in control of our company and might affect the market price of our common stock. 
 Delaware law and provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws might delay, discourage or prevent a merger, tender offer or proxy contest, thereby depressing the market price of our common stock. 
 Our status as a Delaware corporation and the anti-takeover provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law (the DGCL ), may discourage, delay or prevent a change in control by prohibiting us from engaging in a business combination with an interested stockholder for a period of three years after the date of the transaction in which the person became an interested stockholder, even if a change of control would be beneficial to our existing stockholders. In addition, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws contain provisions that may make any acquisition of our company more difficult or delay or prevent changes in control of our management. Among other things, these provisions: 
 provide that our board of directors is expressly authorized to make, alter or repeal our bylaws; 
 authorize our board of directors to issue shares of preferred stock and determine the price and other terms of those shares, including preferences and voting rights, without stockholder approval; 
 provide that the authorized number of directors may be changed only by resolution of the board of directors; 
 provide that all vacancies on our board of directors and all newly created directorships may only be filled by the affirmative vote of a majority of directors then in office, even if less than a quorum, or by a sole remaining director, except as otherwise required by law, our governing documents or resolution of our board of directors, and subject to the rights of the holders of our preferred stock; 
 establish that our board of directors is divided into three classes, with each class serving staggered three-year terms; 
 provide that a director may only be removed from the board of directors by the stockholders for cause and only by the affirmative vote of the holders of at least a majority of the voting power of the issued and outstanding capital stock entitled to vote in the election of directors; 
 prohibit cumulative voting (therefore allowing the holders of a plurality of the shares of common stock entitled to vote in any election of directors to elect all of the directors standing for election, if they should so choose); 
 require that any action to be taken by our stockholders must be effected at a duly called annual or special meeting of stockholders and not be taken by written consent; 
 require that stockholders give advance notice to nominate directors or submit proposals for consideration at stockholder meetings; 
 provide that special meetings of our stockholders may be called only by the board of directors acting pursuant to a resolution adopted by the majority of the entire board of directors, the Chairperson of the board of directors, our Chief Executive Officer or our President; 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 provide that, unless we otherwise consent in writing, a state or federal court located within the State of Delaware shall be the sole and exclusive forum for (1) any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf, (2) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any of our directors, officers or other employees to us or our stockholders, (3) any action asserting a claim against us arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, and our amended and restated bylaws, or (4) any action asserting a claim against us governed by the internal affairs doctrine; 
 provide that the federal district courts of the United States of America will be the exclusive forum for resolving any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act; and 
 require a super-majority vote of stockholders to amend some of the provisions described above. 
 These provisions, alone or together, could delay, discourage, or prevent a transaction involving a change in control of our company. These provisions could also discourage proxy contests and make it more difficult for stockholders to elect directors of their choosing and to cause us to take other corporate actions they desire, any of which, under certain circumstances, could limit the opportunity for our stockholders to receive a premium for their shares of our common stock and could also affect the price that some investors are willing to pay for our common stock. 
 Our amended and restated bylaws provide, to the fullest extent permitted by law, that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware and the federal district courts of the United States are the exclusive forum for substantially all disputes between us and our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders ability to choose the judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers, stockholders, or employees and, in turn, discourage lawsuits against our directors, officers, or employees. 
 Our amended and restated bylaws provide that, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware (or, if the Court of Chancery does not have jurisdiction, another state court in Delaware or the federal district court for the District of Delaware) will be the sole and exclusive forum for any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf; any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any of our directors, stockholders, officers, or other employees to us or our stockholders; any action arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL, our certificate of incorporation, or our bylaws; and any other action asserting a claim that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine. This exclusive forum provision would not apply to any action brought to enforce a duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal courts of the United States have exclusive jurisdiction. 
 Our amended and restated bylaws also provide that, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the federal district courts of the United States will be the sole and exclusive forum for resolving any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act against any person in connection with any offering of our securities. The enforceability of similar exclusive federal forum provisions in other companies organizational documents has been challenged in legal proceedings, and while the Delaware Supreme Court and certain other state courts have ruled that this type of exclusive federal forum provision is facially valid under Delaware law, there is uncertainty as to whether other courts would enforce such provisions and that investors cannot waive compliance with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. This exclusive federal forum provision would not apply to suits brought to enforce a duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal courts of the United States have exclusive jurisdiction. 
 These exclusive forum provisions may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum of its choosing for disputes with us or our current or former directors, officers, stockholders, or other employees, which may discourage such lawsuits against us and our current and former directors, officers, stockholders, and other employees. Alternatively, if a court were to find either exclusive forum provision in our amended and restated bylaws to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur further significant additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 Item 1B. Unresolved staff comments 
 
 Not applicable. 

Item 2. Properties 
 
 Our corporate headquarters, consisting of approximately 59,000 square feet of office space in San Francisco, California, is leased through 2024, with an option to extend until 2029. We also lease additional office space in locations around the world, including Mountain View, California; Denver, Colorado; Ankara, Turkey; and Dublin, Ireland. We also maintain co-working or other short-term office spaces in Austin, Texas; Melbourne, Australia; Gurugram, India; and Istanbul, Turkey through co-working leases or similar arrangements. We believe that our facilities are suitable to meet our current needs. We also anticipate that suitable additional or alternative space will be available at commercially reasonable terms for future expansion. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 From time to time, we are involved in legal proceedings and subject to claims that arise in the ordinary course of our business. Although the results of legal proceedings and claims cannot be predicted with certainty, we believe we are not currently party to any legal proceedings which, if determined adversely to us, would individually or taken together have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results or financial condition. 
 California class action complaint 
 On August 23, 2021, a putative class action complaint captioned Williams v. Udemy, Inc. , Case No. 3:21-CV-06489, was filed against us in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California alleging violations of California s unfair competition and false advertising statutes as well as the California Consumer Legal Remedies Act in connection with our pricing practices. The complaint sought injunctive relief, unspecified damages, restitution and disgorgement of profits. On December 13, 2022, the parties entered into a definitive settlement agreement for an immaterial amount. 
 Other legal proceedings 
 We are subject to other legal proceedings and claims that arise in the ordinary course of business from time to time, as well as governmental and other regulatory investigations and proceedings. In addition, third parties may from time to time assert claims against us in the form of letters and other communications. We are not currently a party to any legal proceedings that, if determined adversely to us, would, in our opinion, have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows. Future litigation may be necessary to defend ourselves and our business partners and to determine the scope, enforceability, and validity of third-party proprietary rights, or to establish our proprietary rights. The results of any current or future litigation cannot be predicted with certainty, and regardless of the outcome, litigation can have an adverse impact on us because of defense and settlement costs, diversion of management resources, and other factors. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 PART II. 

Item 5. Market for registrant's common equity, related stockholder matters and issuer purchases of equity securities 
 
 Market information for common stock 
 
 Our common stock is traded on the Nasdaq Stock Exchange under the symbol UDMY . Trading of our common stock commenced on October 29, 2021 in connection with our initial public offering. 
 
 Use of proceeds 
 
 Our initial public offering of our common stock was affected pursuant to a registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-260042), which was declared effective by the SEC on October 28, 2021. 
 
 There has been no material change in the planned use of proceeds from our IPO as described in our final prospectus dated as of October 28, 2021 and filed with the SEC pursuant to Rule 424(b)(4) on October 29, 2021. 
 
 Dividend policy 
 
 We have never paid any cash dividends on our common stock. Our board of directors currently intends to retain any future earnings to support operations and to finance the growth and development of our business and does not intend to pay cash dividends on our common stock for the foreseeable future. Any future determination related to our dividend policy will be made at the discretion of our board of directors. 
 
 Stockholders 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, there were 40 registered stockholders of record of our common stock. The actual number of stockholders is greater than this number of record holders and includes stockholders who are beneficial owners but whose shares are held in street name by brokers and other nominees. 
 
 Recent sales of unregistered equity securities 
 
 None. 
 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 None. 
 
 Securities authorized for issuance under equity compensation plans 
 
 Refer to Item 8, Note 14 Stockholders equity for information on securities authorized for issuance. 
 
 Stock performance graph 
 
 The following shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), or incorporated by reference into any of our other filings under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing. 
 
 The graph below compares the cumulative total stockholder return on our common stock with the cumulative total return on the Standard Poor s 500 Index ("S P 500 Index") and the Nasdaq Computer Index Nasdaq Computer Index since our IPO on October 29, 2021 through December 31, 2022, assuming an initial investment of 100. Data for the S P 500 Index and Nasdaq Computer Index assumes reinvestment of dividends. 
 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 The graph below uses the closing market price on October 29, 2021 of 27.50 per share as the initial value of our common stock. The comparisons below are based upon historical data and are not indicative of, nor intended to forecast, future performance of our common stock. 

October 29, 2021 December 31, 2021 March 31, 2022 June 30, 2022 September 30, 2022 December 31, 2022 Udemy 100.00 71.05 45.31 37.13 43.96 38.36 S P 500 Index 100.00 103.76 98.37 82.19 77.86 83.37 Nasdaq Computer 100.00 105.56 95.23 73.55 67.80 67.79 

Item 6. [Reserved] 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 You should read the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations together with our consolidated financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this Form 10-K. In addition to historical consolidated financial information, the following discussion contains forward-looking statements that reflect our plans, estimates, and beliefs. Our actual results could differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements. You should review the sections titled Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements for a discussion of forward-looking statements and in Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors for a discussion of factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the results described in or implied by the forward-looking statements contained in the following discussion and analysis and elsewhere in this Form 10-K. 
 
 A discussion regarding our financial condition and results of operations for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021 is presented below. A discussion regarding our financial condition and results of operations for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020 can be found in Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in our prior year Form 10-K, which was originally filed with the SEC on March 25, 2022. 
 
 Overview 
 Our mission is to improve lives through learning. 
 We believe traditional education and training methods are fast becoming outdated. Technological advancements and novel industries have significantly altered the types of skills required of workers, and lifelong training and continuous skills acquisition are becoming the norm. There is a clear need to expand access to learning across traditional barriers such as geography and social demographics. Our online platform empowers organizations and individuals with flexible and effective skill acquisition and development, connecting global learners with relevant and up-to-date knowledge from experts and practitioners around the world. 
 Udemy s consumer marketplace has attracted 59 million learners in over 180 countries who are looking for the knowledge and skills they need to attain in-demand jobs, further their career, and improve their well-being. We curate the highest-quality content from our marketplace for Udemy s enterprise SaaS platform, Udemy Business, which enables companies around the world to offer effective on-demand learning for employees, immersive laboratory-style learning for tech teams, and cohort-based learning focused on leadership development. Our network of over 70,000 instructors have created over 200,000 courses in nearly 75 languages that cover a wide range of topics, including technology, business, soft skills, and personal development. 
 
 Workforce reduction 
 In February 2023, in response to current macroeconomic conditions and to further streamline our operations and cost structure, we enacted a plan to reduce our global workforce by approximately . As a result, we expect to recognize restructuring charges of million to million in the first quarter of 2023, primarily consisting of personnel expenses such as salaries and wages, one-time severance payments, and other benefits, as well as stock-based compensation expense. Cash payments related to these expenses will occur primarily in the first and second quarters of 2023. 

Key factors impacting our performance 
 We believe that the growth of our business and our future success are dependent upon many factors. While each of these factors presents significant opportunities for us, these factors also pose challenges that we must successfully address in order to sustain the growth of our business and enhance our results of operations. 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 Ability to attract and engage new learners and Udemy Business customers 
 
 To grow our business, we must attract new learners and UB customers efficiently and increase engagement on our platform over time. We acquire a substantial portion of our learners via organic channels and also use paid marketing to further enhance the growth of our learner base. Our organic channels include those outside of our paid market efforts, such as a Udemy brand name internet search. Once we bring new learners onto our platform, we work to create a best-in-class experience to encourage engagement and drive learning and career outcomes. 
 
 Ability to retain and expand our existing learner and customer relationships 
 
 Our business and results of operations will depend on our ability to continue to drive higher usage of our platform within our existing customer base and our ability to add new customers. 
 
 Our efforts to grow our existing relationships with our consumer learners are focused on increasing their engagement and converting free learners into buyers. New learners to our platform typically begin to engage with our free courses, which serve as a funnel to grow our total learner base and drive referrals to our paid other offerings. 
 
 Our efforts to grow our UB offering are focused primarily on corporate and government customers. Historically, we have expanded from individual to department to multi-department to enterprise-wide sales as our value is proven. Building upon this success, we believe a significant opportunity exists for us to acquire new UB customers and expand our existing UB customers use of our platform by identifying new use cases and increasing the size of existing deployments. 
 
 We often enter into customized contractual arrangements with our UB customers in which we offer more favorable pricing terms in exchange for larger total contract values that accompany larger deployments. As we drive a greater portion of our revenue through our deployments with UB customers, we expect that our revenue will continue to grow significantly, but the price we charge UB customers per seat may decline, which could reduce margins in the future. 
 
 Ability to source in-demand content from our instructors 
 
 We believe that learners and UB customers are attracted to Udemy largely because of the high quality and wide selection of content our instructors offer. Continuing to source in-demand content and credentials from our instructors will be an important factor in attracting learners and UB customers and growing our revenue over time. When we offer content as part of the UB and consumer subscription offerings, our instructors agree to contribute such content exclusively through our platform, which we believe demonstrates our ability to increase the value of our platform through unique content. 
 
 Although we view the breadth and diverse expertise of our instructor base and the content they create as one of our competitive advantages, a significant portion of the most popular content on our platform, and as a result a significant portion of our revenue, is attributable to a limited number of our instructors. We experienced minimal turnover among top instructors during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Impact of mix of Consumer and Enterprise segments 
 
 Our mix of business among our Consumer and Enterprise segments is shifting, and this shift will affect our financial performance. Content costs for our Enterprise segment are lower relative to our Consumer segment. The mix of customer acquisition methods in our Consumer segment will substantially impact our financial performance. We presently expect that revenue from our Enterprise segment will grow faster than our Consumer segment, which will be beneficial to our overall margins. 
 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 Ability to expand our international footprint 
 
 We currently generate a significant portion of our revenue outside North America. We see a significant opportunity to expand our offerings into regions with large underserved adult learning populations. We have invested, and plan to continue to invest, in personnel and marketing efforts to support our international growth and expand our international operations as part of our strategy to grow our customer and learner base, particularly among our UB customers. We also plan to continue investing in strategic partnerships that either extend our marketing reach or the capabilities and reach of our global go-to-market sales team. 
 
 Our investment in growth 
 
 We are actively investing in our business as we believe that we are only beginning to penetrate our market opportunity, and we intend to continue to invest in our future growth. We anticipate that our operating expenses will increase as we continue to build our sales and marketing efforts, expand our course catalog, develop our immersive learning capabilities, and invest in our technology development. Any investments we make in our sales and marketing organization, in encouraging the development of new content, and in expanding our platform offerings and capabilities, whether organically or through acquisitions, will occur in advance of the benefits from such investments, making it difficult to determine if we are efficiently allocating our resources in these areas. 
 
 Pace of adoption of cloud-based skill development solutions 
 
 Our ability to grow our learner base and drive market adoption of our platform is affected by the overall demand for cloud-based skill development solutions. The market for cloud-based skill development is less mature than the market for in-person, instructor-led-training, and potential customers may be slow or unwilling to migrate from these legacy approaches. We believe that as technology becomes increasingly critical to business operations, the need for cloud-based skill development solutions, particularly an integrated enterprise-grade platform such as ours, will increase, and our customer base and the breadth and deployment of usage in our customer base will also increase. However, it is difficult to predict customer adoption rates and demand, the future growth rate and size of the market for cloud-based skill development solutions, or the entry of competitive solutions. 
 
 Components of results of operations 
 Revenue 
 We recognize revenue from contracts with paid consumer learners and UB customers by delivering access to our online learning platform. 
 Consumer revenue consists of individual course content purchases made by individual learners, as well as our consumer subscription offerings. Consumer revenue includes the gross transaction value paid by the learner at checkout, net of (a) actual and estimated refunds and (b) passthrough taxes collected from learners and remitted to governmental authorities. After a successful checkout, consumer learners receive a non-exclusive license to the digital course content in addition to stand-ready access to the Udemy platform hosting services needed to access the content. Access to the online content on the Udemy platform represents a series of distinct services as we continually provide access to and fulfill our hosting obligation to the learner. This series of distinct services represents a single performance obligation that is satisfied over time. Revenue from single course purchases is recognized ratably over the estimated service period, which is four months from the date of enrollment, while revenue from consumer subscriptions is recognized ratably over the contractual subscription term. 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 Enterprise revenue primarily relates to enterprise license subscription contracts with annual or multi-year subscription terms. Enterprise license subscriptions include Team Plan, Enterprise Plan, Udemy Business Pro, and Cohort Learning. Enterprise subscriptions are generally billed in advance on a quarterly or annual basis. Subscription revenue excludes any taxes to be remitted to governmental authorities. Access to the Udemy platform represents a series of distinct services as we continually provide access to course content and fulfill our obligation to the UB customer over the subscription term. Because the series of distinct services represents a single performance obligation that is satisfied over time, we recognize revenue ratably over the contractual subscription term. Enterprise revenue recognized from professional services were immaterial for the periods presented. 
 We are the principal with respect to revenue generated from sales to consumer and UB customers as we control the performance obligation and are the primary obligor with respect to delivering our customers access to the course content. 
 Cost of revenue 
 Cost of revenue primarily consists of content costs, which are the payments to our instructors. Content costs are driven by the means by which we acquired the learner consuming the content. For courses offered on Udemy s consumer marketplace, instructors earn a specific percentage of the net sale amount when a learner purchases the instructor s course. For courses offered through Udemy Business or a consumer subscription offering, instructors earn a pro-rata share of a monthly instructor payments pool for that subscription offering. Each month, Udemy calculates the revenue for each subscription offering, with a fixed percentage allocated as an instructor payments pool. Instructors whose content is included in the collection earn a prorated portion of this pool based on the number of minutes of consumption their courses achieved that month. 
 Content costs as a percentage of revenue for our UB and consumer subscription offerings are lower relative to individual course content purchases in our consumer offering. As a result, shifts in the mix between our two offerings is expected to be a significant driver of future changes in gross margin. Content costs are recorded as cost of revenue in the period earned by our instructors. For consumer single course purchases, content costs are incurred at the time of purchase. As consumer course content revenue is recognized ratably over an estimated service period of four months, consumer gross margins are lower in the period of purchase, and higher in the remaining periods of the estimated service period over which revenue is recognized. For our subscription based UB offering, content costs are incurred based on monthly subscription fees, and margins are more stable from period to period. 
 Cost of revenue also includes payment and mobile processing fees, costs associated with hosting digital content, employee related expenses for our customer support organization, including salaries, benefits, stock-based compensation, facilities and other expenses, depreciation of network equipment, amortization of capitalized software, amortization of vendor relationships and developed technologies acquired through business combinations, and the portion of fees paid to certain reseller partners attributable to their providing customer support services to UB customers. We expect cost of revenue to generally decrease as a percentage of revenue as we increase the percentage of revenue derived from our UB offering. 
 Operating expenses 
 Operating expenses consist of research and development, sales and marketing, and general and administrative expenses. Personnel costs are the most significant component of our operating expenses and consist of salaries, benefits, bonuses, stock-based compensation, and commissions. Our operating expenses also include allocated costs of facilities, information technology, depreciation, and amortization. Although our operating expenses may fluctuate from period to period, we currently expect our operating expenses to increase in absolute dollars over time. 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 Sales and marketing 
 Our sales and marketing expenses consist primarily of personnel-related costs, including stock-based compensation, as well as marketing costs, costs related to customer and instructor acquisition, amortization of deferred contract costs, amortization of tradenames and customer relationships acquired through business combinations, and brand marketing. Sales and marketing expenses also consist of costs incurred for hosting and customer support services related to providing our platform to free learners. We expect sales and marketing expenses to increase in absolute dollars as our business grows. In addition, we expect sales and marketing expenses as a percentage of revenue to vary from period to period but generally decrease over the long term. 
 Research and development 
 Our research and development expenses consist primarily of personnel-related costs, including stock-based compensation, costs related to the ongoing management, maintenance, and expansion of features and services offered on our platform. Research and development costs also include contracted services, supplies, and other miscellaneous expenses. We believe that continued investment in our platform is important to our future growth and to maintain and attract learners to our platform. As a result, we expect research and development expenses to increase in absolute dollars. In addition, we expect research and development expenses as a percentage of revenue to vary from period to period but generally decrease over the long term. 
 General and administrative 
 Our general and administrative expenses consist primarily of personnel-related costs, including stock-based compensation, costs related to our executive, legal, finance, and human resources departments, as well as charges for indirect tax reserves, allowance for credit losses, professional fees, and other corporate expenses. 
 As a result of our IPO, we have incurred and expect to continue to incur additional expenses to operate as a public company, including costs to comply with the rules and regulations applicable to companies listed on a national securities exchange, costs related to compliance and reporting obligations, and increased expenses for insurance, investor relations, and professional services. We expect general and administrative expenses to increase in absolute dollars as our business grows. In addition, we expect general and administrative expenses as a percentage of revenue to vary from period to period but generally decrease over the long term. 
 Interest income (expense), net 
 Interest income consists primarily of interest income earned on our cash equivalents and short-term and long-term investments, including amortization of premiums and accretion of discounts related to our available-for-sale marketable securities, net of associated fees. Interest expense consists primarily of interest expense recorded related to certain indirect tax reserves. Interest income and interest expense were each immaterial for the periods presented. 
 Other income (expense), net 
 Other income (expense), net consists primarily of foreign currency transaction gains and losses, as well as changes in the valuation of strategic investments, if any. 
 Income tax provision 
 Our income tax provision consists primarily of income taxes in certain foreign jurisdictions in which we conduct business. We have a full valuation allowance against our U.S. federal and state deferred tax assets as the realization of the full amount of these deferred tax assets is uncertain, including net operating loss carryforwards and tax credits related primarily to research and development. The valuation allowance is driven by our overall loss position, and we will not be able to utilize any of these favorable tax attributes until we are in a taxable income position. When we begin to consistently operate in a taxable income position, we may release portions of the valuation allowance to recognize and use those tax attributes. Until then, we expect to maintain this full valuation allowance until it becomes more likely than not that the deferred tax assets will be realized. 
 52 

Table of Contents 

 Results of operations 
 The following table summarizes our results of operations for the periods presented. The results below are not necessarily indicative of results to be expected for future periods. Results are as follows (in thousands): 
 Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Revenue 629,097 515,657 429,899 Cost of revenue (1)(2) 275,320 236,024 209,253 Gross profit 353,777 279,633 220,646 Operating expenses (1)(2) Sales and marketing 301,347 227,023 192,600 Research and development 104,556 66,107 50,643 General and administrative 99,064 64,410 50,783 Total operating expenses 504,967 357,540 294,026 Loss from operations (151,190) (77,907) (73,380) Other income (expense) Interest income (expense), net 4,297 (16) (1,146) Other income (expense), net (4,696) (920) 55 Total other expense, net (399) (936) (1,091) Net loss before taxes (151,589) (78,843) (74,471) Income tax provision (2,286) (1,183) (3,149) Net loss attributable to common stockholders (153,875) (80,026) (77,620) Net loss per share attributable to common stockholders Basic and diluted (1.09) (1.46) (2.33) Weighted-average shares used in computing net loss per share attributable to common stockholders Basic and diluted 140,873,504 54,972,827 33,384,438 
 (1) Includes stock-based compensation expense as follows (in thousands): 
 Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Cost of revenue 5,360 1,623 418 Sales and marketing 29,054 8,637 7,518 Research and development 20,850 6,816 5,232 General and administrative 26,029 17,604 18,450 Total stock-based compensation expense 81,293 34,680 31,618 
 (2) Includes amortization of intangible assets as follows (in thousands): 
 Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Cost of revenue 2,900 1,022 Sales and marketing 1,366 481 Total amortization of intangible assets 4,266 1,503 
 53 

Table of Contents 

 The following table summarizes our results of operations as a percentage of revenue for each of the periods indicated: 
 Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Revenue 100 100 100 Cost of revenue 44 46 49 Gross profit 56 54 51 Operating expenses Sales and marketing 48 44 45 Research and development 17 13 12 General and administrative 15 12 11 Total operating expenses 80 69 68 Loss from operations (24) (15) (17) Other income (expense) Interest income (expense), net 1 Other income (expense), net (1) Total other expense, net Net loss before taxes (24) (15) (17) Income tax provision (1) Net loss attributable to common stockholders (24) (15) (18) 
 Comparison of the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Revenue 
 Fiscal Year Ended December 31, Change 2022 2021 Revenue (in thousands, except percentages) Consumer 315,059 328,703 (13,644) (4) Enterprise 314,038 186,954 127,084 68 Total revenue 629,097 515,657 113,440 22 
 Revenue for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 was 629.1 million, compared to 515.7 million for the same period in the prior year, which represents an increase of 113.4 million, or 22 . For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, Consumer and Enterprise revenue were 315.1 million and 314.0 million, respectively, representing 50 and 50 of total revenue, respectively, compared to 328.7 million and 187.0 million, respectively, representing 64 and 36 of total revenue, respectively, for the same period in the prior year. The increase in revenue for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 was primarily driven by the significant growth in our UB customer base, which was partially offset by a decrease in Consumer revenue during the same period. 
 
 For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, total Consumer revenue decreased by 13.6 million, or 4 , compared to the same period in the prior year. The decrease in Consumer revenue is primarily due to negative impacts from foreign currency exchange rates. Monthly average buyers were flat for the comparative periods. 
 
 For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, total Enterprise revenue increased by 127.1 million, or 68 , compared to the same period in the prior year. The increase in Enterprise revenue was primarily driven by an increase in the number of UB customers, as well as an increase in the average deal size per new customer and net expansions in our existing UB customer base. Pricing was not a significant driver of the increase in revenue. 
 54 

Table of Contents 

 Cost of revenue, gross profit and gross margin 
 Fiscal Year Ended December 31, Change 2022 2021 (in thousands, except percentages) Cost of revenue 275,320 236,024 39,296 17 Gross profit 353,777 279,633 74,144 27 Gross margin 56 54 
 
 Cost of revenue for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 was 275.3 million, compared to 236.0 million for the same period in the prior year, which represents an increase of 39.3 million, or 17 . Content costs for the Consumer and Enterprise segments were 118.8 million and 73.7 million for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, respectively, compared to 131.9 million and 45.0 million for the same period in the prior year, respectively. Content costs as a percentage of segment revenue for the Consumer and Enterprise segments were 38 and 23 for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, respectively, compared to 40 and 24 for the same period in the prior year, respectively. 
 
 In our Consumer segment, customer support costs increased by 1.7 million, and hosting and platform costs increased by 2.0 million for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the same period in the prior year. In our Enterprise segment, customer support costs increased by 11.5 million in the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the same period in the prior year. On a consolidated basis, there was an increase of 3.3 million in amortization of capitalized software, an increase of 1.9 million of amortization of intangible assets, and an increase of 3.7 million related to stock-based compensation expense for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, when compared to the same period in the prior year. 
 
 Gross margin was 56 for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 54 for the same period in the prior year. The increase in gross margin was primarily due to a shift in mix of revenue toward our Enterprise segment, which has comparatively lower content costs as a percentage of revenue than the Consumer segment. 
 Operating expenses 
 Fiscal Year Ended December 31, Change 2022 2021 Operating expenses (in thousands, except percentages) Sales and marketing 301,347 227,023 74,324 33 Research and development 104,556 66,107 38,449 58 General and administrative 99,064 64,410 34,654 54 Total operating expenses 504,967 357,540 147,427 41 
 Sales and marketing. Sales and marketing expenses for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 were 301.3 million, compared to 227.0 million for the same period in the prior year. The 74.3 million increase in sales and marketing expense was primarily due to higher personnel-related expenses of 32.5 million, driven by headcount growth in our sales force to support additional demand for our platform; increased stock-based compensation expense of 20.4 million; increased amortization expense related to deferred contract acquisition costs of 14.5 million, driven by an expansion of our UB customer base over time; a 5.0 million increase in travel and employee activities due to additional in-person sales events and the easing of COVID-19 travel restrictions; a 7.4 million increase in software subscriptions and allocated costs to support the growth in our sales force; and a 1.7 million increase in professional services to support the growth of our business. These increases were partially offset by a decrease in marketing costs of 8.3 million. 
 55 

Table of Contents 

 Research and development. Research and development expenses for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 were 104.6 million, compared to 66.1 million for the same period in the prior year. The 38.4 million increase was primarily due to higher personnel-related expenses of 17.9 million, mainly driven by additional headcount; increased stock-based compensation expense of 14.0 million; and an additional 6.5 million of software subscriptions and allocated costs to support the growth of our business. 
 General and administrative. General and administrative expenses for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 were 99.1 million, compared to 64.4 million for the same period in the prior year. The 34.7 million increase in general and administrative expense was primarily due to an increase of 12.1 million in personnel-related expenses, mainly driven by additional headcount; an increase in stock-based compensation of 8.4 million; a 4.4 million increase in business related insurance, due to our status as a public company; and an additional 1.7 million of software subscriptions and allocated costs to support the growth of our business. We recorded a 1.2 million reduction in our Instructor Withholding tax reserve during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, based on revisions of certain key assumptions prior to settling the outstanding principal balance with the Internal Revenue Service (the IRS in the fourth quarter of 2022. During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, we recorded a 5.6 million reduction to the reserve based on revisions of certain key assumptions. We also recorded 2.1 million in other indirect tax reserves during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, compared to an immaterial amount for the same period in the prior year. 
 Total other expense, net 
 Fiscal Year Ended December 31, Change 2022 2021 Other income (expense) (in thousands, except percentages) Interest income (expense), net 4,297 (16) 4,313 n/m Other expense, net (4,696) (920) (3,776) n/m Total other expense, net (399) (936) 537 (57) n/m - not meaningful 
 We recorded 0.4 million of total other expense, net for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 0.9 million for the same period in the prior year. The 4.3 million increase in interest income (expense), net was primarily attributable to interest earned on our existing cash and cash equivalents balances and accretion income from marketable securities portfolio, totaling 5.5 million, partially offset by 1.3 million of interest incurred, primarily related to indirect tax reserves. The 3.8 million increase in other expense, net is primarily attributable to an impairment loss of 2.9 million on our strategic investments recorded during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Income tax provision Fiscal Year Ended December 31, Change 2022 2021 (in thousands, except percentages) Income tax provision (2,286) (1,183) (1,103) 93 
 
 For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, we recognized income tax expense of 2.3 million, compared to 1.2 million for the same period in the prior year. Income tax expense for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, was primarily comprised of foreign taxes. 
 
 Certain key business metrics and non-GAAP financial metrics 
 In addition to the measures presented in our consolidated financial statements, we use the key business metrics and non-GAAP financial metrics identified below to help us assess the health of our community, evaluate our business, identify trends affecting our business, formulate business plans, and make strategic decisions. 
 
 56 

Table of Contents 

Monthly average buyers 
 A buyer is a consumer who purchases a course or subscription through our direct-to-consumer offering. The number of monthly average buyers is calculated as the average of monthly buyers during a particular period, such as a fiscal year. Our monthly average buyer count is not intended as a measure of active engagement, as not all buyers are active at any given time or over any given period. We believe that the number of monthly average buyers in a given period is an important indicator of the growth of our business and potential future revenue trends. Our monthly average buyers count is expected to fluctuate in future periods due to a number of factors, including the growth of our customer base, expansion of products and features, and our ability to retain our Consumer customers. 
 
 Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (in thousands) Monthly average buyers 1,336 1,345 1,439 
 Udemy Business customers 
 We count the total number of UB customers at the end of each period. To do so, we generally count unique customers using the concept of a domestic ultimate parent, defined as the highest business in the family tree that is in the same country as the contracted entity. In some cases, we deviate from this methodology, defining the contracted entity as a unique customer despite existence of a domestic ultimate parent. This often occurs where the domestic ultimate parent is a financial owner, government entity, or acquisition target where we have contracted directly with the subsidiary. We define a UB customer as a customer who purchases Udemy via our direct sales force, reseller partnerships or through our self-service platform. We believe that the number of UB customers and our ability to increase this number is an important indicator of the growth of our UB and future revenue trends. The increase in UB customers is primarily attributable to the continued pursuit of our global land and expand strategy, as well as growth of our enterprise sales force. 
 December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Udemy Business customers 13,920 10,515 7,300 
 Udemy Business Annual Recurring Revenue 
 
 We disclose our UB Annual Recurring Revenue ARR as a measure of our Enterprise revenue growth. ARR represents the annualized value of our UB customer contracts on the last day of a given period. Only revenue from closed UB contracts with active seats as of the last day of the period are included. The increase in UB ARR was primarily driven by an increase in the number of UB customers, as well as an increase in the average deal size per new customer and net expansions in our existing UB customer base. Pricing was not a significant driver of the increase in UB ARR. 
 
 December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (in thousands) Udemy Business annual recurring revenue 371,727 239,257 137,621 
 57 

Table of Contents 

 Udemy Business Net Dollar Retention Rate and Udemy Business Large Customer Net Dollar Retention Rate 

We disclose UB Net Dollar Retention Rate, or UB NDRR, as a measure of revenue growth for all UB customers within our Enterprise segment, including UB Large Customers, which we define as companies with at least 1,000 employees. We believe UB NDRR is an important metric that provides insight into the long-term value of our UB subscription agreements and our ability to retain and grow revenue from our UB customers. We believe UB Large Customer NDRR reflects our ability to retain and expand our footprint with larger organizations, who present greater opportunities for us to retain and grow revenue given the wider range of potential use cases and land-and-expand opportunities. 
 
 We calculate UB NDRR as the total ARR at the end of a trailing twelve-month period divided by the total ARR at the beginning of a trailing twelve-month period for the cohort of all UB customers active at the beginning of the trailing twelve-month period. We calculate UB Large Customer NDRR as the total UB Large Customer ARR at the end of a trailing twelve-month period divided by the total Large Customer ARR at the beginning of a trailing twelve-month period for the cohort of UB customers with at least 1,000 employees active at the beginning of the trailing twelve-month period. Total ARR and Large Customer ARR at the end of a trailing twelve-month period are calculated as ARR and Large Customer ARR, respectively, at the beginning of a trailing twelve-month period that are then adjusted for upsells, downsells, and churns for the same cohort of customers during that period. Large Customer ARR represents the annualized value of contracts for UB customers with active seats and having at least 1,000 employees on the last day of a given period. 
 
 Our UB NDRR and UB Large Customer NDRR are expected to fluctuate in future periods due to a number of factors, including the growth of our revenue base, the penetration within our learner base, expansion of products and features, and our ability to retain our UB customers. 
 
 December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Udemy Business net dollar retention rate 115 118 118 Udemy Business Large Customer net dollar retention rate 123 124 121 
 Segment revenue and segment gross profit 
 Our revenue is generated from our Consumer and UB offerings, each of which is an individual segment of our business. Segment revenue represents the revenue recognized from each of these offerings and is a key measure of the performance of our platform, and in turn drives our financial performance. We also monitor segment gross profit as a key metric to help evaluate the financial performance of our individual segments and our business as a whole. Segment gross profit is defined as segment revenue less segment cost of revenue, which include content costs, hosting and platform costs, customer support services, and payment processing fees that are allocable to each segment. Segment gross profit excludes amortization of capitalized software, amortization of intangible assets, depreciation, and stock-based compensation allocated to cost of revenue as our chief operating decision maker does not include the information in his measurement of the performance of the operating segments. Content costs, which are payments made to our instructors, are the largest individual component of segment cost of revenue. We expect to increase the percentage of our revenue derived from our Enterprise segment over time, which we expect will improve our gross margins. 
 58 

Table of Contents 

 Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (in thousands, except percentages) Consumer segment revenue 315,059 328,703 326,454 Consumer segment gross profit 165,805 169,361 160,650 Consumer segment gross margin 53 52 49 Enterprise segment revenue 314,038 186,954 103,445 Enterprise segment gross profit 209,461 122,970 67,926 Enterprise segment gross margin 67 66 66 
 For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, the increase in Consumer segment gross margin was primarily due to a decrease in content costs as a percentage of Consumer revenue and the timing of revenue recognition relative to content costs. Otherwise, the mix of hosting costs, payment processing fees, and customer support services remained a consistent percentage of Consumer revenue when compared to the prior year. 
 
 For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, the increase in Enterprise segment gross margin was primarily due to a decrease in content costs as a percentage of Enterprise revenue. Otherwise, the mix of hosting costs, payment processing fees, and customer support services remained a consistent percentage of Enterprise revenue when compared to the prior year. 
 
 Non-GAAP financial metrics 
 In addition to the measures presented in our consolidated financial statements, we use the following non-GAAP financial metrics identified below to help us evaluate our business, formulate business plans, and make strategic decisions. 

Adjusted EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA margin 
 As adjusted EBITDA facilitates internal comparisons of our historical operating performance on a more consistent basis, we use this measure for business planning purposes. Accordingly, we believe that adjusted EBITDA provides useful information to investors and others in understanding and evaluating our operating results in the same manner as our management team and board of directors. In addition, it provides a useful measure for period-to-period comparisons of our business, as it removes the effect of certain non-cash expenses and certain variable charges. 
 We define adjusted EBITDA as net loss attributable to common stockholders, adjusted to exclude: 
 interest expense (income), net; 
 provision for income taxes; 
 depreciation and amortization; 
 stock-based compensation expense; and 
 other expense (income), net. 
 We define adjusted EBITDA margin as adjusted EBITDA divided by revenue for the same period. 
 59 

Table of Contents 

 The following table provides a reconciliation of net loss, the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure, to adjusted EBITDA (in thousands): 
 Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net loss (153,875) (80,026) (77,620) Adjusted to exclude the following: Interest (income) expense, net (4,297) 16 1,146 Income tax provision 2,286 1,183 3,149 Depreciation and amortization 21,216 15,297 11,055 Stock-based compensation expense 81,293 34,680 31,618 Other (income) expense, net 4,696 920 (55) Adjusted EBITDA (48,681) (27,930) (30,707) 
 The following table provides a reconciliation of net loss margin, the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure, to adjusted EBITDA margin (in thousands, except percentages): 
 Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Revenue 629,097 515,657 429,899 Net loss (153,875) (80,026) (77,620) Net loss margin (24) (16) (18) Revenue 629,097 515,657 429,899 Adjusted EBITDA (48,681) (27,930) (30,707) Adjusted EBITDA margin (8) (5) (7) 
 Net loss increased by 73.8 million in the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the same period in the prior year, and adjusted EBITDA decreased by 20.8 million in the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the same period in the prior year. The increase in net loss was primarily driven by increase in stock-based compensation of 46.6 million, as well as other increased operating expenses as we scale and grow our business. The decrease in adjusted EBITDA was primarily due to increased operating expenses as we scale and grow our business. 
 
 Liquidity and capital resources 
 As of December 31, 2022, our principal sources of liquidity were cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash of 317.3 million and marketable securities of 151.7 million. Cash and cash equivalents includes money market funds, certain U.S. government securities purchased with original maturities of less than 90 days, on demand deposits, and amounts in transit from certain payment processors for credit and debit card transactions. Restricted cash totaled 3.6 million and consists of cash deposited with financial institutions held as collateral for our obligations under various facility leases. Marketable securities are comprised of investments in U.S. government securities with an original maturity greater than 90 days at the date of purchase. Our non-U.S. cash and cash equivalents have been earmarked for indefinite investment in our operations outside the U.S., and consequently no U.S. current or deferred taxes have been accrued on such amounts. We believe that our existing cash and cash equivalents and our expected cash flows from operations will be sufficient to meet our cash needs for at least the next 12 months. 
 
 Over the long term, we plan to continue investing in the growth and development of our platform. If our available funds are insufficient to fund these future activities or execute on our business strategies, we may raise additional capital through equity, equity-linked or debt financing, to the extent such funding sources are available. Alternatively, we may be required to reduce expenses to manage liquidity; however, any such reductions could adversely impact our business and competitive position. 
 60 

Table of Contents 

 Sources of funds 
 
 We have historically financed our operations primarily through revenue, as well as proceeds from issuances of our capital stock. In October 2021, we received net proceeds of 397.4 million, after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions of 23.1 million, from our IPO. In November 2021, the underwriters exercised their option to purchase additional shares of our common stock, resulting in net proceeds of 17.8 million after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions of 1.0 million. 
 
 From time to time, we may explore additional financing sources, which could include equity, equity-linked or debt financing. In addition, in connection with any future acquisitions or strategic investments, we may pursue additional funding, which could include debt, equity or equity-linked financings, or a combination of these methods. We can provide no assurance that any additional financing will be available to us on acceptable terms. 
 Use of funds 
 
 Our principal uses of cash are funding our operations, capital expenditures and working capital requirements. We have generated significant net losses from our operations as reflected in our accumulated deficit of 612.4 million as of December 31, 2022. We have generally incurred operating losses and generated negative cash flows from operations as we have invested in growing our business. Our operating cash requirements may increase in the future as we continue to invest in the development of our platform and the growth of our business. We cannot be certain our revenue will grow sufficiently to offset our operating expense increases. As a result, we may need to raise additional funds to support our operations, and such funding may not be available to us on acceptable terms, if at all. 
 The following table summarizes our cash flows for the periods indicated (in thousands): 
 Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net cash provided by (used in): Operating activities (60,957) (7,104) 9,624 Investing activities (173,227) (52,693) (14,537) Financing activities 14,755 418,634 131,093 Effect of foreign exchange rates on cash flows (25) Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash (219,454) 358,837 126,180 
 Operating activities 
 Cash used in operating activities mainly consists of our net loss adjusted for certain non-cash items, including stock-based compensation, depreciation and amortization, amortization of deferred sales commissions, as well as the effect of changes in operating assets and liabilities during each period. 
 Our main source of operating cash is payments received from our customers. Our primary use of cash from operating activities are for personnel-related expenses, instructor payments, advertising expenses, indirect taxes, and third-party cloud infrastructure expenses. 
 For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, cash used in operating activities was 61.0 million, primarily consisting of our net loss of 153.9 million, adjusted for non-cash charges of 144.6 million and net cash outflows of 51.7 million provided by changes in our operating assets and liabilities. The main drivers of the changes in operating assets and liabilities were a 67.7 million increase in deferred revenue, resulting primarily from our enterprise business growth, offset by a 32.3 million increase in accounts receivable, a 28.6 million decrease in accounts payable, accrued expenses and other current liabilities, which includes a 13.7 million one-time payment to settle our instructor withholding tax reserve, and a 53.4 million increase in deferred contract costs. 
 61 

Table of Contents 

 For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, cash used in operating activities was 7.1 million, primarily consisting of our net loss of 80.0 million, adjusted for non-cash charges of 68.1 million and net cash outflows of 4.8 million provided by changes in our operating assets and liabilities. The main drivers of the changes in operating assets and liabilities were a 66.6 million increase in deferred revenue, resulting primarily from our enterprise business growth, which was offset by a 27.0 million increase in accounts receivable, a 36.5 million increase in deferred contract costs, and a 9.9 million increase in prepaid expenses and other assets. 
 
 For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020 cash provided by operating activities was 9.6 million, primarily consisting of our net loss of 77.6 million, adjusted for non-cash charges of 50.4 million and net cash inflows of 36.9 million provided by changes in our operating assets and liabilities. The main drivers of the changes in operating assets and liabilities were a 54.7 million increase in deferred revenue, resulting primarily from our enterprise business growth and an increase of 17.5 million in accounts payable, accrued expenses and other current liabilities, which were offset by a 19.6 million increase in accounts receivable, and a 18.9 million increase in deferred contract costs. 
 
 Investing activities 
 For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, net cash used in investing activities was 173.2 million, primarily as a result of 158.5 million in purchases of marketable securities, 5.0 million for the purchase of strategic investments, and 14.2 million related to capitalized software costs. These changes were partially offset by 7.5 million of proceeds received from the maturity of marketable securities. 
 For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, net cash used in investing activities was 52.7 million, primarily as a result of our 24.5 million acquisition of CorpU, as well as 10.0 million for the purchase of strategic investments, 5.3 million of capital expenditures for property and equipment, and 12.9 million related to capitalized software costs. 
 
 For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020, cash used in investing activities was 14.5 million, primarily as a result of 5.2 million of capital expenditures for property and equipment and 9.4 million related to capitalized software costs. 
 
 Financing activities 
 For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, net cash provided by financing activities was 14.8 million, primarily driven by proceeds from issuance of common stock via stock option exercises of 7.1 million and issuances of common stock under our employee stock purchase plan of 9.2 million, which was partially offset by a 1.6 million payment of deferred offering costs associated with our IPO. 
 For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, net cash provided by financing activities was 418.6 million, primarily as a result of proceeds of 415.2 million from our initial public offering, as well as proceeds of 10.9 million from the issuance of common stock following employee stock option exercises, offset by payments of 2.3 million for redeemable convertible preferred stock issuance costs and 5.2 million for deferred offering costs. 
 
 For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020, net cash provided by financing activities was 131.1 million, primarily as a result of proceeds of 120.7 million from our issuance of redeemable convertible preferred stock and 10.4 million from the issuance of common stock following employee stock option exercises. 
 
 Off-balance sheet arrangements 
 
 During the periods presented, we did not have any relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, such as entities often referred to as structured finance or special purpose entities, which would have been established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements or other contractually narrow or limited purposes. 
 
 62 

Table of Contents 

 Contractual obligations and commitments 
 
 Our estimated future obligations as of December 31, 2022 include both current and long term obligations. Under our operating leases, as noted in the consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8, "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data", we have a current obligation of 7.0 million and a long-term obligation of 6.5 million. 
 
 Our purchase obligations as of December 31, 2022 were 61.2 million, which primarily consisted of our commitments related to third-party cloud infrastructure agreements and subscription arrangements to support ongoing operations. As noted in Note 10, Commitments and Contingencies, to the consolidated financials included in Part II, Item 8, "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data", we have a current obligation of 24.3 million and a long-term obligation of 36.9 million. 

Critical accounting policies and estimates 
 Our consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with GAAP. The preparation of these consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue, expenses, and related disclosures. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances. We evaluate our estimates and assumptions on an ongoing basis. Actual results may differ from these estimates. To the extent that there are material differences between these estimates and our actual results, our future financial statements will be affected. 
 The critical accounting policies requiring estimates, assumptions, and judgments that we believe have the most significant impact on our consolidated financial statements are described below. See Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements for a description of our other significant accounting policies. 
 
 Revenue recognition 
 
 We recognize revenue using the five steps outlined in Accounting Standards Codification ASC 606. We derive revenue from contracts with consumer and UB customers for access to our online learning platform and related services. We offer a single, combined performance obligation, which is the customer s access to the online content on the Udemy platform, representing a series of distinct services as we continually fulfill our stand-ready obligation to provide the customer access to the online licensed content with the functionality of the Udemy platform. As such, we recognize revenue on a straight-line basis using an estimated service period for consumer single course purchases and the contractual subscription term for UB and consumer subscription customers. 
 
 We believe the following are the significant estimates and judgments impacting our revenue recognition, and any changes to these estimates and judgments could impact the timing and amount of revenue recognized. 
 
 Estimated service period for consumer single course purchases Consumers who purchase an individual course receive a non-exclusive lifetime license to the digital course content in addition to stand-ready access to the Udemy platform hosting services needed to access the content. Because consumers who purchase an individual course receive lifetime access to their purchased content, we believe an estimated service period best represents the time period during which learners access the online course content on the platform. Determining the estimated service period requires us to make certain judgments about the expected period over which a consumer benefits from their purchase. We consider quantitative and qualitative data in determining our estimate, including, but not limited to, the average time period between a learner s purchase date and the last date the learner accesses the purchased content, the average total hours consumed for a given purchase, the time period over which learner activity stabilizes, known online trends, and, to the extent publicly available, service periods for competitors with similar online content. The estimated service period for single course purchases is four months from the date of enrollment. 
 
 Principal versus agent In order to determine whether revenue should be reported as gross or net of either payments to third-party instructors or amounts retained by reseller partners who sell access to Enterprise subscription offerings, we evaluated whether we are the principal for sales of our consumer and UB offerings. 
 63 

Table of Contents 

 Determining whether we are the principal involves making key judgments about whether Udemy controls the contracted services before being transferred to the end customer. We have determined that we are the principal to customers who purchase access to online individual course content or through our subscription offerings, as we control the promised goods or services (i.e., access to course content via the Udemy platform) before it is transferred to the customer and are primarily responsible for fulfillment with respect to delivering access to course content. We also have substantial discretion to determine the pricing of our offerings. We therefore report revenue related to these arrangements based on the gross purchase price paid by customers. 
 
 Stock-based compensation 
 
 We account for stock-based compensation from stock-based awards using the estimated fair value of the awards on the date of grant. Stock-based awards that may be granted to employees, directors, and non-employees include restricted stock units RSUs ), stock options, stock appreciation rights SARs ), restricted stock, and stock purchase rights granted to employees under the Employee Stock Purchase Plan ESPP Rights ). 
 
 We estimate the fair value of RSUs based on our common stock price on the date of grant or modification. We estimate the fair value of stock options, SARs, and ESPP Rights using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model, which requires the use of the following subjective and complex assumptions: 
 
 Expected Term For stock options and SARs, we use the midpoint of the vesting term and contractual expiration period to compute the expected term, as we do not have sufficient historical information to develop reasonable expectations about future exercise patterns and post-vesting employment termination behavior. For ESPP Rights, the expected term is equal to the purchase periods in a given offering period. 
 
 Risk-Free Interest Rate The risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant for zero-coupon U.S. Treasury notes with maturities approximately equal to the award s expected term. 
 
 Expected Volatility We estimate future expected volatility by considering both the average volatility of a peer group of representative public companies with sufficient trading history and, to the extent available, our historical volatility over the expected term. 
 
 Dividend Yield The expected dividend was assumed to be zero as we have never paid dividends and have no current plans to do so. 
 
 During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, we launched an equity exchange program (the Equity Exchange in which eligible employees and executives were able to exchange certain outstanding stock options and SARs for RSUs on a one-for-one basis. We considered the Equity Exchange a modification event because it simultaneously canceled the existing equity-classified Eligible Awards and concurrently granted new RSUs as replacement awards. The incremental modification value was calculated as the excess of the fair value of each new RSU awarded, as measured immediately after closing of the exchange, over the fair value of the corresponding exchanged options and SARs, as measured immediately prior to closing of the exchange using the Black Scholes model described above. The incremental modification value and remaining unrecognized expense from the exchanged stock options and SARs at the time of the exchange will be recognized as stock-based compensation expense over the requisite service period for the new RSUs. 
 
 We will continue to use judgment in evaluating the assumptions related to our stock-based compensation on a prospective basis. Future grants or modifications of stock-based awards that require the use of complex valuation models may cause us to alter or refine the estimates and assumptions described above, which could impact future stock-based compensation expense. 
 
 Income taxes 
 
 We are subject to income taxes in the United States and numerous foreign jurisdictions. Significant judgment is required in determining our income tax expense and deferred tax assets and liabilities, including evaluating uncertainties in the application of accounting principles and complex tax laws. 
 64 

Table of Contents 

We utilize the asset and liability method under which deferred tax assets and liabilities arise from the temporary differences between the tax basis of an asset or liability and our reported amount in the consolidated financial statements, as well as from net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. Deferred tax amounts are determined by using the tax rates expected to be in effect when the taxes will actually be paid or refunds received, as provided for under currently enacted tax law. A valuation allowance is established if, based upon the available evidence, it is more likely than not that some or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. We consider all available evidence, both positive and negative, including historical levels of income, expectations, and risks associated with estimates of future taxable income in assessing the need for a valuation allowance. 
 
 Business combinations 
 
 Accounting for business combinations requires us to make significant estimates and assumptions, especially at the acquisition date with respect to tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed. We use our best estimates and assumptions to assign fair value to the tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the acquisition date. Significant estimates we ve made in valuing certain acquired intangible assets include, but are not limited to, future expected cash flows from acquired customer bases, acquired technology and acquired trade names, useful lives, royalty rates, and discount rates. The estimates are inherently uncertain and subject to revision as additional information is obtained during the measurement period for an acquisition, which may last up to one year from the acquisition date. Unanticipated events and circumstances in future periods may affect the accuracy or validity of such assumptions, estimates or actual results. 
 
 Goodwill and intangible assets 
 
 We evaluate and test the recoverability of goodwill for impairment annually, during the fourth quarter, or more often if and when circumstances indicate that goodwill may not be recoverable. We also evaluate the estimated remaining useful life of intangible assets and whether events or changes in circumstances warrant a revision to the remaining period of amortization. In order to identify potential impairment, we consider a variety of judgmental qualitative factors, which may include financial performance; legal, regulatory, contractual, political, or business factors; entity specific events; industry and market considerations; and macroeconomic conditions. To the extent we determine that it is more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit is less than its carrying value, a quantitative test would be performed. 

Recent accounting pronouncements 
 See Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for information regarding recently issued accounting pronouncements. 
 65 

Table of Contents 

 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 Interest rate sensitivity 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 we had 313.7 million of cash and cash equivalents, which includes money market funds, certain U.S. government securities purchased with original maturities of less than 90 days, on demand deposits, and amounts in transit from certain payment processors for credit and debit card transactions. We also held 151.7 million of marketable securities, consisting of investments in various U.S. government securities. In addition, we had 3.6 million of restricted cash, primarily due to the outstanding letter of credit related to the operating lease agreement for our corporate headquarters. We did not hold any long-term debt as of or during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 As of December 31, 2021 we had 533.9 million of cash and cash equivalents, which includes on demand deposits and amounts in transit from certain payment processors for credit and debit card transactions. In addition, we had 2.9 million of restricted cash, primarily due to the outstanding letter of credit related to the operating lease agreement for our corporate headquarters. We did not hold any marketable securities or long-term debt as of or during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 Our cash and cash equivalents are held for working capital purposes. Given the above facts and circumstances, hypothetical changes in interest rates of 100 basis points would not result in a material increase or decrease of the market value of our marketable securities portfolio as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Foreign currency risk 
 
 The reporting currency is the U.S. dollar. We determine the functional currency for each of our foreign subsidiaries by reviewing their operations and currencies used in their primary economic environments. Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates may cause us to recognize transaction gains and losses in our consolidated statement of operations, or translation gains and losses in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) as a component of stockholders equity. Our marketable securities portfolio is also held in U.S. dollar investments, and to date, we have not entered into any hedging arrangements with respect to foreign currency risk or other derivative financial instruments, although we may choose to do so in the future. As such, a hypothetical 10 increase or decrease in current exchange rates would not have had a material impact on income or expense for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

66 

Table of Contents 

Item 8. Consolidated financial statements 
 
 The following financial statements are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K: 
 
 Page Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID No . 
 68 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 70 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 71 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss 
 72 
 Consolidated Statements of Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock and Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 
 73 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 74 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 76 
 
 67 

Table of Contents 

 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 To the stockholders and the Board of Directors of Udemy, Inc. 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Udemy, Inc. and subsidiaries (the "Company") as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive loss, redeemable convertible preferred stock and stockholders equity (deficit), and cash flows, for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight 
 Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 
 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated February 27, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Change in Accounting Principle 
 
 As discussed in Note 2 to the financial statements, effective January 1, 2022, the Company adopted Accounting Standards Update 2016-02, Leases, and related amendments (Topic 842). 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 Revenue - Estimated service period for consumer single course purchases Refer to Notes 2 and 3 to the financial statements. 
 
 68 

Table of Contents 

 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 
 Consumer customers purchasing a single course receive a lifetime license to the digital course content in addition to stand-ready access to the Udemy platform needed to access the course content. The Company recognizes revenue from consumer single course purchases over an estimated service period estimated service period ). The determination of the estimated service period involves management s judgement in evaluating the average time period between a learner s purchase date and the last date the learner accesses the purchased content (the consumption data ), among other factors. 
 We identified the estimated service period as a critical audit matter because the judgements made by management in determining the estimated service period rely on consumption data captured by automated and internally-developed systems. This required a high degree of auditor judgement and increased extent of effort, including the need for us to involve professionals with expertise in information technology (IT), when performing audit procedures to test and evaluate the Company s systems, software applications, and automated controls that relate to the consumption data. 
 
 How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 
 Our audit procedures related to the estimated service period for consumer single course purchases included the following, among others: 
 With the assistance of our IT specialists, we: 
 Identified the relevant systems used to record consumer revenue transactions and capture consumption data and tested the operating effectiveness of the general IT controls over each of these systems, including testing of user access controls, change management controls, and IT operations controls. 
 Performed testing of automated controls related to the capturing of consumption data. 
 We tested the operating effectiveness of internal controls related to management s review of factors used in determining the estimated service period for consumer single course purchases, including review of the consumption data. 
 We evaluated the reasonableness of the methodology used by management to determine the estimated service period and tested the mathematical accuracy of the calculations involved. 
 We evaluated the reasonableness of management's estimated service period by comparing the estimate to the consumption data and other internal and external information. 
 We tested the completeness and accuracy of the consumption data used to determine the estimated service period by independently purchasing and consuming courses and tracing the transaction and consumption data through the Company's IT systems and to its inclusion in the underlying course consumption data. 

/s/ 

February 27, 2023 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2019. 
 69 

Table of Contents 

Udemy, Inc. 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 in thousands, except share and per share amounts 
 
 December 31, December 31, 2022 2021 Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Marketable securities Accounts receivable, net Prepaid expenses and other current assets Deferred contract costs, current Total current assets Property and equipment, net Capitalized software, net Operating lease right-of-use assets Restricted cash, non-current Deferred contract costs, non-current Strategic investments Intangible assets, net Goodwill Other assets Total assets Liabilities and stockholders' equity Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Content costs payable Accrued compensation and benefits Operating lease liabilities, current Deferred revenue, current Total current liabilities Operating lease liabilities, non-current Deferred revenue, non-current Other liabilities, non-current Total liabilities Note 10 Commitments and contingencies Stockholders' equity: Preferred stock, par value - shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021. 
 Common stock, par value - shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Accumulated deficit ) ) Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders' equity See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 70 

Table of Contents 

 Udemy, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 in thousands, except share and per share amounts 
 
 Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Revenue Cost of revenue Gross profit Operating expenses Sales and marketing Research and development General and administrative Total operating expenses Loss from operations ) ) ) Other income (expense) Interest income (expense), net ) ) Other income (expense), net ) ) Total other expense, net ) ) ) Net loss before taxes ) ) ) Income tax provision ) ) ) Net loss attributable to common stockholders Net loss per share attributable to common stockholders Basic and diluted Weighted-average shares used in computing net loss per share attributable to common stockholders Basic and diluted 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 71 

Table of Contents 

 Udemy, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss 
 in thousands 

Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net loss Foreign currency translation loss, net of tax ) ) Change in unrealized gain (loss) on marketable securities, net of tax ) Comprehensive loss ) ) ) 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 72 

Table of Contents 

 Udemy, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock and 
 Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 
 in thousands, except share amounts 

Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Accumulated Deficit Total Stockholders Equity (Deficit) Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance December 31, 2019 
 ) ) Issuance of Series E Convertible Preferred Stock, net of issuance costs 
 Issuance of Series F Convertible Preferred Stock, net of issuance costs 
 Stock-based compensation Exercise of stock options Vesting of early exercised stock options Net loss ) ) Balance December 31, 2020 
 ) ) Exercise of Series A-1 redeemable convertible preferred stock warrants Conversion of redeemable convertible preferred stock to common stock upon initial public offering ) ) Issuance of common stock in connection with initial public offering, net of issuance costs and underwriting discount Stock-based compensation Exercise of stock options Restricted stock issued for business combination Cumulative translation adjustment ) ) Net loss ) ) Balance December 31, 2021 
 ) ) Stock-based compensation Exercise of stock options Vesting of restricted stock units Reclassification of stock appreciation rights Issuance of common stock under employee stock purchase plan Other comprehensive loss ) ) Net loss ) ) Balance December 31, 2022 
 ) ) 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 73 

Table of Contents 

 Udemy, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 in thousands 
 
 Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Cash flows from operating activities: Net loss ) ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Amortization of deferred sales commissions Stock-based compensation Allowance for credit losses Accretion of marketable securities ) Non-cash operating lease expense Unrealized loss on strategic investments Other Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable ) ) ) Prepaid expenses and other assets ) ) ) Deferred contract costs ) ) ) Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities ) Content costs payable Operating lease liabilities ) Deferred revenue Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities ) ) Cash flows from investing activities: Purchases of marketable securities ) Proceeds from maturities of marketable securities Purchases of property and equipment ) ) ) Capitalized software costs ) ) ) Purchases of strategic investments ) ) Payments related to business combination, net of cash acquired ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Net proceeds from exercise of stock options Net proceeds from issuance of redeemable convertible preferred stock Proceeds from share purchases under employee stock purchase plan Payment of redeemable convertible preferred stock issuance costs ) Payment of deferred offering costs ) ) Cash proceeds from initial public offering Net cash provided by financing activities Effect of foreign exchange rates on cash flows ) Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash Beginning of period 
 Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash End of period 
 
 74 

Table of Contents 

 Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Reconciliation of cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash: Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information: Interest paid Income taxes paid Supplemental disclosure of non-cash investing and financing activities: Accrued redeemable convertible preferred stock issuance costs Unpaid deferred offering costs Stock-based compensation in capitalized costs Acquisition holdback liability Changes in purchases of property and equipment in accounts payable and accrued expenses ) Vesting of early-exercised stock options, net Unrealized losses on marketable securities 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 75 

Table of Contents 

 Udemy, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

operating and reportable segments: Consumer and Enterprise. The Company continually monitors and reviews its segment reporting structure in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 280, Segment Reporting, to determine whether any changes have occurred that would impact its reportable segments. For further information on the Com pany s segment reporting, see Note 16 Segment and geographic information. 
 76 

Table of Contents 

No customer accounted for more than 10 of total accounts receivable as of December 31, 2022, or December 31, 2021. No customer accounted for more than 10 of total revenue during the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. 
 Summary of significant ac counting policies 
 
 or in duration and paid in advance, with new customers able to sign up for a 7-day free trial period. Once the free trial period lapses and advance payment is made, there is no right to a refund (unless otherwise required by applicable law). Subscribers have continuous access to enroll in and consume an unlimited number of curated courses included in the subscription catalog on the platform during the subscription term. Subscribers retain access to the courses in which they enroll for the duration of their subscriptions (including any renewal period), even if the instructor subsequently elects to remove the course from the Company s subscription programs. The continual access to the platform represents a series of distinct services, as the Company continually provides access to, and fulfills its obligation to, the customer over the contract term. Consumer subscriptions automatically renew at the end of the subscription term. Customers may cancel renewal of their subscription at any point but will retain their access to the platform until the end of the current subscription term. 
 
 Enterprise revenue The Company primarily generates revenue by selling subscription licenses to a variety of enterprise and government customers. 
 
 77 

Table of Contents 

78 

Table of Contents 

 days after the initial purchase transaction. The Company estimates and establishes a refund reserve based on historical refund rates, which has historically been immaterial. None of the Company s contracts contain a significant financing component. Revenue excludes taxes collected from customers, which are subsequently remitted to governmental entities (e.g., sales and other indirect taxes). 
 
 4) Allocate the transaction price to performance obligations in the contract 
 
 Contracts that contain multiple performance obligations require an allocation of the transaction price to each performance obligation based on each performance obligation s relative standalone selling price. 
 
 As access to content is not considered distinct from the Udemy platform hosting services, the transaction price is allocated to a single performance obligation. 
 
 5) Recognize revenue when or as performance obligations are satisfied 
 
 Revenue is recognized at the time the related performance obligation is satisfied by transferring the control of the promised service to a customer. Revenue is recognized in an amount that reflects the consideration that Udemy expects to receive in exchange for those services. Udemy has a stand ready obligation to deliver its services continually throughout the requisite contract period, which is either lifetime access for consumer single course purchases or the contractual subscription term for UB and consumer subscription customers. As such, the Company recognizes revenue on a straight-line basis as it satisfies the performance obligation, using an estimated service period for individual consumer single course purchases and the contractual subscription term for UB and consumer subscription customers. 
 
 Other than the circumstances noted below, no significant judgment has historically been required in determining the amount and timing of revenue from the Company s contracts with customers. 
 
 Principal vs. agent In order to determine if revenue should be reported gross or net of either payments to third-party instructors or amounts retained by reseller partners who sell access to Enterprise subscription offerings, the Company evaluated whether Udemy acts as the principal in sales of its online course offerings. An entity is the principal if it controls a good or service before it is transferred to the end customer. Key indicators that management evaluated in determining gross versus net treatment included but are not limited to: 
 the nature of the Company s promise to the customer, as well as the distinct performance obligation identified; 
 the underlying contract terms and conditions between the parties to the transaction; 
 which party is primarily responsible for fulfilling the promise to provide the specified good or service to the end customer; 
 which party has inventory risk before the specified good or service has been transferred to the end customer; and 
 which party has discretion in establishing the price for the specified good or service. 
 
 79 

Table of Contents 

Advertising expense is recorded in sales and marketing expenses in the consolidated statements of operations and was million, million and million for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 

80 

Table of Contents 

 as the Company has never paid dividends and has no current plans to do so. 
 
 Stock appreciation rights granted to employees are settled in cash upon exercise. The Company accounts for SARs in the other liabilities, non-current caption in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. Vested and outstanding SARs are subject to remeasurement at each balance sheet date using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model and the assumptions described above, and any change in fair value is recognized as a component of expense. The Company adjusts the fair value of the liability for vested and outstanding SARs until the earlier of the exercise or expiration of the SARs. 
 
 For awards with only service-based vesting conditions, the Company recognizes the resulting stock-based compensation on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period of the awards. Stock-based compensation for awards that are subject to performance conditions are attributed separately for each vesting tranche of the award. The Company accounts for forfeitures in the period they occur. 

There was no accrued interest or penalties associated with any uncertain tax positions, nor was any interest expense recognized during the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. The Company does not currently anticipate that any significant increase or decrease to uncertain tax positions will be recorded during the next twelve months. 
 
 81 

Table of Contents 

The Company s other comprehensive loss for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 consisted of changes in unrealized holding losses on available-for-sale securities and foreign currency translation gains and losses. The Company s other comprehensive income for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021 consisted of foreign currency translation gains and losses. The Company recorded no other comprehensive income or loss for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020. 
 
 82 

Table of Contents 

83 

Table of Contents 

) Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 ) Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2020 ) 
 
 , as commissions paid for initial and renewal contracts are generally not considered commensurate. The Company determined the period of benefit by taking into consideration the length of terms in its Enterprise customer contracts, changes and enhancements in course offerings, and other factors. 
 
 In addition, a portion of the revenue share retained by enterprise reseller partners from sales to UB customers is considered an incremental and recoverable cost of obtaining a contract with a customer. This cost is deferred and amortized on a straight-line basis over the service term of the corresponding contractual subscription term, as commissions paid to resellers on initial and renewal contracts are generally commensurate. 
 
 Amounts expected to be recognized within one year of the consolidated balance sheet dates are recorded as deferred contract costs, current, while the remaining portion is recorded as deferred contract costs, non-current in the consolidated balance sheets. Deferred contract costs are periodically analyzed for impairment. Amortization expense is included in sales and marketing expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 for computers, purchased software, and equipment, and for furniture and fixtures. Leasehold improvements are amortized using the straight-line method over the shorter of the estimated useful lives of the assets or the term of the related lease. Expenditures for repairs and maintenance are charged to expense as incurred. Upon disposition or retirement, the cost and related accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts and the resulting gain or loss, if any, is reflected as operating expenses in the consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 . The Company evaluates the useful lives of these assets and tests for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances occur that could impact the recoverability of these assets. 
 
 84 

Table of Contents 

85 

Table of Contents 

 million, which is recorded in other expense, net in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. impairment losses were recorded in the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021. The Company did not hold any strategic investments in the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020. 

The Company did not identify any impairment losses on long-lived assets for fiscal years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 

86 

Table of Contents 

 million in operating ROU assets and million in operating lease liabilities in its consolidated balance sheets. The difference between the amounts of operating ROU assets and operating lease liabilities consisted of deferred rent and prepaid rent that were derecognized upon transition. There was no adoption date impact to accumulated deficit, and adoption of the new standard did not have a material impact on the Company s consolidated statements of operations or cash flows. 
 
 In October 2021, the FASB issued ASU 2021-08, Business Combinations (Topic 805), Accounting for Contract Assets and Contract Liabilities from Contracts with Customers, which aims to improve the accounting for acquired revenue contracts with customers in a business combination by addressing diversity in practice and inconsistency related to (1) recognition of an acquired contract liability and (2) payment terms and their effect on subsequent revenue recognized by the acquirer. The Company elected to early adopt this standard on a prospective basis on January 1, 2022. There has been no impact of adoption to date, as the Company has not entered into any business combinations since adoption. 
 
 In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-13, Financial Instruments-Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments, for which adoption effective dates were subsequently amended by ASU 2019-10. This ASU replaces the existing incurred loss impairment model with a future expected credit loss model and requires a financial asset measured at amortized cost, such as accounts receivable and available-for-sale debt securities, to be presented at the net amount expected to be collected. The Company adopted this ASU on a modified retrospective basis with an effective date of January 1, 2022. The adoption did not result in a material impact or cumulative effect adjustment to the consolidated financial statements given historical and anticipated collection trends, credit risk profiles of enterprise customers, and other external factors. 
 In December 31, 2019, the FASB issued ASU 2019-12, Income Taxes (Topic 740), Simplifying the Accounting for Income Taxes, which simplifies the accounting for income taxes by removing certain exceptions to the general principles of income taxes and reducing the cost and complexity in accounting for income taxes. The Company adopted this ASU effective January 1, 2022, and the adoption did not have a material impact on the consolidated financial statements. 

million. R evenue recognized for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021 from amounts included in deferred revenue as of December 31, 2020 was million. R evenue recognized for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020 from amounts included in deferred revenue as of December 31, 2019 were million. 
 87 

Table of Contents 

Consumer Total deferred revenue 
 
 Remaining performance obligations Remaining performance obligations represent the aggregate amount of the transaction price in contracts for performance obligations not delivered, or partially undelivered, as of the end of the reporting period. Remaining performance obligations primarily relate to unearned revenue from Consumer single course purchase arrangements and unearned and unbilled revenue from multi-year Enterprise subscription contracts with future installment payments at the end of any given period. As of December 31, 2022, the aggregate transaction price for remaining performance obliga tions was million, of which is expected to be recognized over the next and the remainder thereafter. 
 
 Deferred contract costs 
 
 ) Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2021 ) Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2020 ) 

U.S. government securities Total cash equivalents Marketable securities: U.S. government securities Non-current assets: Strategic investments Non-current liabilities: Cash settled stock appreciation rights 
 
 88 

Table of Contents 

 Non-current liabilities: Cash settled stock appreciation rights 
 
 Change in fair value of redeemable convertible preferred stock warrants Vesting and remeasurement of SARs, net Balance December 31, 2020 
 Exercise of redeemable convertible preferred stock warrants ) Vesting and remeasurement of SARs, net Purchases of strategic investments Balance December 31, 2021 
 Vesting and remeasurement of SARs, net ) Purchases of strategic investments Amount reclassified from liability to equity upon exchange ) Unrealized loss on strategic investments ) Balance December 31, 2022 

During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, the remaining outstanding warrants to purchase Series A-1 redeemable convertible preferred stock were exercised for an immaterial amount of cash proceeds at an exercise price of per share. The Company reclassified the million fair value of the warrants into Series A-1 redeemable convertible preferred stock on the consolidated balance sheet. The change in fair value of the warrants during fiscal year ended December 31, 2021 was immaterial. 
 
 89 

Table of Contents 

Money market funds U.S. government securities ) Total cash and cash equivalents ) Marketable securities: U.S. government securities ) Total cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities ) 
 
 Cash equivalents and marketable securities in an unrealized loss position consisted of the following (in thousands): 
 December 31, 2022 Fair Value Gross Unrealized Losses Cash equivalents: U.S. government securities ) Marketable securities: U.S. government securities ) Total securities in an unrealized loss position 
 ) 
 
 Realized gains and losses reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss to other income (expense), net were for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 securities had been in a continuous unrealized loss position for twelve months or longer as of December 31, 2022. The Company does not intend to sell available-for-sale marketable debt securities in unrealized loss positions, and it is more likely than not that the Company will hold these securities until maturity or recovery of the cost basis. As of December 31, 2022, the Company did not have an allowance for credit losses related to its available-for-sale debt securities due to a zero loss expectation for the portfolio which consists solely of U.S. government securities. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the entirety of the Company s marketable securities portfolio had remaining contractual maturities of one year or less. 
 90 

Table of Contents 

 Capitalized cloud computing costs, current Short term deposits Other current assets Prepaid expenses and other current assets 
 
 Property and equipment, net Furniture and fixtures Purchased software Leasehold improvements Construction in progress Total property and equipment Less accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Property and equipment, net 
 Depreciation expense w as million, million, and million for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 Capitalized software, net Less accumulated amortization ) ) Capitalized software, net 
 Amortization expense of capitalized software was million, million, and million for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 
 2024 2025 Total expected amortization 

91 

Table of Contents 

million and variable lease costs of million. During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized an immaterial amount for short term lease expense and sublease income. 
 
 December 31, 2022 Weighted average remaining term (years) Weighted average discount rate 
 
 2024 2025 2026 Gross lease payments Less imputed interest ) Present value of operating lease liabilities 
 
 2023 2024 2025 2026 Total lease commitments 
 
 million and million for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

92 

Table of Contents 

 million, of which million was paid at closing. The remaining balance of million was paid during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 . 
 
 The Company issued shares of restricted common stock to a former executive of CorpU, which is not included in the calculation of the acquisition purchase price and is accounted for as post-acquisition stock-based compensation over a term. 
 
 The total purchase consideration of the CorpU acquisition was allocated to the tangible and intangible assets acquired, and liabilities assumed, based upon their respective fair values as of the date of the acquisition. Management determined the preliminary fair values based on a number of factors, including a valuation from an independent third-party valuation firm. The excess of the purchase price over the net assets acquired was recorded as goodwill. Goodwill is attributable t o the assembled workforce and anticipated synergies arising from the acquisition, and has been allocated to the Enterprise reporting segment for the purposes of annual impairment testing. The goodwill recorded in the acquisition is not expected to be deductible for income tax purposes. 
 
 Accounts receivable, net Prepaid expenses and other current assets Property and equipment, net Intangible assets Goodwill Accounts payable and other liabilities ) Deferred revenue ) Total acquisition consideration 
 
 million were included in general and administrative expenses in the consolidated financial statements during the year of acquisition. 

years ) Vendor relationships years ) Developed technology years ) Tradename years ) Total ) 
 
 93 

Table of Contents 

 years ) Vendor relationships years ) Developed technology years ) Tradename years ) Total ) 
 
 Amortization expense of intangible assets for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was million and million, respectively. The Company did not have any intangible assets as of December 31, 2020. 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Total expected amortization 
 
 million was established as part of the CorpU acquisition on August 24, 2021. This amount represents the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of net assets acquired. There have been no adjustments to the carrying amount of goodwill as of December 31, 2022. 

Indirect tax reserves Indirect tax payables Deferred rent, current Other current liabilities Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 
 Indirect tax payables relate to amounts collected from customers on behalf of third-party taxing authorities, primarily on sales in the U.S. and in international jurisdictions. Indirect tax payables also include withholding taxes on payments made to the Company s instructors before remitting these amounts to the taxing authorities. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, indirect tax reserves consist of the residual interest payable on the Company s instructor withholding tax reserves and other indirect tax reserves. 
 
 94 

Table of Contents 

 Amounts charged to (released from) expense ) ) Net payments and settlements ) ) Balance, end of period 
 
 95 

Table of Contents 

2024 2025 Total purchase commitments (1) 
 (1) Includes million of non-cancelable contractual commitments as of December 31, 2022 related to the Company's third-party cloud infrastructure agreement, under which the Company committed to spend an aggregate of at least million between January 2023 and December 2025, with a million minimum purchase commitment each year. The Company is required to pay the residual difference if it fails to meet the aggregate minimum purchase commitment by December 2025. 
 
 Indemnification The Company enters into indemnification provisions under agreements with other parties in the ordinary course of business, including certain business partners, investors, contractors, and the Company s officers, directors, and certain employees. The Company has agreed to indemnify and defend the indemnified party s claims and related losses suffered or incurred by the indemnified party resulting from actual or threatened third-party claims because of the Company s activities or, in some cases, non-compliance with certain representations and warranties made by the Company. In general, the Company does not record any liability for these indemnities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets as the amounts cannot be reasonably estimated and are not considered probable. The Company does, however, accrue for losses for any known contingent liability, including those that may arise from indemnification provisions, when future payment is probable. To date, losses recorded in the Company s consolidated statements of operations in connection with the indemnification provisions have not been material. 
 Litigation From time to time, in the ordinary course of business, the Company is subject to legal proceedings, claims, investigations, and other proceedings, including claims of alleged infringement of third-party patents and other intellectual property rights, and commercial, employment, and other matters. In accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, the Company makes a provision for a liability when it is both probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. These provisions are reviewed at least annually and adjusted to reflect the impacts of negotiations, settlements, rulings, advice of legal counsel, and other information and events pertaining to a particular case. The outcome of such litigation is not expected to have a material effect on the financial position, results of operation and cash flows of the Company. The Company has recorded an immaterial amount related to all outstanding litigation matters in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets, within accrued expenses and other current liabilities as of December 31, 2022, and other liabilities, non-current as of December 31, 2021. 
 ) ) Foreign Total net loss before taxes ) ) ) 
 
 96 

Table of Contents 

 State Foreign Total current income tax expense Deferred: Federal State Foreign ) Total deferred income tax expense ) Total provision for income taxes 
 
 The Company had an effective tax rate of ) , ) , and ) for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. The difference between the 21 statutory federal tax rate and the effective tax rate was primarily a result of income earned in jurisdictions with higher statutory tax rates, foreign withholding taxes, and tax credits offset by change in valuation allowance. 
 
 State taxes, net of federal benefit Foreign rate differential ) ) ) Withholding taxes ) ) ) Nondeductible compensation ) ) Stock-based compensation ) ) Change in valuation allowance ) ) ) Research and development credits Other ) Effective tax rate ) ) ) 
 
 97 

Table of Contents 

 Deferred revenue Net operating loss Research and development tax credits Stock-based compensation expense Indirect tax reserves Property and equipment, net Capitalized research and development costs Operating lease liabilities Other Gross deferred tax assets Valuation allowance ) ) Total deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities: Deferred contract costs ) ) Operating lease right-of-use assets ) Other deferred tax liabilities ) ) Total deferred tax liabilities ) ) Net deferred tax liabilities 
 
 A valuation allowance is provided for deferred tax assets where the recoverability of the assets is uncertain. The determination to provide a valuation allowance is dependent upon the assessment of whether it is more likely than not that sufficient future taxable income will be generated to utilize the deferred tax assets. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company has established a valuation allowance of million and million, respectively, against its gross deferred tax assets due to the uncertainty surrounding the realization of such assets. The change in total valuation allowance from 2021 to 2022 was an increase of million. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had million of federal net operating loss NOL carryforwards. million of federal NOL carryforwards generated in taxable years beginning prior to January 1, 2018 begin expiring in 2030, if not utilized. million of federal NOL carryforwards generated in taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017 have an indefinite carryforward period, but are subject to the 80 deduction limitation based upon pre-NOL deduction taxable income. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had million of state NOL carryforwards. The state NOL carryforwards begin expiring in 2030, if not utilized. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had U.S. federal and state research and development tax credit carryforwards of million and million, respectively. The federal research and development tax credit carryforwards will expire in various amounts beginning in 2035 while the state research and development tax credit carryforwards can be carried forward indefinitely. 
 
 98 

Table of Contents 

 ownership changes with the Company s Series A and A-1 redeemable convertible preferred stock offering in September 2011 and with the Company s Series B redeemable convertible preferred stock offering in November 2012. The Company has estimated that the gross U.S. federal NOL carryforwards from 2010 to 2012 that would be subject to limitation are approximately million. 
 
 For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, the Company performed a Section 382 study to determine any potential Section 382 limitations on the utilization of the acquired federal NOLs from the business combination of CorpU. The Company determined that CorpU experienced an ownership change in May 2013 and therefore, the federal gross NOL carry forwards of million would be subject to limitation. The million of acquired NOL carryforwards subject to the Section 382 limitation will expire unutilized, therefore the deferred tax asset associated with such NOLs were written off. 
 
 Uncertain tax positions As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had gross unrecognized tax benefits of million and million, respectively, related to federal and state research and development tax credits. The Company has performed a research and development tax credit study and has reserved against a portion of its federal and state research and development tax credit carryforwards. The Company s tax position of such credits is not more likely than not to be sustained upon examination. The Company has recorded an uncertain tax position related to the deferred tax asset recognized for these credits. 
 
 Increases (decreases) related to prior year tax positions ) Increases related to current year tax positions Statute of limitations expirations Gross unrecognized tax benefits at the end of the year 
 
 The Company is currently unaware of uncertain tax positions that could result in significant additional payments, accruals, or other material deviations in the next 12 months. The Company currently does not record interest and penalties, if any, related to unrecognized tax benefits. None of the unrecognized tax benefits as of December 31, 2022, if recognized in a future period, would affect the Company s effective tax rate. 
 
 The Company files income tax returns in U.S. federal, and certain state and foreign jurisdictions with varying statutes of limitations. Due to NOL carryforwards and tax credit carryforwards, the statutes of limitations remain open for tax years from inception of the Company through the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. There are currently no income tax audits underway by U.S. federal or state jurisdictions. There are income tax audits in Turkey and India that began in 2022 but no notices or assessments have been issued at this time. 
 
 The Company intends to indefinitely reinvest any future undistributed foreign earnings outside the United States and therefore such earnings will not be subject to U.S. federal or state, or foreign withholding tax. The Company has prepared an analysis of the repatriation of earnings outside of the U.S. and has determined that the potential tax in connection with such repatriation is approximately million. 
 
 99 

Table of Contents 

 million related to the employer portion of social security taxes during the year ended December 31, 2020, of which million was settled in 2021 and million was settled in 2022. 

of an employ ee s contribution up to of the employee s compensation, with a cap of annually, subject to a graded vesting schedule that vests after an employee s first year of employment and after of employment. The Company contributed million, million, and million for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 

of the Company s outstanding capital stock. A current member of the Company s Board of Directors is an executive officer of a Prosus operating subsidiary, OLX Global B.V. A former member of the Company s Board of Directors, who resigned in September 2022, was an executive officer of Prosus. Naspers and cer tain entities directly and indirectly controlled by Naspers are customers of the Company s Enterprise subscription offering. The Company recorded million, million, and million of revenue from services provided to these customers during the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 the Company had an accounts receivable balance with these customers of million and million, respectively. 
 
 Insight Partners, where a member of the Company s Board of Directors is a Managing Director, is affiliated with certain vendors that the Company has contracted to provide technology and software solutions. During the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, the Company recorded million, million, and million, respectively, of expense with these vendors. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 the Company had an accounts payable balance with these vendors of and million, respectively. 
 
 million of revenue from services provided to these customers during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had a million accounts receivable balance with these customers . 

shares of undesignated preferred stock with a par value of per share with rights and preferences, including voting rights, designated from time to time by the board of directors. 
 
 100 

Table of Contents 

 vote per share. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 , there were and RSUs outstanding as detailed in the RSU activity table below. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 , there wer e and outstanding st ock options to purchase common stock as detailed in the stock options activity tables below. 
 2021 Employee Stock Purchase Plan Total shares of common stock available for future issuance 
 Equity incentive plans In 2010, the Company adopted the 2010 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2010 Plan ). The 2010 Plan provided for incentive stock options ISOs ), non-statutory stock options NSOs , collectively with ISOs, stock options ), SARs, restricted stock, and restricted stock units RSUs to be granted to eligible employees, directors, and consultants. The 2010 Plan was terminated in October 2021 in connection with the IPO but continues to govern the terms and conditions of the outstanding awards granted pursuant to the 2010 Plan. No further equity awards will be granted under the 2010 Plan. 
 The Company adopted the 2021 Equity Incentive Plan (the "2021 Plan") in September 2021, which became effective on October 28, 2021 (collectively with the 2010 Plan, the Equity Incentive Plans and was approved by the Company s stockholders. The 2021 Plan provides for the granting of ISOs, NSOs, SARs, restricted stock, RSUs, and performance awards to eligible employees, directors, and consultants. 
 
 The Company initially reserved shares for issuance under the 2021 Plan. The amount available for issuance is subject to an annual increase on the first day of each calendar year, beginning on January 1, 2023, in an amount equal to of the outstanding shares of the Company s common stock on the last day of the immediately preceding calendar year or a lesser amount determined by the Company s Board of Directors or compensation committee. The amount available for issuance shall also include Returning Shares, which are any shares subject to awards granted under the 2010 Plan that, on or after October 29, 2021, expire or otherwise terminate without having been exercised in full, are tendered to or withheld by the Company for payment of an exercise price or for tax withholding obligations, or are forfeited to or repurchased by the Company due to failure to vest. 
 
 Equity Exchange On July 11, 2022, the Company launched an equity exchange program (the Equity Exchange in which eligible employees and executives were able to exchange certain outstanding stock options and SARs, whether vested or unvested, with a per share exercise price equal to or greater than , for RSUs on a -for-one basis. Upon expiration of the offer to exchange on August 6, 2022, stock options and SARs (collectively, the Exchanged Awards were canceled and immediately exchanged for an equivalent number of new RSUs, representing a participation rate by eligible awards of approximately . 
 
 The incremental stock-based compensation expense associated with the Equity Exchange was calculated as the excess of the fair value of each new RSU awarded, as measured on the date exchanged, over the fair value of the corresponding Exchanged Awards, as measured immediately prior to the exchange closing on August 6, 2022. The fair value of the new RSUs was estimated using the fair value of the Company s common stock on the exchange date. 
 
 Expected volatility Expected life (in years) Expected dividend yield 
 
 101 

Table of Contents 

 million of incremental stock-based compensation expense associated with the modification, as well as the remaining unrecognized expense associated with the Exchanged Awards at the time of the exchange, on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period for the new RSUs, adjusted as needed for those new RSUs issued for certain Exchanged Awards whose per share exercise prices were lower than the Company s stock price at the exchange date. The requisite service periods for the new RSUs are determined by the per share exercise price of the corresponding Exchanged Awards, ranging from two to . 
 
 Stock options The Company may grant stock options at exercise prices not less than the fair market value at the date of grant. These options generally expire years from the date of grant. The Company recognizes stock-based compensation expense on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period for each award, which is generally even over . 
 
 Granted Exercised ) Canceled in connection with the Equity Exchange ) Canceled ) Balance - December 31, 2022 
 Vested expected to vest as of December 31, 2022 
 Exercisable as of December 31, 2022 
 
 There were stock options granted during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. The weighted average grant date fair values of stock options granted during the fiscal years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 were and per share, respectively. 
 
 Total aggregate intrinsic value of options exercised during the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 was million, million, and million, respectively. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, total unrecognized stock-based compensation expense related to unvested stock options was million, which will be recognized over a weighted average period of years. 
 
 The Company estimates the fair value of stock-based compensation for stock options by utilizing the Black-Scholes option-pricing model, which is dependent upon several variables, such as the expected option term, expected volatility of the Company s stock price over the expected term, expected risk-free interest rate over the expected option term, and expected dividend yield rate over the expected option term. These amounts are estimates and, thus, may not be reflective of actual future results, nor amounts ultimately realized by recipients of these grants. 
 
 Expected volatility Expected life (in years) Expected dividend yield 
 
 102 

Table of Contents 

 years from the date of grant. The Company recognizes stock-based compensation expense on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period for each award, which is generally even over . Refer to Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Stock-Based Compensation for more information. 
 
 Granted Exercised ) Canceled in connection with the Equity Exchange ) Canceled ) Balance - December 31, 2022 
 Vested expected to vest as of December 31, 2022 
 Exercisable as of December 31, 2022 

There were SARs granted during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. The weighted average grant date fair values of SARs granted during the fiscal years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 were and per share, respectively. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, total compensation cost related to unvested SARs not yet recognized was million, which will be recognized over a weighted average period of year. 
 
 Expected volatility Expected life (in years) Expected dividend yield 
 
 Restricted stock units The fair value of RSUs is determined using the fair value of the Company s common stock on the date of grant. The Company recognizes stock-based compensation expense for RSUs with service-based vesting conditions on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period for each award, which typically vest over a three or period. 
 
 103 

Table of Contents 

 Granted Awarded in connection with the Equity Exchange (1) 
 Released ) Canceled ) Unvested - December 31, 2022 
 (1) Inclusive of Performance-based awards that were separately modified, as discussed below. 

The aggregate fair value of RSUs that vested during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 was million. No RSUs vested during the fiscal years ended December 31, 2021 or 2020. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, total unrecognized stock-based compensation expense related to unvested RSUs was million, which will be recognized over a weighted average period of years. 
 
 Performance-based awards U nder the Equity Incentive Plans, the Company may grant share-based awards whose vesting is contingent on meeting various departmental or company-wide performance goals, such as the achievement of certain sales targets or an IPO event, in lieu of or in addition to a service-based vesting condition Performance-Based Awards ). Such awards are generally granted with an exercise price equal to the fair market value of the underlying common stock share on the date of grant and have a contractual term of years. If vesting is dependent on satisfying a performance condition that is probable of being achieved, the Company estimates the expected term as the midpoint between the time at which the performance conditions are probable of being satisfied and the contractual term of the award. If vesting is dependent on satisfying a performance condition that is not probable of being achieved and the service period is not explicitly stated, the Company estimates the expected term as the contractual term. The remaining inputs to the Black-Scholes option pricing model used to determine grant date fair value, including risk-free interest, expected volatility, and expected dividend yield, are calculated using the same method as that used for stock options with service-based vesting conditions. Grants for Performance-Based Awards are made out of the same pool of stock options available for future issuance under the Equity Incentive Plans. 
 Compensation expense for Performance-Based Awards is based on the grant date fair market value. The Company recognizes expense for Performance-Based Awards having either (a) multiple performance-based vesting conditions, or (b) performance and graded service-based vesting conditions, by separately attributing each vesting tranche of the award over the requisite service period applicable to each vesting condition. Management s estimate of the number of shares expected to vest is based on the anticipated achievement of the specified performance goals. If the performance-based vesting condition is considered probable of being achieved, the Company recognizes expense over the remaining service period based on the probable outcome of achievement. If the performance goals are not met, no compensation cost is recognized, and any previously recognized compensation cost is reversed. For awards with both performance and service-based vesting conditions where the performance condition is considered improbable of being achieved, the Company does not recognize expense until the performance condition is satisfied, after which time expense is recognized over the requisite service period. 
 
 The Company had Performance-Based Award outstanding as of December 31, 2022, and Performance-Based Awards outstanding as of December 31, 2021. 
 In 2018, the Company granted an award of stock options that was eligible to vest upon the closing of the Company s IPO occurring prior to the sixth th) anniversary of the date the award was granted and subject to recipient s continued service to the Company. Upon the completion of the IPO requirement, the options vest in equal monthly installments thereafter, subject to the recipient continuing to provide service to the Company through each vesting date. Prior to the Company s IPO on October, 29, 2021, management considered the performance-based vesting conditions improbable of being satisfied. Upon completion of the IPO, the performance condition was satisfied, and the Company recognized an immaterial amount of cumulative stock-based compensation expense. 
 104 

Table of Contents 

 stock options with performance-based vesting conditions, with vesting when the Company achieves million in UB Annual Recurring Revenue ARR ), and the other vesting when the Company achieves million in UB ARR. Management considered that both performance-based vesting conditions were probable of being satisfied during the performance period. As such, the Company began recognizing expense for each tranche of the award using the estimated time period by which the performance conditions were probable of being achieved. 
 
 The million UB ARR performance condition was achieved in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2021, and the Board of Directors compensation committee formally certified satisfaction of the performance condition in February 2022. The first, vested tranche of the award participated in the Equity Exchange program, as described in the section above, resulting in the cancellation of performance-based stock options and the subsequent issuance of an equal number of RSUs. The million UB ARR performance condition was achieved and certified by the Board of Directors compensation committee in the third quarter of fiscal year 2022. In the same quarter, after the certification occurred, the second tranche was separately modified under equivalent terms and accounting treatment to those described in the Equity Exchange section above, resulting in the cancellation of performance-based stock options and the concurrent issuance of an equal number of RSUs. Modification of the second tranche resulted in incremental stock-based compensation expense of million, which was recognized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period. All new RSUs issued in exchange for the performance-based stock options vested in November 2022. 
 
 Granted Exercised Canceled (1) 
 ) Balance - December 31, 2022 
 Vested expected to vest as of December 31, 2022 
 Exercisable as of December 31, 2022 
 (1) shares were canceled as part of the Equity Exchange, and shares were canceled as part of the modification discussed above. 

As of December 31, 2022, total compensation cost related to unvested Performance-Based Awards not yet recognized was million, which will be recognized over a weighted average period of years. 
 
 Employee stock purchase plan The 2021 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the ESPP became effective on October 29, 2021. The Company initially reserved shares of the Company's common stock under the ESPP. Shares reserved for issuance shall increase on the first day of the fiscal year, beginning in fiscal 2023, in an amount equal to the least of of the outstanding shares of common stock on the last day of the immediately preceding fiscal year, three times the initial number of shares reserved under the ESPP, or a lesser amount determined by the Company s Board of Directors or compensation committee. 
 
 The ESPP allows eligible employees to purchase shares of the Company s common stock at a discount of during an offering period. Offering periods are -month periods beginning on the first trading day on or after May 20 or November 20 (defined as the enrollment date). Each offering period has purchase periods which last approximately months, or the length of time between exercise dates (defined as the first trading day on or after May 20 and November 20 of each purchase period), except that the first purchase period of any offering period is the time between the enrollment date and first exercise date. At the start of an offering period, eligible employees may elect to contribute up to of their eligible compensation each payroll period during that offering period to purchase shares of common stock in accordance with the ESPP. 
 
 105 

Table of Contents 

 of the lesser of the fair market value of the Company s common stock on (i) the enrollment date or (ii) the exercise date. In the event that the fair market value per share of the Company s common stock at the end of a purchase period is lower than the fair market value per share at the first day of the related offering period, a reset occurs that automatically cancels the current offering period and enrolls participants in a new offering period. 
 
 During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, shares of common stock were issued under the ESPP. 
 On May 20, 2022, the Company s ESPP purchase price was reset. Under the reset provision, if the closing stock price on the purchase date falls below the closing stock price on the offering date of an ongoing offering period, the ongoing offering terminates immediately following the purchase of ESPP shares on the purchase date. Participants in the terminated offering are then automatically enrolled in the new offering period. The ESPP reset resulted in an incremental compensation cost of million which will be recognized on a straight-line basis over the new offering period ending in May 2024. 
 
 Expected volatility Expected life (in years) Expected dividend yield 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, total unrecognized compensation cost for the ESPP was million, which will be recognized over a weighted average period of years. 
 
 Other equity transactions During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, the Company facilitated a tender offer for certain eligible employees to sell vested stock options and outstanding shares of common stock to an existing investor at a per share price of per share. The Company recorded stock-based compensation of million during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, in its consolidated statements of operations for the difference be tween the price paid and the fair value of the Company s common stock on the date of the transaction. 
 
 During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020, the Company facilitated a tender offer for certain eligible employees to sell vested stock options and outstanding shares of common stock at a per share price of per share. The Company recorded stock-based compensation of million during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020, in its consolidated statements of operations for the difference between the price paid and the fair value of the Company s common stock on the date of the transaction. 
 
 Additionally, during the fiscal years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, the Company waived its right of first refusal and transfer restrictions with respect to certain transfers of outstanding common stock. Where the Company has concluded that such transfers included a deemed compensatory element as a result of both the Company s role in facilitating the transfers and the buyers of the shares transferred having a pre-existing economic interest in the Company s equity, the Company recorded stock-based compensation expense for the difference between the price paid and the fair market value on the date of the transaction. The Company recorded million and million of stock-based compensation expense for such transactions during the fiscal years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 106 

Table of Contents 

 shares of Udemy restricted common stock to a former executive of CorpU at a grant date fair value per share of . The total compensation cost recognized during the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was million and million, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, total compensation cost related to the restricted stock not yet recognized was million, which will be recognized over a weighted average period of years. 
 
 Sales and marketing Research and development General and administrative Total stock-based compensation expense 
 
 The Company capitalized million, million, and million of stock-based compensation expense as capitalized software during the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 Denominator: Weighted-average shares used in computing net loss per share attributable to common stockholders Basic and diluted Net loss per share attributable to common stockholders Basic and diluted 
 
 Stock options RSUs and restricted stock Contingently issuable shares under ESPP Redeemable convertible preferred stock warrants Total potentially dilutive securities 
 
 107 

Table of Contents 

 segments, Consumer and Enterprise, in order to allocate resources and evaluate the Company s financial performance. 
 The Consumer segment targets individual learners seeking to obtain hands-on learning, gain valuable job skills to advance their professional careers, or learn a new personal skill. The Enterprise segment is focused on helping business and government customers upskill and reskill their employees and public servants. The CODM measures the performance of each segment primarily based on segment revenue and segment gross profit. 
 Segment gross profit, as presented below, is defined as segment revenue less segment cost of revenue. Segment cost of revenue includes content costs, hosting and platform costs, customer support services, and payment processing fees that are allocable to each segment. Segment gross profit excludes amortization of capitalized software, depreciation, stock-based compensation, and amortization of intangible assets allocated to cost of revenue as the CODM does not include the information in his measurement of the performance of the operating segments. Additionally, the Company does not allocate sales and marketing expenses, research and development expenses, and general and administrative expenses because the CODM does not include the information in his measurement of the performance of the operating segments. The Udemy platform supports the operations of each segment. 
 The CODM does not use asset information by segments to assess performance and make decisions regarding allocation of resources, and the Company does not track its long-lived assets by segment. The geographic identification of these assets is set forth below. 
 Enterprise Total revenue Segment cost of revenue Consumer Enterprise Total segment cost of revenue Segment gross profit Consumer Enterprise Total segment gross profit Reconciliation of segment gross profit to gross profit Amortization of capitalized software Amortization of intangible assets Depreciation Stock-based compensation Total reconciling items Total gross profit 
 108 

Table of Contents 

 million for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020. Consumer segment gross profit increased by million and Enterprise segment gross profit decreased by million for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020. Management considers such corrections to be immaterial to the previously issued consolidated financial statements. 
 Geographic information 
 Revenue : 
 Europe, Middle East, Africa Asia Pacific Latin America Total revenue 
 No single country other than the United States represented 10 or more of the Company s total revenue du ring the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. 
 Long-lived assets : Rest of world Total long-lived assets 

17. 
 
 . As a result, the Company expects to recognize restructuring charges of million to million in the first quarter of 2023, primarily consisting of personnel expenses such as salaries and wages, one-time severance payments, and other benefits. Cash payments related to these expenses will occur primarily in the first and second quarters of 2023. Also included in the indicated range is an immaterial amount of stock-based compensation expense that will be recognized in the first quarter of 2023 as a result of modifications to allow vesting of certain stock-based awards held by impacted personnel. 
 
 109 

Table of Contents 

 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosures 
 None. 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 Evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures 
 As required by Rule 13a-15(b) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Based upon that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms and to provide reasonable assurance that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 
 Management s report on internal control over financial reporting 
 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15(d)-15(f) under the Exchange Act). Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Our management conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on the assessment, our management has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 has been audited by Deloitte Touche LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report, which is included in Item 9A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Changes in internal control over financial reporting 
 There were no changes to our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 Inherent limitations on the effectiveness of internal controls over financial reporting 
 Our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to provide reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives as specified above. However, our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures will prevent or detect all error and fraud. Any control system, no matter how well designed and operated, is based upon certain assumptions and can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that its objectives will be met. Further, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that misstatements due to error or fraud will not occur or that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within our company have been detected. 
 110 

Table of Contents 

 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 To the stockholders and the Board of Directors of Udemy, Inc. 
 
 Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of Udemy, Inc. and subsidiaries (the 
 Company as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated 
 Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO. 
 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight 
 Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022, of the Company and our report dated February 27, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s report on internal control over financial reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 /s/ DELOITTE TOUCHE LLP 

San Francisco, California 
 February 27, 2023 
 111 

Table of Contents 

 Item 9B. Other Information 
 Not applicable. 

Item 9C. Disclosure regarding foreign jurisdictions that prevent inspections 
 
 Not applicable. 
 112 

Table of Contents 

 PART III. 

Item 10. Directors, executive officers and corporate governance 
 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the definitive Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which will be filed with the SEC no later than 120 days after December 31, 2022. Our board of directors has adopted a code of business conduct and ethics that applies to all of our employees, officers and directors, including our chief executive officer, chief financial officer and other executive and senior financial officers. The full text of our corporate governance guidelines and code of business conduct and ethics are available on our website at https://investors.udemy.com/corporate-governance/governance-documents. We intend to satisfy the disclosure requirement under Item 5.05 of Form 8-K regarding amendments and waivers of our Code of Conduct that apply to our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller, or persons performing similar functions by posting that information on our website address specified above. 

Item 11. Executive compensation 
 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the definitive Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which will be filed with the SEC no later than 120 days after December 31, 2022. 

Item 12. Security ownership of certain beneficial owners and management and related stockholder matters 
 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the definitive Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which will be filed with the SEC no later than 120 days after December 31, 2022. 

Item 13. Certain relationships and related transactions, and director independence 
 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the definitive Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which will be filed with the SEC no later than 120 days after December 31, 2022. 

Item 14. Principal accounting fees and services 
 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the definitive Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which will be filed with the SEC no later than 120 days after December 31, 2022. 
 113 

Table of Contents 

 PART IV. 
 
 Item 15. Exhibits 
 
 The following documents are filed as a part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K: 
 (a) Financial Statements 
 Our Consolidated Financial Statements are listed in the Index to Consolidated Financial Statements under Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 (b) Financial Statement Schedules 
 All financial statement schedules are omitted because the information called for is not required or is shown either in the consolidated financial statements or in the notes thereto. 
 (c) Exhibits 
 The exhibits listed below are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, or are incorporated herein by reference, in each case as indicated below. 
 EXHIBIT INDEX 
 Incorporated by Reference Exhibit No. To Form File Number Exhibit Filing Date 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant 
 8-K 001-40956 3.1 November 2, 2021 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Registrant 
 4.1 Fifth Amended and Restated Investor Rights Agreement by and among the Registrant and certain of its stockholders, dated November 13, 2020 
 S-1 333-260042 4.1 October 5, 2021 4.2 Form of common stock certificate of the Registrant 
 S-1 333-260042 4.2 October 5, 2021 4.3 Description of common stock of the Registrant 
 10.1 Form of Indemnification Agreement between the Registrant and each of its directors and executive officers 
 S-1 333-260042 10.1 October 5, 2021 10.2 2010 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended, and forms of agreement thereunder 
 S-1 333-260042 10.2 October 5, 2021 
 114 

Table of Contents 

 10.3 2021 Equity Incentive Plan and forms of agreements thereunder 
 S-1 333-260042 10.3 October 5, 2021 10.4 2021 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, as amended and restated, and forms of agreements thereunder 
 S-1/A 333-260042 10.4 October 25, 2021 10.5 Employee Incentive Compensation Plan 
 S-1 333-260042 10.5 October 5, 2021 10.6 Outside Director Compensation Policy 
 S-1 333-260042 10.6 October 5, 2021 10.7 Confirmatory Employment Letter by and between the Registrant and Gregg Coccari 
 S-1 333-260042 10.7 October 5, 2021 10.8 Confirmatory Employment Letter by and between the Registrant and Sarah Blanchard 
 S-1 333-260042 10.8 October 5, 2021 10.9 Confirmatory Employment Letter by and between the Registrant and Velayudhan Venugopal 
 S-1 333-260042 10.9 October 5, 2021 10.10 Confirmatory Employment Letter by and between the Registrant and Gregory Brown 
 S-1 333-260042 10.10 October 5, 2021 10.11 Confirmatory Employment Letter by and between the Registrant and Llibert Argerich 
 S-1 333-260042 10.12 October 5, 2021 10.12 Confirmatory Employment Letter by and between the Registrant and Prasad Gune 
 S-1 333-260042 10.13 October 5, 2021 10.13 Employment Letter by and between the Registrant and Karen Fascenda 
 10.14 Confirmatory Employment Letter by and between the Registrant and Kenneth Hirschman 
 
 115 

Table of Contents 

 10.15 Confirmatory Employment Letter by and between the Registrant and Richard Qiu 
 10.16 Change in Control and Severance Agreement by and between the Registrant and Gregg Coccari 
 S-1 333-260042 10.14 October 5, 2021 10.17 Change in Control and Severance Agreement by and between the Registrant and Sarah Blanchard 
 S-1 333-260042 10.15 October 5, 2021 10.18 Change in Control and Severance Agreement by and between the Registrant and Velayudhan Venugopal 
 S-1 333-260042 10.16 October 5, 2021 10.19 Change in Control and Severance Agreement by and between the Registrant and Gregory Brown 
 S-1 333-260042 10.17 October 5, 2021 10.20 Change in Control and Severance Agreement by and between the Registrant and Llibert Argerich 
 S-1 333-260042 10.19 October 5, 2021 10.21 Change in Control and Severance Agreement by and between the Registrant and Prasad Gune 
 S-1 333-260042 10.20 October 5, 2021 10.22 Change in Control and Severance Agreement by and between the Registrant and Karen Fascenda 
 10.23 Change in Control and Severance Agreement by and between the Registrant and Kenneth Hirschman 
 10.24 Change in Control and Severance Agreement by and between the Registrant and Richard Qiu 
 10.25 Consulting Agreement, dated February 28, 2023 between Gregg Coccari and Udemy, Inc. 
 8-K 001-40956 10.1 January 9, 2023 10.26 Employment Agreement, dated March 1, 2023, between Gregory Brown and Udemy, Inc. 
 8-K 001-40956 10.2 January 9, 2023 
 116 

Table of Contents 

 21.1 List of subsidiaries 
 23.1 Consent of Deloitte Touche LLP, independent registered public accounting firm 
 24.1 Powers of Attorney (contained on signature page) 31.1 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 31.2 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.1 Certifications of the Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.2 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 
 Filed herewith. 
 The certifications attached as Exhibits 32.1 and 32.2 that accompany this Form 10-K are deemed furnished and not filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and are not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of Udemy, Inc. under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, whether made before or after the date of this Form 10-K, irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. 
 117 

Table of Contents 

 Item 16. Form 10-K summary 
 
 None. 
 118 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 Udemy, Inc. Date: February 27, 2023 
 By: /s/ Gregg Coccari Gregg Coccari President and Chief Executive Officer Date: February 27, 2023 
 By: /s/ Sarah Blanchard Sarah Blanchard Chief Financial Officer 
 
 POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 
 Each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Gregg Coccari and Sarah Blanchard, and each one of them, as his, her, or their true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for him or her and in their name, place, and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in connection therewith, as fully to all intents and purposes as he or she might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents or any of them, or his or her substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Annual Report on Form 10-K has been signed by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 119 

Table of Contents 

 Signature Title Date /s/ Gregg Coccari President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairperson of the Board of Directors February 27, 2023 
 Gregg Coccari /s/ Sarah Blanchard Chief Financial Officer Principal Financial and Accounting Officer February 27, 2023 
 Sarah Blanchard /s/ Eren Bali Director February 27, 2023 
 Eren Bali /s/ Heather Hiles Director February 27, 2023 
 Heather Hiles /s/ Jeffrey Lieberman Director February 27, 2023 
 Jeffrey Lieberman /s/ Lydia Paterson Director February 27, 2023 
 Lydia Paterson /s/ Natalie Schechtman Director February 27, 2023 
 Natalie Schechtman 
 120 

<EX-3.2>
 2
 udemy-amendedandrestatedby.htm
 EX-3.2

Document 
 Exhibit 3.2 

 AMENDED AND RESTATED BYLAWS OF 
 UDEMY, INC. 
 (initially adopted on January 20, 2010) 
 (as amended effective November 30, 2022) 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page 
 
 ARTICLE I - CORPORATE OFFICES 1 
 1.1 REGISTERED OFFICE 1 
 1.2 OTHER OFFICES 1 
 ARTICLE II - MEETINGS OF STOCKHOLDERS 1 
 2.1 PLACE OF MEETINGS 1 
 2.2 ANNUAL MEETING 1 
 2.3 SPECIAL MEETING 1 
 2.4 ADVANCE NOTICE PROCEDURES 2 
 2.5 NOTICE OF STOCKHOLDERS MEETINGS 9 
 2.6 QUORUM 9 
 2.7 ADJOURNED MEETING NOTICE 10 
 2.8 CONDUCT OF BUSINESS 10 
 2.9 VOTING 10 
 2.10 STOCKHOLDER ACTION BY WRITTEN CONSENT WITHOUT A MEETING 11 
 2.11 RECORD DATES 11 
 2.12 PROXIES 12 
 2.13 LIST OF STOCKHOLDERS ENTITLED TO VOTE 12 
 2.14 INSPECTORS OF ELECTION 12 
 ARTICLE III - DIRECTORS 13 
 3.1 POWERS 13 
 3.2 NUMBER OF DIRECTORS 13 
 3.3 ELECTION, QUALIFICATION AND TERM OF OFFICE OF DIRECTORS 13 
 3.4 RESIGNATION AND VACANCIES 13 
 3.5 PLACE OF MEETINGS MEETINGS BY TELEPHONE 14 
 3.6 REGULAR MEETINGS 14 
 3.7 SPECIAL MEETINGS NOTICE 14 
 3.8 QUORUM VOTING 15 
 3.9 BOARD ACTION BY WRITTEN CONSENT WITHOUT A MEETING 15 
 3.10 FEES AND COMPENSATION OF DIRECTORS 15 
 3.11 REMOVAL OF DIRECTORS 16 
 ARTICLE IV - COMMITTEES 16 
 4.1 COMMITTEES OF DIRECTORS 16 
 4.2 COMMITTEE MINUTES 16 
 4.3 MEETINGS AND ACTION OF COMMITTEES 16 
 4.4 SUBCOMMITTEES 17 
 ARTICLE V - OFFICERS 17 
 5.1 OFFICERS 17 
 5.2 APPOINTMENT OF OFFICERS 17 
 5.3 SUBORDINATE OFFICERS 17 
 5.4 REMOVAL AND RESIGNATION OF OFFICERS 18 
 5.5 VACANCIES IN OFFICES 18 
 5.6 REPRESENTATION OF SECURITIES OF OTHER ENTITIES 18 
 -i- 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 (continued) 
 Page 

5.7 AUTHORITY AND DUTIES OF OFFICERS 18 
 ARTICLE VI - STOCK 18 
 6.1 STOCK CERTIFICATES PARTLY PAID SHARES 18 
 6.2 SPECIAL DESIGNATION ON CERTIFICATES 19 
 6.3 LOST CERTIFICATES 19 
 6.4 DIVIDENDS 20 
 6.5 TRANSFER OF STOCK 20 
 6.6 STOCK TRANSFER AGREEMENTS 20 
 6.7 REGISTERED STOCKHOLDERS 20 
 ARTICLE VII - MANNER OF GIVING NOTICE AND WAIVER 20 
 7.1 NOTICE OF STOCKHOLDERS MEETINGS 20 
 7.2 NOTICE TO STOCKHOLDERS SHARING AN ADDRESS 20 
 7.3 NOTICE TO PERSON WITH WHOM COMMUNICATION IS UNLAWFUL 21 
 7.4 WAIVER OF NOTICE 21 
 ARTICLE VIII - INDEMNIFICATION 21 
 8.1 INDEMNIFICATION OF DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS IN THIRD PARTY PROCEEDINGS 21 
 8.2 INDEMNIFICATION OF DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS IN ACTIONS BY OR IN THE RIGHT OF THE COMPANY 22 
 8.3 SUCCESSFUL DEFENSE 22 
 8.4 INDEMNIFICATION OF OTHERS 22 
 8.5 ADVANCED PAYMENT OF EXPENSES 22 
 8.6 LIMITATION ON INDEMNIFICATION 23 
 8.7 DETERMINATION CLAIM 24 
 8.8 NON-EXCLUSIVITY OF RIGHTS 24 
 8.9 INSURANCE 24 
 8.10 SURVIVAL 24 
 8.11 EFFECT OF REPEAL OR MODIFICATION 24 
 8.12 CERTAIN DEFINITIONS 25 
 ARTICLE IX - GENERAL MATTERS 25 
 9.1 EXECUTION OF CORPORATE CONTRACTS AND INSTRUMENTS 25 
 9.2 FISCAL YEAR 25 
 9.3 SEAL 25 
 9.4 CONSTRUCTION DEFINITIONS 26 
 9.5 FORUM SELECTION 26 
 ARTICLE X - AMENDMENTS 26 
 
 -ii- 

BYLAWS OF UDEMY, INC. 
 ARTICLE I - CORPORATE OFFICES 
 1.1 REGISTERED OFFICE 
 The registered office of Udemy, Inc. (the Company shall be fixed in the Company s certificate of incorporation, as the same may be amended from time to time. 
 1.2 OTHER OFFICES 
 The Company may at any time establish other offices. 
 ARTICLE II - MEETINGS OF STOCKHOLDERS 
 2.1 PLACE OF MEETINGS 
 Meetings of stockholders shall be held at a place, if any, within or outside the State of Delaware, determined by the board of directors of the Company (the Board of Directors ). The Board of Directors may, in its sole discretion, determine that a meeting of stockholders shall not be held at any place, but may instead be held solely by means of remote communication as authorized by Section 211(a)(2) of the Delaware General Corporation Law or any successor legislation (the DGCL ). In the absence of any such designation or determination, stockholders meetings shall be held at the Company s principal executive office. 
 2.2 ANNUAL MEETING 
 The annual meeting of stockholders shall be held each year. The Board of Directors shall designate the date and time of the annual meeting. At the annual meeting, directors shall be elected and any other proper business, brought in accordance with Section 2.4 of these bylaws, may be transacted. The Board of Directors acting pursuant to a resolution adopted by a majority of the Whole Board may cancel, postpone or reschedule any previously scheduled annual meeting at any time, before or after the notice for such meeting has been sent to the stockholders. For the purposes of these bylaws, the term Whole Board shall mean the total number of authorized directorships whether or not there exist any vacancies or other unfilled seats in previously authorized directorships. 
 2.3 SPECIAL MEETING 
 (a) A special meeting of the stockholders, other than as required by statute, may be called at any time by (i) the Board of Directors acting pursuant to a resolution adopted by a majority of the Whole Board, (ii) the chairperson of the Board of Directors, (iii) the chief executive officer or (iv) the president, but a special meeting may not be called by any other person or persons and any power of stockholders to call a special meeting of stockholders is specifically denied. The Board of Directors acting pursuant to a resolution adopted by a majority of the Whole Board may cancel, postpone or reschedule any previously scheduled special meeting at any time, before or after the notice for such meeting has been sent to the stockholders. 
 (b) The notice of a special meeting shall include the purpose for which the meeting is called. Only such business shall be conducted at a special meeting of stockholders as shall have been brought before the meeting by or at the direction of a majority of the Whole Board, the chairperson of the Board of Directors, the chief executive officer or the president. Nothing contained in this Section 2.3(b) 

shall be construed as limiting, fixing or affecting the time when a meeting of stockholders called by action of the Board of Directors may be held. 
 2.4 ADVANCE NOTICE PROCEDURES 
 (a) Annual Meetings of Stockholders. 
 (i) Nominations of persons for election to the Board of Directors or the proposal of other business to be transacted by the stockholders at an annual meeting of stockholders may be made only (1) pursuant to the Company s notice of meeting (or any supplement thereto) (2) by or at the direction of the Board of Directors, or any committee thereof that has been formally delegated authority to nominate such persons or propose such business pursuant to a resolution adopted by a majority of the Whole Board (3) as may be provided in the certificate of designations for any class or series of preferred stock or (4) by any stockholder of the Company who (A) is a stockholder of record at the time of giving of the notice contemplated by Section 2.4(a)(ii) (B) is a stockholder of record on the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to notice of the annual meeting (C) is a stockholder of record on the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to vote at the annual meeting (D) is a stockholder of record at the time of the annual meeting and (E) complies with the procedures set forth in this Section 2.4(a). 
 (ii) For nominations or other business to be properly brought before an annual meeting of stockholders by a stockholder pursuant to clause (4) of Section 2.4(a)(i), the stockholder must have given timely notice in writing to the secretary of the Company (the Secretary and any such nomination or proposed business must constitute a proper matter for stockholder action. To be timely, a stockholder s notice must be received by the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the Company no earlier than 8 00 a.m., Eastern time, on the 120th day and no later than 5 00 p.m., Eastern time, on the 90th day prior to the day of the first anniversary of the preceding year s annual meeting of stockholders as first specified in the Company s notice of such annual meeting (without regard to any adjournment, rescheduling, postponement or other delay of such annual meeting occurring after such notice was first sent). However, if no annual meeting of stockholders was held in the preceding year, or if the date of the annual meeting for the current year has been changed by more than 25 days from the first anniversary of the preceding year s annual meeting, then to be timely such notice must be received by the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the Company no earlier than 8 00 a.m., Eastern time, on the 120th day prior to the day of the annual meeting and no later than 5 00 p.m., Eastern time, on the later of the 90th day prior to the day of the annual meeting or, if the first public announcement of the date of such annual meeting is less than 100 days prior to the date of such annual meeting, the 10th day following the day on which public announcement of the date of the annual meeting was first made by the Company. In no event will the adjournment, rescheduling or postponement or other delay of any annual meeting, or any announcement thereof, commence a new time period (or extend any time period) for the giving of a stockholder s notice as described above. In no event may a stockholder provide notice with respect to a greater number of director candidates than there are director seats subject to election by stockholders at the annual meeting. If the number of directors to be elected to the Board of Directors is increased and there is no public announcement naming all of the nominees for director or specifying the size of the increased Board of Directors at least 10 days before the last day that a stockholder may deliver a notice of nomination pursuant to the foregoing provisions, then a stockholder s notice required by this Section 2.4(a)(ii) will also be considered timely, but only with respect to any nominees for any new positions created by such increase, if it is received by the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the Company no later than 5 00 p.m., Eastern time, on the 10th day following the day on which such public announcement is first made. Public announcement means disclosure in a press release reported by a national news service or in a document publicly filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC pursuant to Section 13, Section 14 or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (as amended and inclusive of rules and regulations thereunder, the 1934 Act or by such other means as is reasonably designed to inform the public or stockholders of the Company in general of such information, including, without limitation, posting on the Company s investor relations website. 
 - 2 - 

(iii) A stockholder s notice to the Secretary must set forth 
 (1) as to each person whom the stockholder proposes to nominate for election as a director 
 (A) such person s name, age, business address, residence address and principal occupation or employment 
 (B) the class and number of shares of the Company that are held of record or are beneficially owned by such person and any (i) Derivative Instruments (as defined below) held or beneficially owned by such person, including the full notional amount of any securities that, directly or indirectly, underlie any Derivative Instrument and (ii) other agreement, arrangement or understanding that has been made the effect or intent of which is to create or mitigate loss to, manage risk or benefit of share price changes for, or increase or decrease the voting power of such person with respect to the Company s securities 
 (C) all information relating to such person that is required to be disclosed in connection with solicitations of proxies for the contested election of directors, or is otherwise required, in each case pursuant to Section 14 of the 1934 Act 
 (D) such person s written consent (x) to being named as a nominee of such stockholder, (y) to being named in the Company s form of proxy pursuant to Rule 14a-19 under the 1934 Act and (z) to serving as a director of the Company if elected 
 (E) any direct or indirect compensatory, payment, indemnification or other financial agreement, arrangement or understanding that such person has, or has had within the past three years, with any person or entity other than the Company (including, without limitation, the amount of any payment or payments received or receivable thereunder), in each case in connection with candidacy or service as a director of the Company (such agreement, arrangement or understanding, a Third-Party Compensation Arrangement and 
 (F) a description of any other material relationships between such person and such person s respective affiliates and associates, or others acting in concert with them, on the one hand, and such stockholder giving the notice and the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the nomination is made, and their respective affiliates and associates, or others acting in concert with them, on the other hand, including, without limitation, all information that would be required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 under Regulation S-K if such stockholder, beneficial owner, affiliate or associate were the registrant for purposes of such rule and such person were a director or executive officer of such registrant 
 (2) as to any other business that the stockholder proposes to bring before the annual meeting 
 (A) a brief description of the business desired to be brought before the annual meeting 
 (B) the text of the proposal or business (including the text of any resolutions proposed for consideration and, if applicable, the text of any proposed amendment to these bylaws) 
 (C) the reasons for conducting such business at the annual meeting 
 - 3 - 

(D) any material interest in such business of such stockholder giving the notice and the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the proposal is made, and their respective affiliates and associates, or others acting in concert with them and 
 (E) agreements, arrangements and understandings between such stockholder and the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the proposal is made, and their respective affiliates or associates or others acting in concert with them, and any other persons (including their names) in connection with the proposal of such business by such stockholder and 
 (3) as to the stockholder giving the notice and the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the nomination or proposal is made 
 (A) the name and address of such stockholder (as they appear on the Company s books), of such beneficial owner, and of their respective affiliates or associates or others acting in concert with them 
 (B) for each class or series, the number of shares of stock of the Company that are, directly or indirectly, held of record or are beneficially owned by such stockholder, such beneficial owner or their respective affiliates or associates or others acting in concert with them 
 (C) any agreement, arrangement or understanding between such stockholder, such beneficial owner or their respective affiliates or associates or others acting in concert with them, and any other person or persons (including, in each case, their names) in connection with the proposal of such nomination or other business 
 (D) any (i) agreement, arrangement or understanding (including, without limitation and regardless of the form of settlement, any derivative, long or short positions, profit interests, forwards, futures, swaps, options, warrants, convertible securities, stock appreciation or similar rights, hedging transactions and borrowed or loaned shares) that has been entered into by or on behalf of such stockholder, such beneficial owner or their respective affiliates or associates or others acting in concert with them with respect to the Company s securities (any of the foregoing, a Derivative Instrument including the full notional amount of any securities that, directly or indirectly, underlie any Derivative Instrument and (ii) other agreement, arrangement or understanding that has been made the effect or intent of which is to create or mitigate loss to, manage risk or benefit of share price changes for, or increase or decrease the voting power of, such stockholder, such beneficial owner or their respective affiliates or associates or others acting in concert with them with respect to the Company s securities 
 (E) any proxy, contract, arrangement, understanding or relationship pursuant to which such stockholder, such beneficial owner or their respective affiliates or associates or others acting in concert with them has a right to vote any shares of any security of the Company 
 (F) any rights to dividends on the Company s securities owned beneficially by such stockholder, such beneficial owner or their respective affiliates or associates or others acting in concert with them, that are separated or separable from the underlying security 
 (G) any proportionate interest in the Company s securities or Derivative Instruments held, directly or indirectly, by a general or limited partnership in which such stockholder, such beneficial owner or their respective affiliates or associates or others acting in concert with them, is a general partner or, directly or indirectly, beneficially owns an interest in a general partner of such general or limited partnership 
 - 4 - 

(H) any performance-related fees (other than an asset-based fee) that such stockholder, such beneficial owner or their respective affiliates or associates or others acting in concert with, them is entitled to based on any increase or decrease in the value of the Company s securities or Derivative Instruments, including, without limitation, any such interests held by members of the immediate family of such persons sharing the same household 
 (I) any significant equity interests or any Derivative Instruments in any principal competitor of the Company that are held by such stockholder, such beneficial owner or their respective affiliates or associates or others acting in concert with them 
 (J) any direct or indirect interest of such stockholder, such beneficial owner or their respective affiliates or associates or others acting in concert with them, in any contract with the Company, any affiliate of the Company or any principal competitor of the Company (in each case, including, without limitation, any employment agreement, collective bargaining agreement or consulting agreement) 
 (K) any material pending or threatened legal proceeding in which such stockholder, such beneficial owner or their respective affiliates or associates or others acting in concert with them is a party or material participant involving the Company or any of its officers, directors or affiliates 
 (L) any material relationship between such stockholder, such beneficial owner or their respective affiliates or associates or others acting in concert with them, on the one hand, and the Company or any of its officers, directors or affiliates, on the other hand 
 (M) a representation and undertaking that the stockholder is a holder of record of stock of the Company as of the date of submission of the stockholder s notice and intends to appear in person or by proxy at the annual meeting to bring such nomination or other business before the annual meeting 
 (N) a representation and undertaking as to whether such stockholder, such beneficial owner or their respective affiliates or associates or others acting in concert with them intends, or is part of a group that intends, to (x) deliver a proxy statement or form of proxy to holders of at least the percentage of the voting power of the Company s then-outstanding stock required to approve or adopt the proposal or to elect each such nominee (which representation and undertaking must include a statement as to whether such stockholder, such beneficial owner or their respective affiliates or associates or others acting in concert with them intends to solicit the requisite percentage of the voting power of the Company s stock under Rule 14a-19 of the 1934 Act) or (y) otherwise solicit proxies from stockholders in support of such proposal or nomination 
 (O) any other information relating to such stockholder, such beneficial owner or their respective affiliates or associates or others acting in concert with them, or director nominee or proposed business, that, in each case, would be required to be disclosed in a proxy statement or other filing required to be made in connection with the solicitation of proxies in support of such nominee (in a contested election of directors) or proposal pursuant to Section 14 of the 1934 Act and 
 (P) such other information relating to any proposed item of business as the Company may reasonably require to determine whether such proposed item of business is a proper matter for stockholder action. 
 (iv) In addition to the requirements of this Section 2.4, to be timely, a stockholder s notice (and any additional information submitted to the Company in connection therewith) must further be updated and supplemented (1) if necessary, so that the information provided or required to be provided in such notice is true and correct as of the record date(s) for determining the stockholders 
 - 5 - 

entitled to notice of, and to vote at, the annual meeting and as of the date that is 10 business days prior to the annual meeting or any adjournment, rescheduling, postponement or other delay thereof and (2) to provide any additional information that the Company may reasonably request. Any such update and supplement or additional information (including, if requested pursuant to Section 2.4(a)(iii)(3)(P)) must be received by the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the Company (A) in the case of a request for additional information, promptly following a request therefor, which response must be received by the Secretary not later than such reasonable time as is specified in any such request from the Company or (B) in the case of any other update or supplement of any information, not later than five business days after the record date(s) for the annual meeting (in the case of any update and supplement required to be made as of the record date(s)), and not later than eight business days prior to the date for the annual meeting or any adjournment, rescheduling, postponement or other delay thereof (in the case of any update or supplement required to be made as of 10 business days prior to the annual meeting or any adjournment, rescheduling, postponement or other delay thereof). No later than five business days prior to the annual meeting or any adjournment, rescheduling, postponement or other delay thereof, a stockholder nominating individuals for election as a director will provide the Company with reasonable evidence that such stockholder has met the requirements of Rule 14a-19. The failure to timely provide such update, supplement, evidence or additional information shall result in the nomination or proposal no longer being eligible for consideration at the annual meeting. If the stockholder fails to comply with the requirements of Rule 14a-19 (including because the stockholder fails to provide the Company with all information or notices required by Rule 14a-19), then the director nominees proposed by such stockholder shall be ineligible for election at the annual meeting and any votes or proxies in respect of such nomination shall be disregarded, notwithstanding that such proxies may have been received by the Company and counted for the purposes of determining quorum. For the avoidance of doubt, the obligation to update and supplement, or provide additional information or evidence, as set forth in these bylaws shall not limit the Company s rights with respect to any deficiencies in any notice provided by a stockholder, extend any applicable deadlines pursuant to these bylaws or enable or be deemed to permit a stockholder who has previously submitted notice pursuant to these bylaws to amend or update any nomination or to submit any new nomination. No disclosure pursuant to these bylaws will be required with respect to the ordinary course business activities of any broker, dealer, commercial bank, trust company or other nominee who is the stockholder submitting a notice pursuant to this Section 2.4 solely because such broker, dealer, commercial bank, trust company or other nominee has been directed to prepare and submit the notice required by these bylaws on behalf of a beneficial owner. 
 (b) Special Meetings of Stockholders . Except to the extent required by the DGCL, and subject to Section 2.3(a), special meetings of stockholders may be called only in accordance with the Company s certificate of incorporation and these bylaws. Only such business will be conducted at a special meeting of stockholders as has been brought before the special meeting pursuant to the Company s notice of meeting. If the election of directors is included as business to be brought before a special meeting in the Company s notice of meeting, then nominations of persons for election to the Board of Directors at such special meeting may be made by any stockholder who (i) is a stockholder of record at the time of giving of the notice contemplated by this Section 2.4(b) (ii) is a stockholder of record on the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to notice of the special meeting (iii) is a stockholder of record on the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to vote at the special meeting (iv) is a stockholder of record at the time of the special meeting and (v) complies with the procedures set forth in this Section 2.4(b) (with such procedures that the Company deems to be applicable to such special meeting). For nominations to be properly brought by a stockholder before a special meeting pursuant to this Section 2.4(b), the stockholder s notice must be received by the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the Company no earlier than 8 00 a.m., Eastern time, on the 120th day prior to the day of the special meeting and no later than 5 00 p.m., Eastern time, on the 10th day following the day on which public announcement of the date of the special meeting was first made. In no event will any adjournment, rescheduling, postponement or other delay of a special meeting or any announcement thereof commence a new time period (or extend any time period) for the giving of a stockholder s notice as described above. A stockholder s notice to the Secretary must comply with the applicable notice requirements of Section 2.4(a)(iii), with references therein to annual meeting deemed to mean special meeting for the purposes of this final sentence of this Section 2.4(b). 
 - 6 - 

(c) Other Requirements and Procedures. 
 (i) To be eligible to be a nominee of any stockholder for election as a director of the Company, the proposed nominee must provide to the Secretary, in accordance with the applicable time periods prescribed for delivery of notice under Section 2.4(a)(ii) or Section 2.4(b) 
 (1) a signed and completed written questionnaire (in the form provided by the Secretary at the written request of the nominating stockholder, which form will be provided by the Secretary within 10 days of receiving such request) containing information regarding such nominee s background and qualifications and such other information as may reasonably be required by the Company to determine the eligibility of such nominee to serve as a director of the Company or to serve as an independent director of the Company 
 (2) a written representation and undertaking that, unless previously disclosed to the Company, such nominee is not, and will not become, a party to any voting agreement, arrangement, commitment, assurance or understanding with any person or entity as to how such nominee, if elected as a director, will vote on any issue 
 (3) a written representation and undertaking that, unless previously disclosed to the Company, such nominee is not, and will not become, a party to any Third-Party Compensation Arrangement 
 (4) a written representation and undertaking that, if elected as a director, such nominee would be in compliance, and will continue to comply, with the Company s corporate governance, conflict of interest, confidentiality, stock ownership and trading guidelines, and other policies and guidelines applicable to directors and in effect during such person s term in office as a director (and, if requested by any candidate for nomination, the Secretary will provide to such proposed nominee all such policies and guidelines then in effect) and 
 (5) a written representation and undertaking that such nominee, if elected, intends to serve a full term on the Board of Directors. 
 (ii) At the request of the Board of Directors, any person nominated by the Board of Directors for election as a director must furnish to the Secretary the information that is required to be set forth in a stockholder s notice of nomination pertaining to such nominee. 
 (iii) No person will be eligible to be nominated by a stockholder for election as a director of the Company, or to be seated as a director of the Company, unless nominated and elected in accordance with the procedures set forth in this Section 2.4. No business proposed by a stockholder will be conducted at a stockholder meeting except in accordance with this Section 2.4. 
 (iv) The chairperson of the applicable meeting of stockholders will, if the facts warrant, determine and declare to the meeting that a nomination was not made in accordance with the procedures prescribed by these bylaws or that other proposed business was not properly brought before the meeting. If the chairperson of the meeting should so determine, then the chairperson of the meeting will so declare to the meeting and the defective nomination will be disregarded or such business will not be transacted, as the case may be. 
 (v) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 2.4, unless otherwise required by law, if the stockholder (or a qualified representative of the stockholder) does not appear in person at the meeting to present a nomination or other proposed business, such nomination will be disregarded or such business will not be transacted, as the case may be, notwithstanding that proxies in respect of such nomination or business may have been received by the Company and counted for purposes of determining a quorum. For purposes of this Section 2.4, to be considered a qualified 
 - 7 - 

representative of the stockholder, a person must be a duly authorized officer, manager or partner of such stockholder or must be authorized by a writing executed by such stockholder or an electronic transmission delivered by such stockholder to act for such stockholder as proxy at the meeting, and such person must produce such writing or electronic transmission, or a reliable reproduction of the writing or electronic transmission, at the meeting. 
 (vi) Without limiting this Section 2.4, a stockholder must also comply with all applicable requirements of the 1934 Act with respect to the matters set forth in this Section 2.4, it being understood that (1) any references in these bylaws to the 1934 Act are not intended to, and will not, limit any requirements applicable to nominations or proposals as to any other business to be considered pursuant to this Section 2.4 and (2) compliance with clause (4) of Section 2.4(a)(i) and with Section 2.4(b) are the exclusive means for a stockholder to make nominations or submit other business (other than as provided in Section 2.4(c)(vii)). 
 (vii) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 2.4, the notice requirements set forth in these bylaws with respect to the proposal of any business pursuant to this Section 2.4 will be deemed to be satisfied by a stockholder if (1) such stockholder has submitted a proposal to the Company in compliance with Rule 14a-8 under the 1934 Act and (2) such stockholder s proposal has been included in a proxy statement that has been prepared by the Company to solicit proxies for the meeting of stockholders. Subject to Rule 14a-8 and other applicable rules and regulations under the 1934 Act, nothing in these bylaws will be construed to permit any stockholder, or give any stockholder the right, to include or have disseminated or described in the Company s proxy statement any nomination of a director or any other business proposal. 
 2.5 NOTICE OF STOCKHOLDERS MEETINGS 
 Whenever stockholders are required or permitted to take any action at a meeting, a notice of the meeting shall be given in accordance with Section 232 of the DGCL, and such notice shall state the place, if any, date and hour of the meeting, the means of remote communications, if any, by which stockholders and proxy holders may be deemed to be present in person and vote at such meeting, the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting, if such date is different from the record date for determining stockholders entitled to notice of the meeting, and, in the case of a special meeting, the purpose or purposes for which the meeting is called. Except as otherwise provided in the DGCL, the certificate of incorporation or these bylaws, the notice of any meeting of stockholders shall be given not less than 10 nor more than 60 days before the date of the meeting to each stockholder entitled to vote at such meeting as of the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to notice of the meeting. 
 2.6 QUORUM 
 The holders of a majority of the voting power of the capital stock of the Company issued and outstanding and entitled to vote, present in person or represented by proxy, shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business at all meetings of the stockholders, unless otherwise required by law, the certificate of incorporation, these bylaws or the rules of any applicable stock exchange on which the Company s securities are listed. Where a separate vote by a class or series or classes or series is required, a majority of the voting power of the outstanding shares of such class or series or classes or series, present in person or represented by proxy, shall constitute a quorum entitled to take action with respect to that vote on that matter, except as otherwise required by law, the certificate of incorporation, these bylaws or the rules of any applicable stock exchange on which the Company s securities are listed. 
 If, however, such quorum is not present or represented at any meeting of the stockholders, then either (a) the chairperson of the meeting, or (b) the stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting, present in person or represented by proxy, shall have power to adjourn the meeting from time to time, without notice other than announcement at the meeting, until a quorum is present or represented. At such adjourned meeting at which a quorum is present or represented, any business may be transacted that might have been transacted at the original meeting. 
 - 8 - 

2.7 ADJOURNED MEETING NOTICE 
 Unless these bylaws otherwise require, when a meeting is adjourned to another time or place (including an adjournment taken to address a technical failure to convene or continue a meeting using remote communication), notice need not be given of the adjourned meeting if the time, place, if any, thereof, and the means of remote communications, if any, by which stockholders and proxy holders may be deemed to be present in person and vote at such adjourned meeting are (i) announced at the meeting at which the adjournment is taken, (ii) displayed, during the time scheduled for the meeting, on the same electronic network used to enable stockholders and proxy holders to participate in the meeting by means of remote communication or (iii) set forth in the notice of meeting given in accordance with Section 222(a) of the DGCL. At the adjourned meeting, the Company may transact any business which might have been transacted at the original meeting. If the adjournment is for more than 30 days, a notice of the adjourned meeting shall be given to each stockholder of record entitled to vote at the meeting. If after the adjournment a new record date for stockholders entitled to vote is fixed for the adjourned meeting, the Board of Directors shall fix a new record date for notice of such adjourned meeting in accordance with Section 213(a) of the DGCL and Section 2.11 of these bylaws, and shall give notice of the adjourned meeting to each stockholder of record entitled to vote at such adjourned meeting as of the record date fixed for notice of such adjourned meeting. 
 2.8 CONDUCT OF BUSINESS 
 The chairperson of any meeting of stockholders shall determine the order of business and the procedure at the meeting, including such regulation of the manner of voting and the conduct of business and discussion as seem to the chairperson in order. The chairperson of any meeting of stockholders shall be designated by the Board of Directors in the absence of such designation, the chairperson of the Board of Directors, if any, or the chief executive officer (in the absence of the chairperson of the Board of Directors) or the president (in the absence of the chairperson of the Board of Directors and the chief executive officer), or in their absence any other executive officer of the Company, shall serve as chairperson of the stockholder meeting. The chairperson of any meeting of stockholders shall have the power to adjourn the meeting to another place, if any, date or time, whether or not a quorum is present. 
 2.9 VOTING 
 The stockholders entitled to vote at any meeting of stockholders shall be determined in accordance with the provisions of Section 2.11 of these bylaws, subject to Section 217 (relating to voting rights of fiduciaries, pledgors and joint owners of stock) and Section 218 (relating to voting trusts and other voting agreements) of the DGCL. 
 Except as may be otherwise provided in the certificate of incorporation, each stockholder shall be entitled to one vote for each share of capital stock held by such stockholder as of the applicable record date that has voting power upon the matter in question. 
 Except as otherwise provided by law, the certificate of incorporation, these bylaws or the rules of any applicable stock exchange on which the Company s securities are listed, in all matters other than the election of directors, the affirmative vote of a majority of the voting power of the shares present in person or represented by proxy at the meeting and entitled to vote on the subject matter shall be the act of the stockholders. Except as otherwise required by law, the certificate of incorporation or these bylaws, directors shall be elected by a plurality of the voting power of the shares present in person or represented by proxy at the meeting and entitled to vote on the election of directors. Except as otherwise provided by law, the certificate of incorporation, these bylaws or the rules of any applicable stock exchange on which the Company s securities are listed, where a separate vote by a class or series or classes or series is required, in all matters other than the election of directors, the affirmative vote of the majority of the voting power of the outstanding shares of such class or series or classes or series present in person or represented by proxy at the meeting and entitled to vote on the subject matter shall be the act of such class or series or classes or series. 
 - 9 - 

2.10 STOCKHOLDER ACTION BY WRITTEN CONSENT WITHOUT A MEETING 
 Unless otherwise provided in the Company s certificate of incorporation and subject to the rights of holders of preferred stock of the Company, any action required or permitted to be taken by the stockholders of the Company must be effected at a duly called annual or special meeting of stockholders of the Company and may not be effected by any consent in writing by such stockholders. 
 2.11 RECORD DATES 
 In order that the Company may determine the stockholders entitled to notice of any meeting of stockholders or any adjournment thereof, the Board of Directors may fix a record date, which record date shall not precede the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted by the Board of Directors and which record date shall not be more than 60 nor less than 10 days before the date of such meeting. If the Board of Directors so fixes a date, such date shall also be the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to vote at such meeting unless the Board of Directors determines, at the time it fixes such record date, that a later date on or before the date of the meeting shall be the date for making such determination. 
 If no record date is fixed by the Board of Directors, the record date for determining stockholders entitled to notice of and to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall be at the close of business on the day next preceding the day on which notice is given, or, if notice is waived, at the close of business on the day next preceding the day on which the meeting is held. 
 A determination of stockholders of record entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall apply to any adjournment of the meeting provided, however , that the Board of Directors may fix a new record date for determination of stockholders entitled to vote at the adjourned meeting, and in such case shall also fix as the record date for stockholders entitled to notice of such adjourned meeting the same or an earlier date as that fixed for determination of stockholders entitled to vote in accordance with the provisions of Section 213 of the DGCL and this Section 2.11 at the adjourned meeting. 
 In order that the Company may determine the stockholders entitled to receive payment of any dividend or other distribution or allotment of any rights or the stockholders entitled to exercise any rights in respect of any change, conversion or exchange of stock, or for the purpose of any other lawful action, the Board of Directors may fix a record date, which record date shall not precede the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted, and which record date shall be not more than 60 days prior to such action. If no record date is fixed, the record date for determining stockholders for any such purpose shall be at the close of business on the day on which the Board of Directors adopts the resolution relating thereto. 
 2.12 PROXIES 
 Each stockholder entitled to vote at a meeting of stockholders, or such stockholder s authorized officer, director, employee or agent, may authorize another person or persons to act for such stockholder by proxy authorized by a document or by a transmission permitted by law filed in accordance with the procedure established for the meeting, but no such proxy shall be voted or acted upon after three years from its date, unless the proxy provides for a longer period. The authorization of a person to act as a proxy may be documented, signed and delivered in accordance with Section 116 of the DGCL provided that such authorization shall set forth, or be delivered with information enabling the Company to determine, the identity of the stockholder granting such authorization. The revocability of a proxy that states on its face that it is irrevocable shall be governed by the provisions of Section 212 of the DGCL. 
 - 10 - 

2.13 LIST OF STOCKHOLDERS ENTITLED TO VOTE 
 The Company shall prepare, no later than the tenth day before each meeting of stockholders, a complete list of the stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting provided, however, if the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to vote is less than 10 days before the meeting date, the list shall reflect the stockholders entitled to vote as of the tenth day before the meeting date, arranged in alphabetical order, and showing the address of each stockholder and the number of shares registered in the name of each stockholder. The Company shall not be required to include electronic mail addresses or other electronic contact information on such list. Such list shall be open to the examination of any stockholder for any purpose germane to the meeting for a period of ten days ending on the day before the meeting date (a) on a reasonably accessible electronic network, provided that the information required to gain access to such list is provided with the notice of the meeting, or (b) during ordinary business hours, at the Company s principal place of business. In the event that the Company determines to make the list available on an electronic network, the Company may take reasonable steps to ensure that such information is available only to stockholders of the Company. 
 2.14 INSPECTORS OF ELECTION 
 Before any meeting of stockholders, the Company shall appoint an inspector or inspectors of election to act at the meeting or its adjournment. The Company may designate one or more persons as alternate inspectors to replace any inspector who fails to act. 
 Such inspectors shall 
 (a) ascertain the number of shares outstanding and the voting power of each 
 (b) determine the shares represented at the meeting and the validity of proxies and ballots 
 (c) count all votes and ballots 
 (d) determine and retain for a reasonable period a record of the disposition of any challenges made to any determination by the inspectors and 
 (e) certify their determination of the number of shares represented at the meeting, and their count of all votes and ballots. 
 The inspectors of election shall perform their duties impartially, in good faith, to the best of their ability and as expeditiously as is practical. If there are multiple inspectors of election, the decision, act or certificate of a majority is effective in all respects as the decision, act or certificate of all. Any report or certificate made by the inspectors of election is prima facie evidence of the facts stated therein. 
 ARTICLE III - DIRECTORS 
 3.1 POWERS 
 The business and affairs of the Company shall be managed by or under the direction of the Board of Directors, except as may be otherwise provided in the DGCL or the certificate of incorporation. 
 3.2 NUMBER OF DIRECTORS 
 The Board of Directors shall consist of one or more members, each of whom shall be a natural person. Unless the certificate of incorporation fixes the number of directors, the number of directors shall 
 - 11 - 

be determined from time to time by resolution of a majority of the Whole Board. No reduction of the authorized number of directors shall have the effect of removing any director before that director s term of office expires. 
 3.3 ELECTION, QUALIFICATION AND TERM OF OFFICE OF DIRECTORS 
 Except as provided in Section 3.4 of these bylaws, each director, including a director elected to fill a vacancy or newly created directorship, shall hold office until the expiration of the term for which elected and until such director s successor is elected and qualified or until such director s earlier death, resignation or removal. Directors need not be stockholders unless so required by the certificate of incorporation or these bylaws. The certificate of incorporation or these bylaws may prescribe other qualifications for directors. 
 If so provided in the certificate of incorporation, the directors of the Company shall be divided into three classes. 
 3.4 RESIGNATION AND VACANCIES 
 Any director may resign at any time upon notice given in writing or by electronic transmission to the Company. A resignation is effective when the resignation is delivered unless the resignation specifies a later effective date or an effective date determined upon the happening of an event or events. A resignation which is conditioned upon the director failing to receive a specified vote for reelection as a director may provide that it is irrevocable. Unless otherwise provided in the certificate of incorporation or these bylaws, when one or more directors resign from the Board of Directors, effective at a future date, a majority of the directors then in office, including those who have so resigned, shall have power to fill such vacancy or vacancies, the vote thereon to take effect when such resignation or resignations shall become effective. 
 Unless otherwise provided in the certificate of incorporation or these bylaws or permitted in the specific case by resolution of the Board of Directors, and subject to the rights of holders of preferred stock of the Company, vacancies and newly created directorships resulting from any increase in the authorized number of directors elected by all of the stockholders having the right to vote as a single class may be filled by a majority of the directors then in office, although less than a quorum, or by a sole remaining director, and not by stockholders. If the directors are divided into classes, a person so chosen to fill a vacancy or newly created directorship shall hold office until the next election of the class for which such director shall have been chosen and until his or her successor shall have been duly elected and qualified. 
 3.5 PLACE OF MEETINGS MEETINGS BY TELEPHONE 
 The Board of Directors may hold meetings, both regular and special, either within or outside the State of Delaware. 
 Unless otherwise restricted by the certificate of incorporation or these bylaws, members of the Board of Directors may participate in a meeting of the Board of Directors by means of conference telephone or other communications equipment by means of which all persons participating in the meeting can hear each other, and such participation in a meeting shall constitute presence in person at the meeting. 
 3.6 REGULAR MEETINGS 
 Regular meetings of the Board of Directors may be held without notice at such time and at such place as shall from time to time be determined by the Board of Directors. 
 - 12 - 

3.7 SPECIAL MEETINGS NOTICE 
 Special meetings of the Board of Directors for any purpose or purposes may be called at any time by the chairperson of the Board of Directors, the chief executive officer, the president, the Secretary or by a majority of the Whole Board provided that the person(s) authorized to call a special meeting of the Board of Directors may authorize another person or persons to send notice of such meeting. 
 Notice of the time and place of special meetings shall be 
 (a) delivered personally by hand, by courier or by telephone 
 (b) sent by United States first-class mail, postage prepaid 
 (c) sent by facsimile 
 (d) sent by electronic mail or 
 (e) otherwise given by electronic transmission (as defined in Section 232 of the DGCL), 
 directed to each director at that director s address, telephone number, facsimile number, electronic mail address or other contact for notice by electronic transmission, as the case may be, as shown on the Company s records. 
 If the notice is (i) delivered personally by hand, by courier or by telephone, (ii) sent by facsimile, (iii) sent by electronic mail or (iv) otherwise given by electronic transmission, it shall be delivered, sent or otherwise directed to each director, as applicable, at least 24 hours before the time of the holding of the meeting. If the notice is sent by United States mail, it shall be deposited in the United States mail at least four days before the time of the holding of the meeting. Any oral notice of the time and place of the meeting may be communicated to the director in lieu of written notice if such notice is communicated at least 24 hours before the time of the holding of the meeting. The notice need not specify the place of the meeting (if the meeting is to be held at the Company s principal executive office) nor the purpose of the meeting, unless required by statute. 
 3.8 QUORUM VOTING 
 At all meetings of the Board of Directors, a majority of the Whole Board shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business. If a quorum is not present at any meeting of the Board of Directors, then the directors present thereat may adjourn the meeting from time to time, without notice other than announcement at the meeting, until a quorum is present. 
 The affirmative vote of a majority of the directors present at any meeting at which a quorum is present shall be the act of the Board of Directors, except as may be otherwise specifically provided by statute, the certificate of incorporation or these bylaws. 
 If the certificate of incorporation provides that one or more directors shall have more or less than one vote per director on any matter, except as may otherwise be expressly provided herein or therein and denoted with the phrase notwithstanding the final paragraph of Section 3.8 of the bylaws or language to similar effect, every reference in these bylaws to a majority or other proportion of the directors shall refer to a majority or other proportion of the votes of the directors. 
 - 13 - 

3.9 BOARD ACTION BY WRITTEN CONSENT WITHOUT A MEETING 
 Unless otherwise restricted by the certificate of incorporation or these bylaws, (i) any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of the Board of Directors, or of any committee thereof, may be taken without a meeting if all members of the Board of Directors or committee, as the case may be, consent thereto in writing or by electronic transmission and (ii) a consent may be documented, signed and delivered in any manner permitted by Section 116 of the DGCL. Any person (whether or not then a director) may provide, whether through instruction to an agent or otherwise, that a consent to action will be effective at a future time (including a time determined upon the happening of an event), no later than 60 days after such instruction is given or such provision is made and such consent shall be deemed to have been given for purposes of this Section 3.9 at such effective time so long as such person is then a director and did not revoke the consent prior to such time. Any such consent shall be revocable prior to its becoming effective. After an action is taken, the consent or consents relating thereto shall be filed with the minutes of the proceedings of the Board of Directors, or the committee thereof, in the same paper or electronic form as the minutes are maintained. 
 3.10 FEES AND COMPENSATION OF DIRECTORS 
 Unless otherwise restricted by the certificate of incorporation or these bylaws, the Board of Directors shall have the authority to fix the compensation of directors. 
 3.11 REMOVAL OF DIRECTORS 
 Any director or the entire Board of Directors may be removed from office by stockholders of the Company in the manner specified in the certificate of incorporation and applicable law. No reduction of the authorized number of directors shall have the effect of removing any director prior to the expiration of such director s term of office. 
 ARTICLE IV - COMMITTEES 
 4.1 COMMITTEES OF DIRECTORS 
 The Board of Directors may, by resolution passed by a majority of the Whole Board, designate one or more committees, each committee to consist of one or more of the directors of the Company. The Board of Directors may designate one or more directors as alternate members of any committee, who may replace any absent or disqualified member at any meeting of the committee. In the absence or disqualification of a member of a committee, the member or members thereof present at any meeting and not disqualified from voting, whether or not such member or members constitute a quorum, may unanimously appoint another member of the Board of Directors to act at the meeting in the place of any such absent or disqualified member. Any such committee, to the extent provided in the resolution of the Board of Directors or in these bylaws, shall have and may exercise all the powers and authority of the Board of Directors in the management of the business and affairs of the Company, and may authorize the seal of the Company to be affixed to all papers that may require it but no such committee shall have the power or authority to (a) approve or adopt, or recommend to the stockholders, any action or matter (other than the election or removal of directors) expressly required by the DGCL to be submitted to stockholders for approval, or (b) adopt, amend or repeal any bylaw of the Company. 
 4.2 COMMITTEE MINUTES 
 Each committee and subcommittee shall keep regular minutes of its meetings. 
 - 14 - 

4.3 MEETINGS AND ACTION OF COMMITTEES 
 Unless otherwise specified by the Board of Directors, meetings and actions of committees and subcommittees shall be governed by, and held and taken in accordance with, the provisions of 
 (a) Section 3.5 (place of meetings and meetings by telephone) 
 (b) Section 3.6 (regular meetings) 
 (c) Section 3.7 (special meetings and notice) 
 (d) Section 3.8 (quorum voting) 
 (e) Section 3.9 (action without a meeting) and 
 (f) Section 7.4 (waiver of notice) 
 with such changes in the context of those bylaws as are necessary to substitute the committee or subcommittee and its members for the Board of Directors and its members. However , (i) the time and place of regular meetings of committees or subcommittees may be determined either by resolution of the Board of Directors or by resolution of the committee or subcommittee (ii) special meetings of committees or subcommittees may also be called by resolution of the Board of Directors or the committee or the subcommittee and (iii) notice of special meetings of committees and subcommittees shall also be given to all alternate members who shall have the right to attend all meetings of the committee or subcommittee. The Board of Directors or a committee or subcommittee may also adopt other rules for the government of any committee or subcommittee. 
 Any provision in the certificate of incorporation providing that one or more directors shall have more or less than one vote per director on any matter shall apply to voting in any committee or subcommittee, unless otherwise provided in the certificate of incorporation or these bylaws. 
 4.4 SUBCOMMITTEES 
 Unless otherwise provided in the certificate of incorporation, these bylaws or the resolutions of the Board of Directors designating the committee, a committee may create one or more subcommittees, each subcommittee to consist of one or more members of the committee, and delegate to a subcommittee any or all of the powers and authority of the committee. 
 ARTICLE V - OFFICERS 
 5.1 OFFICERS 
 The officers of the Company shall be a president and a secretary. The Company may also have, at the discretion of the Board of Directors, a chairperson of the Board of Directors, a vice chairperson of the Board of Directors, a chief executive officer, a chief financial officer or treasurer, one or more vice presidents, one or more assistant vice presidents, one or more assistant treasurers, one or more assistant secretaries and any such other officers as may be appointed in accordance with the provisions of these bylaws. Any number of offices may be held by the same person. 
 - 15 - 

5.2 APPOINTMENT OF OFFICERS 
 The Board of Directors shall appoint the officers of the Company, except such officers as may be appointed in accordance with the provisions of Section 5.3 of these bylaws, subject to the rights, if any, of an officer under any contract of employment. 
 5.3 SUBORDINATE OFFICERS 
 The Board of Directors may appoint, or empower any officer to appoint, such other officers as the business of the Company may require. Each of such officers shall hold office for such period, have such authority, and perform such duties as are provided in these bylaws or as determined from time to time by the Board of Directors or, for the avoidance of doubt, any duly authorized committee or subcommittee thereof or by any officer who has been conferred such power of determination. 
 5.4 REMOVAL AND RESIGNATION OF OFFICERS 
 Subject to the rights, if any, of an officer under any contract of employment, any officer may be removed, either with or without cause, by the Board of Directors or, for the avoidance of doubt, any duly authorized committee or subcommittee thereof or by any officer who has been conferred such power of removal. 
 Any officer may resign at any time by giving notice, in writing or by electronic transmission, to the Company. Any resignation shall take effect at the date of the receipt of that notice or at any later time specified in that notice. Unless otherwise specified in the notice of resignation, the acceptance of the resignation shall not be necessary to make it effective. Any resignation is without prejudice to the rights, if any, of the Company under any contract to which the officer is a party. 
 5.5 VACANCIES IN OFFICES 
 Any vacancy occurring in any office of the Company shall be filled by the Board of Directors or as provided in Section 5.3. 
 5.6 REPRESENTATION OF SECURITIES OF OTHER ENTITIES 
 The chairperson of the Board of Directors, the chief executive officer, the president, any vice president, the treasurer, the secretary or assistant secretary of the Company or any other person authorized by the Board of Directors or the chief executive officer, the president or a vice president, is authorized to vote, represent and exercise on behalf of the Company all rights incident to any and all shares or other securities of, or interests in, or issued by, any other entity or entities, and all rights incident to any management authority conferred on the Company in accordance with the governing documents of any entity or entities, standing in the name of the Company, including the right to act by written consent. The authority granted herein may be exercised either by such person directly or by any other person authorized to do so by proxy or power of attorney duly executed by such person having the authority. 
 5.7 AUTHORITY AND DUTIES OF OFFICERS 
 Each officer of the Company shall have such authority and perform such duties in the management of the business of the Company as may be designated from time to time by the Board of Directors or, for the avoidance of doubt, any duly authorized committee or subcommittee thereof or by any officer who has been conferred such power of designation and, to the extent not so provided, as generally pertain to such office, subject to the control of the Board of Directors. 
 - 16 - 

ARTICLE VI - STOCK 
 6.1 STOCK CERTIFICATES PARTLY PAID SHARES 
 The shares of the Company shall be represented by certificates, provided that the Board of Directors may provide by resolution or resolutions that some or all of any or all classes or series of its stock shall be uncertificated shares. Any such resolution shall not apply to shares represented by a certificate until such certificate is surrendered to the Company. Unless otherwise provided by resolution of the Board of Directors, every holder of stock represented by certificates shall be entitled to have a certificate signed by, or in the name of, the Company by any two officers of the Company representing the number of shares registered in certificate form. Any or all of the signatures on the certificate may be a facsimile. In case any officer, transfer agent or registrar who has signed or whose facsimile signature has been placed upon a certificate has ceased to be such officer, transfer agent or registrar before such certificate is issued, it may be issued by the Company with the same effect as if such person were such officer, transfer agent or registrar at the date of issue. The Company shall not have power to issue a certificate in bearer form. 
 The Company may issue the whole or any part of its shares as partly paid and subject to call for the remainder of the consideration to be paid therefor. Upon the face or back of each stock certificate issued to represent any such partly-paid shares, or upon the books and records of the Company in the case of uncertificated partly-paid shares, the total amount of the consideration to be paid therefor and the amount paid thereon shall be stated. Upon the declaration of any dividend on fully-paid shares, the Company shall declare a dividend upon partly-paid shares of the same class, but only upon the basis of the percentage of the consideration actually paid thereon. 
 6.2 SPECIAL DESIGNATION ON CERTIFICATES 
 If the Company is authorized to issue more than one class of stock or more than one series of any class, then the powers, the designations, the preferences and the relative, participating, optional or other special rights of each class of stock or series thereof and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions of such preferences and or rights shall be set forth in full or summarized on the face or back of the certificate that the Company shall issue to represent such class or series of stock provided, however , that, except as otherwise provided in Section 202 of the DGCL, in lieu of the foregoing requirements, there may be set forth on the face or back of the certificate that the Company shall issue to represent such class or series of stock, a statement that the Company will furnish without charge to each stockholder who so requests the powers, designations, preferences and relative, participating, optional or other special rights of each class of stock or series thereof and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions of such preferences and or rights. Within a reasonable time after the issuance or transfer of uncertificated stock, the registered owner thereof shall be given a notice, in writing or by electronic transmission, containing the information required to be set forth or stated on certificates pursuant to this Section 6.2 or Sections 151, 156, 202(a), 218(a) or 364 of the DGCL or with respect to this Section 6.2 a statement that the Company will furnish without charge to each stockholder who so requests the powers, designations, preferences and relative, participating, optional or other special rights of each class of stock or series thereof and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions of such preferences and or rights. Except as otherwise expressly provided by law, the rights and obligations of the holders of uncertificated stock and the rights and obligations of the holders of certificates representing stock of the same class and series shall be identical. 
 6.3 LOST CERTIFICATES 
 Except as provided in this Section 6.3, no new certificates for shares shall be issued to replace a previously issued certificate unless the latter is surrendered to the Company and cancelled at the same time. The Company may issue a new certificate of stock or uncertificated shares in the place of any certificate theretofore issued by it, alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed, and the Company may require the owner of the lost, stolen or destroyed certificate, or such owner s legal representative, to give the Company a bond sufficient to indemnify it against any claim that may be made against it on account 
 - 17 - 

of the alleged loss, theft or destruction of any such certificate or the issuance of such new certificate or uncertificated shares. 
 6.4 DIVIDENDS 
 The Board of Directors, subject to any restrictions contained in the certificate of incorporation or applicable law, may declare and pay dividends upon the shares of the Company s capital stock. Dividends may be paid in cash, in property, or in shares of the Company s capital stock, subject to the provisions of the certificate of incorporation. The Board of Directors may set apart out of any of the funds of the Company available for dividends a reserve or reserves for any proper purpose and may abolish any such reserve. 
 6.5 TRANSFER OF STOCK 
 Transfers of record of shares of stock of the Company shall be made only upon its books by the holders thereof, in person or by an attorney duly authorized, and, subject to Section 6.3 of these bylaws if such stock is certificated, upon the surrender of a certificate or certificates for a like number of shares, properly endorsed or accompanied by proper evidence of succession, assignation or authority to transfer. 
 6.6 STOCK TRANSFER AGREEMENTS 
 The Company shall have power to enter into and perform any agreement with any number of stockholders of any one or more classes or series of stock of the Company to restrict the transfer of shares of stock of the Company of any one or more classes or series owned by such stockholders in any manner not prohibited by the DGCL. 
 6.7 REGISTERED STOCKHOLDERS 
 The Company 
 (a) shall be entitled to recognize the exclusive right of a person registered on its books as the owner of shares to receive dividends and notices and to vote as such owner and 
 (b) shall not be bound to recognize any equitable or other claim to or interest in such share or shares on the part of another person, whether or not it shall have express or other notice thereof, except as otherwise provided by the laws of Delaware. 
 ARTICLE VII - MANNER OF GIVING NOTICE AND WAIVER 
 7.1 NOTICE OF STOCKHOLDERS MEETINGS 
 Notice of any meeting of stockholders shall be given in the manner set forth in the DGCL. 
 7.2 NOTICE TO STOCKHOLDERS SHARING AN ADDRESS 
 Except as otherwise prohibited under the DGCL, without limiting the manner by which notice otherwise may be given effectively to stockholders, any notice to stockholders given by the Company under the provisions of the DGCL, the certificate of incorporation or these bylaws shall be effective if given by a single written notice to stockholders who share an address if consented to by the stockholders at that address to whom such notice is given. Any such consent shall be revocable by the stockholder by written notice to the Company. Any stockholder who fails to object in writing to the Company, within 60 days of having been given written notice by the Company of its intention to send the single notice, shall 
 - 18 - 

be deemed to have consented to receiving such single written notice. This Section 7.2 shall not apply to Sections 164, 296, 311, 312 or 324 of the DGCL. 
 7.3 NOTICE TO PERSON WITH WHOM COMMUNICATION IS UNLAWFUL 
 Whenever notice is required to be given, under the DGCL, the certificate of incorporation or these bylaws, to any person with whom communication is unlawful, the giving of such notice to such person shall not be required and there shall be no duty to apply to any governmental authority or agency for a license or permit to give such notice to such person. Any action or meeting which shall be taken or held without notice to any such person with whom communication is unlawful shall have the same force and effect as if such notice had been duly given. In the event that the action taken by the Company is such as to require the filing of a certificate under the DGCL, the certificate shall state, if such is the fact and if notice is required, that notice was given to all persons entitled to receive notice except such persons with whom communication is unlawful. 
 7.4 WAIVER OF NOTICE 
 Whenever notice is required to be given under any provision of the DGCL, the certificate of incorporation or these bylaws, a written waiver, signed by the person entitled to notice, or a waiver by electronic transmission by the person entitled to notice, whether before or after the time of the event for which notice is to be given, shall be deemed equivalent to notice. Attendance of a person at a meeting shall constitute a waiver of notice of such meeting, except when the person attends a meeting for the express purpose of objecting at the beginning of the meeting, to the transaction of any business because the meeting is not lawfully called or convened. Neither the business to be transacted at, nor the purpose of, any regular or special meeting of the stockholders need be specified in any written waiver of notice or any waiver by electronic transmission unless so required by the certificate of incorporation or these bylaws. 
 ARTICLE VIII - INDEMNIFICATION 
 8.1 INDEMNIFICATION OF DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS IN THIRD PARTY PROCEEDINGS 
 Subject to the other provisions of this Article VIII, the Company shall indemnify, to the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL, as now or hereinafter in effect, any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (a Proceeding (other than an action by or in the right of the Company) by reason of the fact that such person is or was a director or officer of the Company, or is or was a director or officer of the Company serving at the request of the Company as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, against expenses (including attorneys fees), judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by such person in connection with such Proceeding if such person acted in good faith and in a manner such person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe such person s conduct was unlawful. The termination of any Proceeding by judgment, order, settlement, conviction, or upon a plea of nolo contendere or its equivalent, shall not, of itself, create a presumption that the person did not act in good faith and in a manner which such person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had reasonable cause to believe that such person s conduct was unlawful. 
 - 19 - 

8.2 INDEMNIFICATION OF DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS IN ACTIONS BY OR IN THE RIGHT OF THE COMPANY 
 Subject to the other provisions of this Article VIII, the Company shall indemnify, to the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL, as now or hereinafter in effect, any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed Proceeding by or in the right of the Company to procure a judgment in its favor by reason of the fact that such person is or was a director or officer of the Company, or is or was a director or officer of the Company serving at the request of the Company as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, against expenses (including attorneys fees) actually and reasonably incurred by such person in connection with the defense or settlement of such Proceeding if such person acted in good faith and in a manner such person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company except that no indemnification shall be made in respect of any claim, issue or matter as to which such person shall have been adjudged to be liable to the Company unless and only to the extent that the Court of Chancery or the court in which such action or suit was brought shall determine upon application that, despite the adjudication of liability but in view of all the circumstances of the case, such person is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnity for such expenses which the Court of Chancery or such other court shall deem proper. 
 8.3 SUCCESSFUL DEFENSE 
 To the extent that a present or former director or officer (for purposes of this Section 8.3 only, as such term is defined in Section 145(c)(1) of the DGCL) of the Company has been successful on the merits or otherwise in defense of any Proceeding described in Section 8.1 or Section 8.2, or in defense of any claim, issue or matter therein, such person shall be indemnified against expenses (including attorneys fees) actually and reasonably incurred by such person in connection therewith. The Company may indemnify any other person who is not a present or former director or officer of the Company against expenses (including attorneys fees) actually and reasonably incurred by such person to the extent he or she has been successful on the merits or otherwise in defense of any Proceeding described in Section 8.1 or Section 8.2, or in defense of any claim, issue or matter therein. 
 8.4 INDEMNIFICATION OF OTHERS 
 Subject to the other provisions of this Article VIII, the Company shall have power to indemnify its employees and agents, or any other persons, to the extent not prohibited by the DGCL or other applicable law. The Board of Directors shall have the power to delegate to any person or persons identified in subsections (1) through (4) of Section 145(d) of the DGCL the determination of whether employees or agents shall be indemnified. 
 8.5 ADVANCED PAYMENT OF EXPENSES 
 Expenses (including attorneys fees) actually and reasonably incurred by an officer or director of the Company in defending any Proceeding shall be paid by the Company in advance of the final disposition of such Proceeding upon receipt of a written request therefor (together with documentation reasonably evidencing such expenses) and an undertaking by or on behalf of the person to repay such amounts if it shall ultimately be determined that the person is not entitled to be indemnified under this Article VIII or the DGCL. Such expenses (including attorneys fees) actually and reasonably incurred by former directors and officers or other employees and agents of the Company or by persons serving at the request of the Company as directors, officers, employees or agents of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise may be so paid upon such terms and conditions, if any, as the Company deems appropriate. The right to advancement of expenses shall not apply to any Proceeding (or any part of any Proceeding) for which indemnity is excluded pursuant to these bylaws, but shall apply to any Proceeding (or any part of any Proceeding) referenced in Section 8.6(b) or 8.6(c) prior to a determination that the person is not entitled to be indemnified by the Company. 
 - 20 - 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, unless otherwise determined pursuant to Section 8.8, no advance shall be made by the Company to an officer of the Company (except by reason of the fact that such officer is or was a director of the Company, in which event this paragraph shall not apply) in any Proceeding if a determination is reasonably and promptly made (a) by a vote of the directors who are not parties to such Proceeding, even though less than a quorum, or (b) by a committee of such directors designated by the vote of the majority of such directors, even though less than a quorum, or (c) if there are no such directors, or if such directors so direct, by independent legal counsel in a written opinion, that facts known to the decision-making party at the time such determination is made demonstrate clearly and convincingly that such person acted in bad faith or in a manner that such person did not believe to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company. 
 8.6 LIMITATION ON INDEMNIFICATION 
 Subject to the requirements in Section 8.3 and the DGCL, the Company shall not be obligated to indemnify any person pursuant to this Article VIII in connection with any Proceeding (or any part of any Proceeding) 
 (a) for which payment has actually been made to or on behalf of such person under any statute, insurance policy, indemnity provision, vote or otherwise, except with respect to any excess beyond the amount paid 
 (b) for an accounting or disgorgement of profits pursuant to Section 16(b) of the 1934 Act, or similar provisions of federal, state or local statutory law or common law, if such person is held liable therefor (including pursuant to any settlement arrangements) 
 (c) for any reimbursement of the Company by such person of any bonus or other incentive-based or equity-based compensation or of any profits realized by such person from the sale of securities of the Company, as required in each case under the 1934 Act (including any such reimbursements that arise from an accounting restatement of the Company pursuant to Section 304 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act ), or the payment to the Company of profits arising from the purchase and sale by such person of securities in violation of Section 306 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act), if such person is held liable therefor (including pursuant to any settlement arrangements) 
 (d) initiated by such person, including any Proceeding (or any part of any Proceeding) initiated by such person against the Company or its directors, officers, employees, agents or other indemnitees, unless (i) the Board of Directors authorized the Proceeding (or the relevant part of the Proceeding) prior to its initiation, (ii) the Company provides the indemnification, in its sole discretion, pursuant to the powers vested in the Company under applicable law, (iii) otherwise required to be made under Section 8.7 or (iv) otherwise required by applicable law or 
 (e) if prohibited by applicable law. 
 8.7 DETERMINATION CLAIM 
 If a claim for indemnification or advancement of expenses under this Article VIII is not paid in full within 90 days after receipt by the Company of the written request therefor, the claimant shall be entitled to an adjudication by a court of competent jurisdiction of his or her entitlement to such indemnification or advancement of expenses. The Company shall indemnify such person against any and all expenses that are actually and reasonably incurred by such person in connection with any action for indemnification or advancement of expenses from the Company under this Article VIII, to the extent such person is successful in such action, and to the extent not prohibited by law. In any such suit, the Company shall, to the fullest extent not prohibited by law, have the burden of proving that the claimant is not entitled to the requested indemnification or advancement of expenses. 
 - 21 - 

8.8 NON-EXCLUSIVITY OF RIGHTS 
 The indemnification and advancement of expenses provided by, or granted pursuant to, this Article VIII shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights to which those seeking indemnification or advancement of expenses may be entitled under the certificate of incorporation or any statute, bylaw, agreement, vote of stockholders or disinterested directors or otherwise, both as to action in such person s official capacity and as to action in another capacity while holding such office. The Company is specifically authorized to enter into individual contracts with any or all of its directors, officers, employees or agents respecting indemnification and advancement of expenses, to the fullest extent not prohibited by the DGCL or other applicable law. 
 8.9 INSURANCE 
 The Company may purchase and maintain insurance on behalf of any person who is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the Company, or is or was serving at the request of the Company as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise against any liability asserted against such person and incurred by such person in any such capacity, or arising out of such person s status as such, whether or not the Company would have the power to indemnify such person against such liability under the provisions of the DGCL. 
 8.10 SURVIVAL 
 The rights to indemnification and advancement of expenses conferred by this Article VIII shall continue as to a person who has ceased to be a director, officer, employee or agent and shall inure to the benefit of the heirs, executors and administrators of such a person. 
 8.11 EFFECT OF REPEAL OR MODIFICATION 
 A right to indemnification or to advancement of expenses arising under a provision of the certificate of incorporation or a bylaw shall not be eliminated or impaired by an amendment to or repeal or elimination of the certificate of incorporation or these bylaws after the occurrence of the act or omission that is the subject of the Proceeding for which indemnification or advancement of expenses is sought, unless the provision in effect at the time of such act or omission explicitly authorizes such elimination or impairment after such action or omission has occurred. 
 8.12 CERTAIN DEFINITIONS 
 For purposes of this Article VIII, references to the Company shall include, in addition to the resulting entity, any constituent company (including any constituent of a constituent) absorbed in a consolidation or merger which, if its separate existence had continued, would have had power and authority to indemnify its directors, officers, employees or agents, so that any person who is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of such constituent entity, or is or was serving at the request of such constituent entity as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, shall stand in the same position under the provisions of this Article VIII with respect to the resulting or surviving entity as such person would have with respect to such constituent entity if its separate existence had continued. For purposes of this Article VIII, references to other enterprises shall include employee benefit plans references to fines shall include any excise taxes assessed on a person with respect to an employee benefit plan and references to serving at the request of the Company shall include any service as a director, officer, employee or agent of the Company which imposes duties on, or involves services by, such director, officer, employee or agent with respect to an employee benefit plan, its participants or beneficiaries and a person who acted in good faith and in a manner such person reasonably believed to be in the interest of the participants and beneficiaries of an employee benefit plan shall be deemed to have acted in a manner not opposed to the best interests of the Company as referred to in this Article VIII. 
 - 22 - 

ARTICLE IX - GENERAL MATTERS 
 9.1 EXECUTION OF CORPORATE CONTRACTS AND INSTRUMENTS 
 Except as otherwise provided by law, the certificate of incorporation or these bylaws, the Board of Directors may authorize any officer or officers, or agent or agents, or employee or employees to enter into any contract or execute any document or instrument in the name of and on behalf of the Company such authority may be general or confined to specific instances. Unless so authorized or ratified by the Board of Directors or within the agency power of an officer, agent or employee, no officer, agent or employee shall have any power or authority to bind the Company by any contract or engagement or to pledge its credit or to render it liable for any purpose or for any amount. 
 9.2 FISCAL YEAR 
 The fiscal year of the Company shall be fixed by resolution of the Board of Directors and may be changed by the Board of Directors. 
 9.3 SEAL 
 The Company may adopt a corporate seal, which shall be adopted and which may be altered by the Board of Directors. The Company may use the corporate seal by causing it or a facsimile thereof to be impressed or affixed or in any other manner reproduced. 
 9.4 CONSTRUCTION DEFINITIONS 
 Unless the context requires otherwise, the general provisions, rules of construction, and definitions in the DGCL shall govern the construction of these bylaws. Without limiting the generality of this provision, the singular number includes the plural, the plural number includes the singular, and the term person includes a corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, and a natural person. Any reference in these bylaws to a section of the DGCL shall be deemed to refer to such section as amended from time to time and any successor provisions thereto. 
 9.5 FORUM SELECTION 
 Unless the Company consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware (or, if the Court of Chancery does not have jurisdiction, another State court in Delaware or the federal district court for the District of Delaware) shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be the sole and exclusive forum for (a) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of the Company, (b) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any director, stockholder, officer or other employee of the Company to the Company or the Company s stockholders, (c) any action arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL or the certificate of incorporation or these bylaws (as either may be amended from time to time) or (d) any action asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine, except for, as to each of (a) through (d) above, any claim as to which such court determines that there is an indispensable party not subject to the jurisdiction of such court (and the indispensable party does not consent to the personal jurisdiction of such court within 10 days following such determination), which is vested in the exclusive jurisdiction of a court or forum other than such court or for which such court does not have subject matter jurisdiction. 
 Unless the Company consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the federal district courts of the United States of America shall be the sole and exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, against any person in connection with any offering of the Company s securities, including, without limitation and for the avoidance of doubt, any auditor, underwriter, expert, control person or other defendant. 
 - 23 - 

Any person or entity purchasing, holding or otherwise acquiring any interest in any security of the Company shall be deemed to have notice of and consented to the provisions of this Section 9.5. This provision shall be enforceable by any party to a complaint covered by the provisions of this Section 9.5. For the avoidance of doubt, nothing contained in this Section 9.5 shall apply to any action brought to enforce a duty or liability created by the 1934 Act or any successor thereto. 
 ARTICLE X - AMENDMENTS 
 These bylaws may be adopted, amended or repealed by the stockholders entitled to vote provided, however, that the affirmative vote of the holders of at least 66 2 3 of the total voting power of outstanding voting securities, voting together as a single class, shall be required for the stockholders of the Company to alter, amend or repeal, or adopt any bylaw inconsistent with, the following provisions of these bylaws Article II, Sections 3.1, 3.2, 3.4 and 3.11 of Article III, Article VIII, Section 9.5 of Article IX or this Article X (including, without limitation, any such Article or Section as renumbered as a result of any amendment, alteration, change, repeal, or adoption of any other Bylaw). The Board of Directors shall also have the power to adopt, amend or repeal bylaws provided, however, that a bylaw amendment adopted by stockholders which specifies the votes that shall be necessary for the election of directors shall not be further amended or repealed by the Board of Directors. 
 - 24 - 

</EX-3.2>

<EX-4.3>
 3
 udemy-10xk_exx432023.htm
 EX-4.3

Document 

Exhibit 4.3 
 DESCRIPTION OF THE REGISTRANT S SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had one class of securities, our common stock, registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. These securities are listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol UDMY. 
 The following description of our common stock is a summary only and does not purport to be complete. It is qualified in its entirety by, and should be read in conjunction with, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws, both of which are filed as exhibits to our Annual Report on Form 10-K, as well as applicable provisions of Delaware law. 
 Authorized Capital Stock 
 Our authorized capital stock consists of 950,000,000 shares of common stock, par value 0.00001 per share, and 50,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value 0.00001 per share. 
 Common Stock 
 Dividends 
 Subject to preferences that may be applicable to any then-outstanding preferred stock, holders of our common stock are entitled to receive dividends, if any, as may be declared from time to time by our board of directors out of legally available funds. 
 Voting Rights 
 Each holder of common stock is entitled to one vote for each share on all matters submitted to a vote of the stockholders, including the election of directors. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws do not provide for cumulative voting rights. Because of this, the holders of a plurality of the shares of common stock entitled to vote in any election of directors can elect all of the directors standing for election, if they should so choose. With respect to matters other than the election of directors, at any meeting of the stockholders at which a quorum is present or represented, the affirmative vote of a majority of the voting power of the shares present in person or represented by proxy at such meeting and entitled to vote on the subject matter shall be the act of the stockholders, except as otherwise required by law. The holders of a majority of the stock issued and outstanding and entitled to vote, present in person or represented by proxy, shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business at all meetings of the stockholders. 
 Liquidation 
 In the event of our liquidation, dissolution, or winding up, holders of our common stock will be entitled to share ratably in the net assets legally available for distribution to stockholders after the payment of all of our debts and other liabilities and the satisfaction of any liquidation preference granted to the holders of any then-outstanding shares of preferred stock. 
 Rights and Preferences 

Holders of our common stock have no preemptive, conversion, subscription, or other rights, and there are no redemption or sinking fund provisions applicable to our common stock. The rights, preferences, and privileges of the holders of our common stock are subject to and 
 may be adversely affected by the rights of the holders of shares of any series of our preferred stock that we may designate in the future. 
 Fully Paid and Nonassessable 
 All of our outstanding shares of common stock are fully paid and nonassessable. 
 Preferred Stock 
 Our board of directors has the authority, without further action by the stockholders, to issue up to 50,000,000 shares of preferred stock in one or more series and to fix the rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions thereof. These rights, preferences and privileges could include dividend rights, conversion rights, voting rights, redemption rights, liquidation preferences, sinking fund terms, and the number of shares constituting any series or the designation of such series, any or all of which may be greater than the rights of common stock. The issuance of preferred stock could adversely affect the voting power of holders of common stock and the likelihood that such holders will receive dividend payments and payments upon liquidation. In addition, the issuance of preferred stock could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change in our control or other corporate action. We have no present plan to issue any shares of preferred stock. 
 Registration Rights 
 Certain holders of our common stock, or their transferees, have the right to require us to register the offer and sale of their shares under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), or to include their shares in any registration statement we file, in each case as described below. 
 Demand Registration Rights 
 At any time beginning after April 26, 2022, the holders of at least 30 of the shares having registration rights can request that we file a registration statement to register the offer and sale of their shares. We are only obligated to effect up to two such registrations. Each such request for registration must cover securities the anticipated aggregate gross proceeds of which, before deducting underwriting discounts and expenses, is at least 10 million. These demand registration rights are subject to specified conditions and limitations, including the right of the underwriters to limit the number of shares included in any such registration under certain circumstances. If we determine that it would be materially detrimental to us and our stockholders to effect such a demand registration, we have the right to defer such registration, not more than once in any twelve-month period, for a period of up to 90 days. 
 Form S-3 Registration Rights 
 At any time when we are eligible to file a registration statement on Form S-3, the holders of certain shares of our common stock can request that we register the offer and sale of their shares of our common stock on a registration statement on Form S-3 so long as the request covers securities of which the anticipated aggregate public offering price is at least 1.0 million. These stockholders may make an unlimited number of requests for registration on a registration statement on Form S-3. However, we will not be required to effect a registration on Form S-3 if we have effected two such registrations within the twelve-month period preceding the date of the 

request. These Form S-3 registration rights are subject to specified conditions and limitations, including the right of the underwriters to limit the number of shares included in any such registration under certain circumstances. Additionally, if we determine that it would be seriously detrimental to us and our stockholders to effect such a demand registration, we have the right to defer such registration, not more than once in any twelve-month period, for a period of up to 90 days. 
 Piggyback Registration Rights 
 If we propose to register the offer and sale of shares of our common stock under the Securities Act, certain holders of our common stock can request that we include their shares in such registration, subject to certain marketing and other limitations, including the right of the underwriters to limit the number of shares included in any such registration statement under certain circumstances. As a result, whenever we propose to file a registration statement under the Securities Act, other than with respect to (1) a registration related to any employee benefit plan or a corporate reorganization or other transaction covered by Rule 145 promulgated under the Securities Act, (2) a registration relating to the offer and sale of debt securities, (3) a registration on any registration form that does not permit secondary sales, or (4) a registration pursuant to the demand or Form S-3 registration rights described in the preceding two paragraphs above, the holders of these shares are entitled to notice of the registration and have the right, subject to certain limitations, to include their shares in the registration. 
 Expenses of Registration 
 We will pay all expenses relating to any demand registrations, Form S-3 registrations and piggyback registrations, subject to specified exceptions. 
 Termination 
 The registration rights described above terminate upon the earlier of (1) the closing of certain liquidation events or (2) the date that is five years after the closing of our initial public offering. 
 Anti-Takeover Effects of Certain Provisions of Delaware Law, Our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and Our Amended and Restated Bylaws 
 Certain provisions of Delaware law and certain provisions included in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws summarized below may be deemed to have an anti-takeover effect and may delay, deter, or prevent a tender offer or takeover attempt that a stockholder might consider to be in its best interests, including attempts that might result in a premium being paid over the market price for the shares held by stockholders. 
 Preferred Stock 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation contains provisions that permit our board of directors to issue, without any further vote or action by the stockholders, shares of preferred stock in one or more series and, with respect to each such series, to fix the number of shares constituting the series and the designation of the series, the voting rights (if any) of the shares of the series and the powers, preferences or relative, participation, optional and other special rights, if any, and any qualifications, limitations, or restrictions, of the shares of such series. 
 Classified Board 

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides for the division of our board of directors into three classes, designated Class I, Class II, and Class III. Each class is an equal number of directors, as nearly as possible, consisting of one-third of the total number of directors constituting the entire board of directors. The term of initial Class I directors shall terminate on the date of the 2022 annual meeting, the term of the initial Class II directors shall terminate on the date of the 2023 annual meeting, and the term of the initial Class III directors shall terminate on the date of the 2024 annual meeting. At each annual meeting of stockholders beginning in 2022, the class of directors whose term expires at that annual meeting will be subject to reelection for a three-year term. 
 Removal of Directors 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that stockholders may remove a director only for cause and only by the affirmative vote of the holders of at least a majority of the voting power of the issued and outstanding capital stock entitled to vote in the election of directors. 
 Director Vacancies and Newly Created Directorships 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that all vacancies and newly created directorships may only be filled by the affirmative vote of a majority of directors then in office, even if less than a quorum, or by a sole remaining director, except as otherwise required by law, our governing documents or resolution of our board of directors, and subject to the rights of holders of our preferred stock. 
 No Cumulative Voting 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that stockholders do not have the right to cumulate votes in the election of directors. 
 Special Meetings of Stockholders 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws provide that, except as otherwise required by law, special meetings of the stockholders may be called only by our board of directors acting pursuant to a resolution adopted by the majority of the entire board of directors, by the Chairperson of our board of directors, our Chief Executive Officer, or our President. 
 Advance Notice Procedures for Director Nominations 
 Our amended and restated bylaws provide that stockholders seeking to nominate candidates for election as directors at an annual or special meeting of stockholders must provide timely notice thereof in writing. To be timely, a stockholder s notice generally will have to be delivered to and received by our corporate secretary at our principal executive offices before notice of the meeting is issued by our corporate secretary, with such notice being served not less than 90 nor more than 120 days before the meeting. Such notice must contain certain representations of the candidate and other information as further detailed in our amended and restated bylaws. Although the amended and restated bylaws will not give the board of directors the power to approve or disapprove stockholder nominations of candidates to be elected at an annual meeting, the amended and restated bylaws may have the effect of precluding the conduct of certain business at a meeting if the proper procedures are not followed or may discourage or deter a potential acquirer from conducting a solicitation of proxies to elect its own slate of directors or otherwise attempting to obtain control of our company. 

Action by Written Consent 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws provide that any action to be taken by the stockholders must be effected at a duly called annual or special meeting of stockholders and may not be effected by written consent. 
 Exclusive Jurisdiction 
 Our amended and restated bylaws provide that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the sole and exclusive forum for (1) any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf, (2) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any of our directors, stockholders, officers, or other employees to us or our stockholders, (3) any action arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, and our amended and restated bylaws or (4) any other action asserting a claim that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine shall be the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware (or, if the Court of Chancery does not have jurisdiction, another state court in Delaware or the federal district court for the District of Delaware), except for, as to each of (1) through (4) above, any claim as to which such court determines that there is an indispensable party not subject to the jurisdiction of such court (and the indispensable party does not consent to the personal jurisdiction of such court within ten days following such determination), which is vested in the exclusive jurisdiction of a court or forum other than such court or for which such court does not have subject matter jurisdiction. This provision does not apply to any action brought to enforce a duty or liability created by the Exchange Act and inclusive of rules and regulations thereunder. 
 Our amended and restated bylaws also provide that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the federal district courts of the United States will be the sole and exclusive forum for resolving any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act. 
 Although we believe these provisions benefit us by providing increased consistency in the application of Delaware law for the specified types of actions and proceedings, the provisions may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against us or our directors and officers. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring or holding or owning (or continuing to hold or own) any interest in any of our securities shall be deemed to have notice of and consented to the foregoing bylaw provisions. Stockholders will not be deemed to have waived compliance with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder as a result of these exclusive forum provisions. 
 Amending our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and Amended and Restated Bylaws 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation may be amended or altered in any manner provided by the DGCL, except for any amendment or alteration relating to (1) the issuance of preferred stock, (2) the prohibition against cumulative voting, (3) the classification, election, resignation, and vacancies of directors, (4) annual or special meetings of the stockholders, and (5) the voting thresholds to amend or alter the certificate of incorporation, all which would require approval of a majority of our entire board and the affirmative vote of a two-thirds majority of our then outstanding common stock. Our amended and restated bylaws may be adopted, amended, altered, or repealed by stockholders only upon approval of at least a majority of the voting power of all the then outstanding shares of the common stock, except for any amendment or alteration of the provisions described above relating to (1) the classification, election, resignation, and vacancies of directors, (2) the indemnification of officers and directors, (3) forum selection, and (4) the voting thresholds to amend or alter the amended and restated 

bylaws, all which would require the approval of a two-thirds majority of our then outstanding common stock. Additionally, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provide that our amended and restated bylaws may be amended, altered, or repealed by the board of directors. 
 Authorized but Unissued Shares 
 Our authorized but unissued shares of common stock and preferred stock is available for future issuances without stockholder approval, except as required by the listing standards of Nasdaq, and could be used for a variety of corporate purposes, including future offerings to raise additional capital, acquisitions, and employee benefit plans. The existence of authorized but unissued and unreserved common stock and preferred stock could render more difficult or discourage an attempt to obtain control of our company by means of a proxy contest, tender offer, merger, or otherwise. 
 Business Combinations with Interested Stockholders 
 We are governed by Section 203 of the DGCL. Subject to certain exceptions, Section 203 of the DGCL prohibits a public Delaware corporation from engaging in a business combination (as defined in such section) with an interested stockholder (defined generally as any person who beneficially owns 15 or more of the outstanding voting stock of such corporation or any person affiliated with such person) for a period of three years following the time that such stockholder became an interested stockholder, unless (1) prior to such time the board of directors of such corporation approved either the business combination or the transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder (2) upon consummation of the transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, the interested stockholder owned at least 85 of the voting stock of such corporation at the time the transaction commenced (excluding for purposes of determining the voting stock of such corporation outstanding (but not the outstanding voting stock owned by the interested stockholder) those shares owned (a) by persons who are directors and also officers of such corporation and (b) by employee stock plans in which employee participants do not have the right to determine confidentially whether shares held subject to the plan will be tendered in a tender or exchange offer) or (3) at or subsequent to such time the business combination is approved by the board of directors of such corporation and authorized at a meeting of stockholders (and not by written consent) by the affirmative vote of at least 66 2 3 of the outstanding voting stock of such corporation not owned by the interested stockholder. 
 Transfer Agent and Registrar 
 The transfer agent and registrar for our common stock is American Stock Transfer & Trust Company, LLC. The transfer agent and registrar s address is 6201 15th Avenue, Brooklyn, New York 11219. 

</EX-4.3>

<EX-10.13>
 4
 udemy-offerletterxkarenfas.htm
 EX-10.13

Document 
 Exhibit 10.13 

 Udemy, Inc. Employment Letter 
 October 24, 2022 
 Karen Fascenda 
 
 Dear Karen 
 This letter agreement (this Agreement is entered into between Udemy, Inc. Udemy or the Company and you to confirm the terms and conditions of your employment. 
 1. Position . Your title will be Chief People Officer, reporting to the Company s Chief Executive Officer. This is a full-time position. Your work will be performed remotely from your home in Florida, although you will be expected to work from the Company s San Francisco headquarters one week per month along with the rest of the executive team. While you render services to the Company, you will not engage in any other employment, consulting, or other business activity (whether full time or part-time) directly related to the business in which Udemy is now involved or becomes involved during the term of your employment without the prior approval of the Company s Board of Directors (the Board ), nor will you engage in any other activities that conflict with your obligations to Udemy. By signing this Agreement, you confirm to the Company that you have no contractual commitments or other legal obligations that would prohibit you from performing your duties for the Company. Your employment start date will be mutually determined by you and the Company, but shall be no later than December 12, 2022. 
 2. Compensation and Benefits . 
 (a) Base Salary . Your annual base salary will be 400,000 per year, less applicable withholding, which will be paid in accordance with the Company s normal payroll procedures. 
 (b) Annual Bonus Opportunity . Your annual target bonus opportunity will be 50 of your annual base salary (the Target Bonus ). The Target Bonus shall be subject to review and may be adjusted based upon the Company s normal performance review practices. Your actual bonuses shall be based upon achievement of performance objectives to be determined by the Board in its sole and absolute discretion. Bonuses will be paid as soon as practicable after the Board determines that such bonuses have been earned, but in no event will a bonus be paid to you after the later of (i) the fifteenth (15th) day of the third (3rd) month following the close of the Company s fiscal year in which such bonus is earned or (ii) March 15 following the calendar year in which such bonus is earned. You will not be eligible to earn a bonus for the Company s fiscal year 2022. 
 (c) Employee Benefits . As a full-time employee, you will be eligible to participate in the Company s standard benefit plans as in effect from time to time, on the same basis as those benefit plans are generally made available to other similarly situated executives of the Company. Such benefit plans are subject to change, and may be supplemented, altered, or eliminated, in part or entirely. Any eligibility to participate in such benefits plans, as well as the terms thereof, shall be as set forth in the governing documents for such plans, or there are no such governing documents, in the Company s policies. 
 (d) Equity Awards . It will be recommended to the Board following your start date that Udemy grant you restricted stock units covering 340,000 shares of Udemy common 

stock (the RSUs ). You will be scheduled to vest in 25 of the RSUs 12 months after the date the RSUs are granted, subject to continued service with Udemy or one of its subsidiaries. No RSUs will vest before such date, and no rights to any vesting shall be earned or accrued prior to such date. The remaining RSUs will vest in equal quarterly installments over the next 36 months of continuous service, subject to your continued service with Udemy or one of its subsidiaries through each vesting date. This RSU grant will otherwise be subject to the terms and conditions of Udemy s equity incentive plan and RSU agreement in effect at the time of grant. No right to any shares of Udemy common stock issuable pursuant to the RSU grant will be earned or accrued until such time that vesting occurs, nor does this grant confer any right to continue vesting or employment with Udemy or its subsidiaries. 
 (e) Expenses . You will be entitled to receive prompt reimbursement for all reasonable expenses incurred by you in the furtherance of or in connection with the performance of your duties hereunder, in accordance with the applicable policy of the Company, as in effect from time to time. In the event that any expense reimbursements are taxable to you, such reimbursements will be made in the time frame specified by Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-3(i)(1)(iv) unless another time frame that complies with or is exempt from Section 409A is specified in the Company s expense reimbursement policy. 
 (f) Vacation . Udemy offers a flexible time off policy pursuant to which you can take a reasonable amount of paid time away from the office for vacation, illness, family emergencies, etc., as necessary. 
 (g) Signing Bonus . As soon as practicable following your start date, Udemy will pay you a 60,000 signing bonus, less applicable withholding taxes (the Signing Bonus ). You will be required to repay the Signing Bonus if within twelve months following your start date you resign your employment with Udemy for any reason or Udemy terminates your employment for Cause (as defined in the Severance Agreement). 
 3. Severance & Change in Control Benefits . In connection with executing this Agreement, you are also entering into the Change in Control and Severance Agreement between you and the Company (the Severance Agreement ), which is incorporated herein by reference. 
 4. Confidentiality . The Company employs you based upon your knowledge, background, experience, and skills and abilities and not because of your knowledge of any previous employer s trade secrets or other company specific information. As a condition of employment at the Company you agree not to disclose or use confidential or proprietary information or trade secrets of any current or prior employer, and that you will not in any way utilize any such information in performing your duties for the Company. In this regard, you may not bring to the Company any documents or other materials in tangible form belonging to or acquired from any prior employer. 
 5. Proprietary Information and Inventions Agreement . As an employee of the Company, you will have access to certain confidential information of the Company and you may, during the course of your employment, develop certain information or inventions that will be the property of the Company. To protect the interests of the Company, this offer is conditioned on your acceptance of the terms of the Company s At-Will Employment, Confidential Information, Invention Assignment, and Arbitration Agreement (the Confidentiality Agreement ). 
 6. At-Will Employment . You acknowledge and agree that your employment with the Company will be at-will employment and may be terminated at any time with or without cause or notice. You understand and agree that neither your job performance nor commendations, bonuses, or the like from the Company give rise to or in any way serve as the basis for modification, amendment, or extension, by implication or otherwise, of your 
 
 2 

employment with the Company. You further acknowledge and agree that the Company may modify job titles, salaries, and benefits from time to time as it deems necessary. However, as described in this Agreement, you may be eligible to receive severance benefits under the Severance Agreement depending on the circumstances of the termination of your employment with the Company. 
 7. Tax Matters . 
 (a) Withholding . All payments made under this Agreement shall be subject to reduction to reflect taxes or other charges required to be withheld by law, and you will be solely responsible for any and all taxes arising in connection with this Agreement and compensation paid or payable to you, including but not limited to any taxes, penalties and interest, if any, arising under Section 409A. 
 (b) Section 409A . The Company intends that all payments and benefits provided under this Agreement or otherwise are exempt from, or comply with, the requirements of Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and any final regulations and guidance thereunder and any applicable state law equivalent, as each may be amended or promulgated from time to time Section 409A so that none of the payments or benefits will be subject to the additional tax imposed under Section 409A, and any ambiguities will be interpreted to so be exempt or comply. Each payment and benefit payable under this Agreement is intended to constitute a separate payment for purposes of Section 1.409A-2(b)(2) of the Treasury Regulations. 
 (c) Tax Advice . You are encouraged to obtain your own tax advice regarding your compensation from the Company. You agree that the Company does not have a duty to design its compensation policies in a manner that minimizes your tax liabilities. 
 8. Entire Agreement, Amendment, and Enforcement . This Agreement, the Severance Agreement, and the Confidentiality Agreement supersede and replace any prior agreements, representations, or understandings (whether written, oral, implied, or otherwise) between you and the Company, and constitute the complete agreement between you and the Company regarding the subject matter set forth herein. This Agreement may not be amended or modified, except by an express written agreement signed by both you and a duly authorized officer of the Company. The validity, interpretation, construction, and performance of this Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of California without regard to the principles of conflict of laws thereof. 
 9. Miscellaneous . 
 (a) Arbitration . You agree that any and all controversies, claims, or disputes with anyone (including the Company and any employee, officer, director, shareholder or benefit plan of the Company in their capacity as such or otherwise) arising out of, relating to, or resulting from your service to the Company, will be subject to arbitration in accordance with the provisions of the Confidentiality Agreement. 
 (b) Successors . In addition to any obligations imposed by law upon any successor to the Company, the Company will require any successor (whether direct or indirect, by purchase, merger, consolidation, or otherwise) to all or substantially all of the business and or assets of the Company to expressly assume and agree to perform this Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent that the Company would be required to perform it if no such succession had taken place. 
 
 3 

(c) Validity . The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of this Agreement shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of this Agreement, which shall remain in full force and effect. 
 (d) Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in several counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original but all of which together will constitute one and the same instrument. 
 (e) Acknowledgment . You acknowledge that you have had the opportunity to discuss this Agreement with and obtain advice from your private attorney, have had sufficient time to, and have carefully read and fully understand all the provisions of this Agreement, and are knowingly and voluntarily entering into this Agreement. 
 (f) Other Matters . This offer is conditioned on your passing our background check, signing the Confidentiality Agreement, and providing proof of your eligibility to work in the United States. Prior to your start date, Udemy s People team will contact you with your onboarding information. The onboarding information will include both the Confidentiality Agreement for you to sign and an I-9 identification form to verify your employment authorization. 

4 

We are extremely excited about your continued employment with the Company! 
 Please indicate your acceptance of this Agreement, and confirmation that it contains our complete agreement regarding the terms and conditions of your employment, by signing the bottom portion of this Agreement and returning a copy to Elizabeth Shober. This offer will expire at the close of business on October 28, 2022. 
 
 Very truly yours, 
 
 s Gregg Coccari 
 
 Gregg Coccari 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 Udemy, Inc. 
 
 I have read and accept this Agreement 
 s Karen Fascenda 
 Karen Fascenda 
 
 Dated 10 30 2022 

5 

</EX-10.13>

<EX-10.14>
 5
 udemy-confirmatoryofferlet.htm
 EX-10.14

Document 
 Exhibit 10.14 

 Udemy, Inc. Confirmatory Employment Letter 
 February 1, 2023 
 Kenneth Hirschman 
 600 Harrison Street 
 San Francisco, CA 94107 
 
 Dear Ken 
 This letter agreement (the Agreement is entered into between Udemy, Inc. (the Company or we and you. This Agreement is effective as of the date signed below (the Effective Date ). The purpose of this Agreement is to confirm the current terms and conditions of your employment. 
 1. Position . Your current title is Senior Vice President, Operations & General Counsel of the Company. This is a full-time position, based out of our San Francisco office. While you render services to the Company, you will not engage in any other employment, consulting or other business activity (whether full time or part-time) directly related to the business in which Udemy is now involved or becomes involved during the term of your employment without the prior approval of the Company s Board of Directors (the Board ), nor will you engage in any other activities that conflict with your obligations to Udemy. By signing this Agreement, you confirm to the Company that you have no contractual commitments or other legal obligations that would prohibit you from performing your duties for the Company. 
 2. Compensation and Benefits . 
 (a) Base Salary . Your rate of annual base salary as of the Effective Date will be 397,000 per year, less applicable withholding, which will be paid in accordance with the Company s normal payroll procedures 
 (b) Annual Bonus Opportunity . Your annual target bonus opportunity following the Effective Date will be 50 of your annual base salary (the Target Bonus ). The Target Bonus shall be subject to review and may be adjusted based upon the Company s normal performance review practices. Your actual bonuses shall be based upon achievement of performance objectives to be determined by the Board in its sole and absolute discretion. Bonuses will be paid as soon as practicable after the Board determines that such bonuses have been earned, but in no event will a bonus be paid to you after the later of (i) the fifteenth (15th) day of the third (3rd) month following the close of the Company s fiscal year in which such bonus is earned or (ii) March 15 following the calendar year in which such bonus is earned. 
 (c) Employee Benefits . As a full-time employee, you will continue to be eligible to participate in the Company s standard benefit plans as in effect from time to time, on the same basis as those benefit plans are generally made available to other similarly situated executives of the Company. Such benefit plans are subject to change, and may be supplemented, altered, or eliminated, in part or entirely. Any eligibility to participate in such benefits plans, as well as the terms thereof, shall be as set forth in the governing documents for such plans, or there are no such governing documents, in the Company s policies. 

(d) Equity Awards . You will be eligible to receive compensatory equity awards such as stock options or restricted stock unit awards from the Company on the terms and conditions determined by the Board in its sole discretion. 
 (e) Expenses . You will be entitled to receive prompt reimbursement for all reasonable expenses incurred by you in the furtherance of or in connection with the performance of your duties hereunder, in accordance with the applicable policy of the Company, as in effect from time to time. In the event that any expense reimbursements are taxable to you, such reimbursements will be made in the time frame specified by Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-3(i)(1)(iv) unless another time frame that complies with or is exempt from Section 409A is specified in the Company s expense reimbursement policy. 
 (f) Vacation . Udemy offers a flexible time off policy pursuant to which you can take a reasonable amount of paid time away from the office for vacation, illness, family emergencies, etc., as necessary. 
 3. Severance & Change of Control Benefits . You and the Company have previously entered into the Change in Control and Severance Agreement dated September 1, 2021 (the Severance Agreement ), which is incorporated herein by reference. 
 4. Confidentiality . The Company employs you based upon your knowledge, background, experience and skills and abilities and not because of your knowledge of any previous employer s trade secrets or other company specific information. As a condition of employment at the Company you agree not to disclose or use confidential or proprietary information or trade secrets of any current or prior employer, and that you will not in any way utilize any such information in performing your duties for the Company. In this regard, you may not bring to the Company any documents or other materials in tangible form belonging to or acquired from any prior employer. 
 5. Proprietary Information and Inventions Agreement . As an employee of the Company, you will continue to have access to certain confidential information of the Company and you may, during the course of your employment, develop certain information or inventions that will be the property of the Company. To protect the interests of the Company, your acceptance of this Agreement reaffirms that the terms of the Company s At-Will Employment, Confidential Information, Invention Assignment, and Arbitration Agreement that you previously signed (the Confidentiality Agreement continue to be in effect. 
 6. At-Will Employment . You acknowledge and agree that your employment with the Company will be at-will employment and may be terminated at any time with or without cause or notice. You understand and agree that neither your job performance nor commendations, bonuses, or the like from the Company give rise to or in any way serve as the basis for modification, amendment, or extension, by implication or otherwise, of your employment with the Company. You further acknowledge and agree that the Company may modify job titles, salaries and benefits from time to time as it deems necessary. However, as described in this Agreement, you may be eligible to receive severance benefits under the Severance Agreement depending on the circumstances of the termination of your employment with the Company. 
 7. Tax Matters . 
 (a) Withholding . All payments made under this Agreement shall be subject to reduction to reflect taxes or other charges required to be withheld by law, and you will be solely responsible for any and all taxes arising in connection with this Agreement and compensation 
 
 2 

paid or payable to you, including but not limited to any taxes, penalties and interest, if any, arising under Section 409A. 
 (b) Section 409A . The Company intends that all payments and benefits provided under this Agreement or otherwise are exempt from, or comply with, the requirements of Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and any final regulations and guidance thereunder and any applicable state law equivalent, as each may be amended or promulgated from time to time Section 409A so that none of the payments or benefits will be subject to the additional tax imposed under Section 409A, and any ambiguities will be interpreted to so be exempt or comply. Each payment and benefit payable under this Agreement is intended to constitute a separate payment for purposes of Section 1.409A-2(b)(2) of the Treasury Regulations. 
 (c) Tax Advice . You are encouraged to obtain your own tax advice regarding your compensation from the Company. You agree that the Company does not have a duty to design its compensation policies in a manner that minimizes your tax liabilities. 
 8. Entire Agreement, Amendment and Enforcement . This Agreement, the Severance Agreement and the Confidentiality Agreement supersede and replace any prior agreements, representations or understandings (whether written, oral, implied or otherwise) between you and the Company, and constitute the complete agreement between you and the Company regarding the subject matter set forth herein. This Agreement may not be amended or modified, except by an express written agreement signed by both you and a duly authorized officer of the Company. The validity, interpretation, construction and performance of this Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of California without regard to the principles of conflict of laws thereof. 
 9. Miscellaneous . 
 (a) Arbitration . You agree that any and all controversies, claims, or disputes with anyone (including the Company and any employee, officer, director, shareholder or benefit plan of the Company in their capacity as such or otherwise) arising out of, relating to, or resulting from your service to the Company, will be subject to arbitration in accordance with the provisions of the Confidentiality Agreement. 
 (b) Successors . In addition to any obligations imposed by law upon any successor to the Company, the Company will require any successor (whether direct or indirect, by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise) to all or substantially all of the business and or assets of the Company to expressly assume and agree to perform this Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent that the Company would be required to perform it if no such succession had taken place. 
 (c) Validity . The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of this Agreement shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of this Agreement, which shall remain in full force and effect. 
 (d) Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in several counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original but all of which together will constitute one and the same instrument. 
 (e) Acknowledgment . You acknowledge that you have had the opportunity to discuss this Agreement with and obtain advice from your private attorney, have had sufficient time to, and have carefully read and fully understand all the provisions of this Agreement, and are knowingly and voluntarily entering into this Agreement. 
 
 3 

4 

We are extremely excited about your continued employment with the Company! 
 Please indicate your acceptance of this Agreement, and confirmation that it contains our complete agreement regarding the terms and conditions of your employment, by signing the bottom portion of this Agreement and returning a copy to me. 
 Very truly yours, 
 
 s Gregg Coccari 
 
 Gregg Coccari 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 Udemy, Inc. 
 
 I have read and accept this Agreement 
 s Ken Hirschman Kenneth Hirschman 
 Dated February 9, 2023 

5 

</EX-10.14>

<EX-10.15>
 6
 udemy-confirmatoryofferleta.htm
 EX-10.15

Document 
 Exhibit 10.15 

 Udemy, Inc. Confirmatory Employment Letter 
 February 1, 2023 
 Rich Qiu 
 600 Harrison Street 
 San Francisco, CA 94107 
 
 Dear Rich 
 This letter agreement (the Agreement is entered into between Udemy, Inc. (the Company or we and you. This Agreement is effective as of the date signed below (the Effective Date ). The purpose of this Agreement is to confirm the current terms and conditions of your employment. 
 1. Position . Your current title is President, New Ventures of the Company. This is a full-time, remote position, based out of Nevada. While you render services to the Company, you will not engage in any other employment, consulting or other business activity (whether full time or part-time) directly related to the business in which Udemy is now involved or becomes involved during the term of your employment without the prior approval of the Company s Board of Directors (the Board ), nor will you engage in any other activities that conflict with your obligations to Udemy. By signing this Agreement, you confirm to the Company that you have no contractual commitments or other legal obligations that would prohibit you from performing your duties for the Company. 
 2. Compensation and Benefits . 
 (a) Base Salary . Your rate of annual base salary as of the Effective Date will be 425,000 per year, less applicable withholding, which will be paid in accordance with the Company s normal payroll procedures 
 (b) Annual Bonus Opportunity . Your annual target bonus opportunity following the Effective Date will be 60 of your annual base salary (the Target Bonus ). The Target Bonus shall be subject to review and may be adjusted based upon the Company s normal performance review practices. Your actual bonuses shall be based upon achievement of performance objectives to be determined by the Board in its sole and absolute discretion. Bonuses will be paid as soon as practicable after the Board determines that such bonuses have been earned, but in no event will a bonus be paid to you after the later of (i) the fifteenth (15th) day of the third (3rd) month following the close of the Company s fiscal year in which such bonus is earned or (ii) March 15 following the calendar year in which such bonus is earned. 
 (c) Employee Benefits . As a full-time employee, you will continue to be eligible to participate in the Company s standard benefit plans as in effect from time to time, on the same basis as those benefit plans are generally made available to other similarly situated executives of the Company. Such benefit plans are subject to change, and may be supplemented, altered, or eliminated, in part or entirely. Any eligibility to participate in such benefits plans, as well as the terms thereof, shall be as set forth in the governing documents for such plans, or there are no such governing documents, in the Company s policies. 

(d) Equity Awards . You will be eligible to receive compensatory equity awards such as stock options or restricted stock unit awards from the Company on the terms and conditions determined by the Board in its sole discretion. 
 (e) Expenses . You will be entitled to receive prompt reimbursement for all reasonable expenses incurred by you in the furtherance of or in connection with the performance of your duties hereunder, in accordance with the applicable policy of the Company, as in effect from time to time. In the event that any expense reimbursements are taxable to you, such reimbursements will be made in the time frame specified by Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-3(i)(1)(iv) unless another time frame that complies with or is exempt from Section 409A is specified in the Company s expense reimbursement policy. 
 (f) Vacation . Udemy offers a flexible time off policy pursuant to which you can take a reasonable amount of paid time away from the office for vacation, illness, family emergencies, etc., as necessary. 
 3. Severance & Change of Control Benefits . You and the Company have previously entered into the Change in Control and Severance Agreement dated September 1, 2021 (the Severance Agreement ), which is incorporated herein by reference. 
 4. Confidentiality . The Company employs you based upon your knowledge, background, experience and skills and abilities and not because of your knowledge of any previous employer s trade secrets or other company specific information. As a condition of employment at the Company you agree not to disclose or use confidential or proprietary information or trade secrets of any current or prior employer, and that you will not in any way utilize any such information in performing your duties for the Company. In this regard, you may not bring to the Company any documents or other materials in tangible form belonging to or acquired from any prior employer. 
 5. Proprietary Information and Inventions Agreement . As an employee of the Company, you will continue to have access to certain confidential information of the Company and you may, during the course of your employment, develop certain information or inventions that will be the property of the Company. To protect the interests of the Company, your acceptance of this Agreement reaffirms that the terms of the Company s At-Will Employment, Confidential Information, Invention Assignment, and Arbitration Agreement that you previously signed (the Confidentiality Agreement continue to be in effect. 
 6. At-Will Employment . You acknowledge and agree that your employment with the Company will be at-will employment and may be terminated at any time with or without cause or notice. You understand and agree that neither your job performance nor commendations, bonuses, or the like from the Company give rise to or in any way serve as the basis for modification, amendment, or extension, by implication or otherwise, of your employment with the Company. You further acknowledge and agree that the Company may modify job titles, salaries and benefits from time to time as it deems necessary. However, as described in this Agreement, you may be eligible to receive severance benefits under the Severance Agreement depending on the circumstances of the termination of your employment with the Company. 
 7. Tax Matters . 
 (a) Withholding . All payments made under this Agreement shall be subject to reduction to reflect taxes or other charges required to be withheld by law, and you will be solely responsible for any and all taxes arising in connection with this Agreement and compensation 
 
 2 

paid or payable to you, including but not limited to any taxes, penalties and interest, if any, arising under Section 409A. 
 (b) Section 409A . The Company intends that all payments and benefits provided under this Agreement or otherwise are exempt from, or comply with, the requirements of Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and any final regulations and guidance thereunder and any applicable state law equivalent, as each may be amended or promulgated from time to time Section 409A so that none of the payments or benefits will be subject to the additional tax imposed under Section 409A, and any ambiguities will be interpreted to so be exempt or comply. Each payment and benefit payable under this Agreement is intended to constitute a separate payment for purposes of Section 1.409A-2(b)(2) of the Treasury Regulations. 
 (c) Tax Advice . You are encouraged to obtain your own tax advice regarding your compensation from the Company. You agree that the Company does not have a duty to design its compensation policies in a manner that minimizes your tax liabilities. 
 8. Entire Agreement, Amendment and Enforcement . This Agreement, the Severance Agreement and the Confidentiality Agreement supersede and replace any prior agreements, representations or understandings (whether written, oral, implied or otherwise) between you and the Company, and constitute the complete agreement between you and the Company regarding the subject matter set forth herein. This Agreement may not be amended or modified, except by an express written agreement signed by both you and a duly authorized officer of the Company. The validity, interpretation, construction and performance of this Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of California without regard to the principles of conflict of laws thereof. 
 9. Miscellaneous . 
 (a) Arbitration . You agree that any and all controversies, claims, or disputes with anyone (including the Company and any employee, officer, director, shareholder or benefit plan of the Company in their capacity as such or otherwise) arising out of, relating to, or resulting from your service to the Company, will be subject to arbitration in accordance with the provisions of the Confidentiality Agreement. 
 (b) Successors . In addition to any obligations imposed by law upon any successor to the Company, the Company will require any successor (whether direct or indirect, by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise) to all or substantially all of the business and or assets of the Company to expressly assume and agree to perform this Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent that the Company would be required to perform it if no such succession had taken place. 
 (c) Validity . The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of this Agreement shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of this Agreement, which shall remain in full force and effect. 
 (d) Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in several counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original but all of which together will constitute one and the same instrument. 
 (e) Acknowledgment . You acknowledge that you have had the opportunity to discuss this Agreement with and obtain advice from your private attorney, have had sufficient time to, and have carefully read and fully understand all the provisions of this Agreement, and are knowingly and voluntarily entering into this Agreement. 
 
 3 

4 

We are extremely excited about your continued employment with the Company! 
 Please indicate your acceptance of this Agreement, and confirmation that it contains our complete agreement regarding the terms and conditions of your employment, by signing the bottom portion of this Agreement and returning a copy to me. 
 Very truly yours, 
 
 s Gregg Coccari 
 
 Gregg Coccari 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 Udemy, Inc. 
 
 I have read and accept this Agreement 
 s Rich Qiu Rich Qiu 
 Dated February 9. 2023 

5 

</EX-10.15>

<EX-10.22>
 7
 udemy-cicxkarenfascenda.htm
 EX-10.22

Document 
 Exhibit 10.22 

 UDEMY, INC. 
 CHANGE IN CONTROL AND SEVERANCE AGREEMENT 
 This Change in Control and Severance Agreement (this Agreement is made between Udemy, Inc. (the Company and Karen Fascenda (the Executive ), effective as of the Executive s first day of employment with the Company (the Effective Date ). 
 This Agreement provides certain protections to the Executive in connection with a change in control of the Company or in connection with the involuntary termination of the Executive s employment under the circumstances described in this Agreement. 
 The Company and the Executive agree as follows 
 1. Term of Agreement . This Agreement will have an initial term commencing on the Effective Date and ending on September 1, 2024 (the Initial Term ). At the end of the Initial Term and each third (3rd) anniversary thereafter, this Agreement will renew automatically for additional, three (3) year terms (each, an Additional Term unless either party provides the other party with written notice of nonrenewal at least sixty (60) days prior to the date of automatic renewal. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a Change in Control occurs when there are fewer than twelve (12) months remaining during the Initial Term or Additional Term, as applicable, the term of this Agreement will extend automatically through the date that is twelve (12) months following the date of the Change in Control. If the Executive becomes entitled to the benefits under Section 3 of this Agreement, then the Agreement will not terminate until all of the obligations of the parties hereto with respect to this Agreement have been satisfied. 
 2. At-Will Employment . The Company and the Executive acknowledge that the Executive s employment is and will continue to be at-will, as defined under applicable law. 
 3. Severance Benefits . 
 (a) Qualifying Non-CIC Termination . On a Qualifying Non-CIC Termination (as defined below), the Executive will be eligible to receive the following payments and benefits from the Company 
 (i) Severance . A single, lump sum payment equal to six (6) months of the Executive s Salary (as defined below), less applicable withholdings. 
 (ii) COBRA Coverage . Subject to Section 3(d), the Company will pay the premiums for coverage under COBRA (as defined below) for the Executive and the Executive s eligible dependents, if any, at the rates then in effect, subject to any subsequent changes in rates that are generally applicable to the Company s active employees (the COBRA Coverage ), until the earliest of (A) a period of six (6) months from the date of the Executive s termination of employment, (B) the date upon which the Executive (and the Executive s eligible dependents, as applicable) becomes covered under similar plans, or (C) the date upon which the Executive ceases to be eligible for coverage under COBRA. 

(b) Qualifying CIC Termination . On a Qualifying CIC Termination, the Executive will be eligible to receive the following payments and benefits from the Company 
 (i) Severance . A single, lump sum payment equal to twelve (12) months of the Executive s Salary plus 100 of the Executive s Target Bonus, less applicable withholdings. 
 (ii) COBRA Coverage . Subject to Section 3(d), the Company will provide COBRA Coverage until the earliest of (A) a period of twelve (12) months from the date of the Executive s termination of employment, (B) the date upon which the Executive (and the Executive s eligible dependents, as applicable) becomes covered under similar plans, or (C) the date upon which the Executive ceases to be eligible for coverage under COBRA. 
 (iii) Equity Vesting Acceleration . Vesting acceleration (and exercisability, as applicable) as to 100 of the then-unvested shares subject to each of the Executive s then-outstanding compensatory equity awards issued by the Company. In the case of an equity award with performance-based vesting, unless otherwise specified in the applicable equity award agreement governing such award, all performance goals and other vesting criteria will be deemed achieved at target. 
 (c) Termination Other Than a Qualifying Termination . If the termination of the Executive s employment with the Company Group is not a Qualifying Termination, then the Executive will not be entitled to receive severance or other benefits. 
 (d) Conditions to Receipt of COBRA Coverage . The Executive s receipt of COBRA Coverage is subject to the Executive electing COBRA continuation coverage within the time period prescribed pursuant to COBRA for the Executive and the Executive s eligible dependents, if any. If the Company determines in its sole discretion that it cannot provide the COBRA Coverage without potentially violating, or being subject to an excise tax under, applicable law (including, without limitation, Section 2716 of the Public Health Service Act), then in lieu of any COBRA Coverage, the Company will provide to the Executive a taxable monthly payment payable on the last day of a given month (except as provided by the immediately following sentence), in an amount equal to the monthly COBRA premium that the Executive would be required to pay to continue his or her group health coverage in effect on the date of his or her Qualifying Termination (which amount will be based on the premium rates applicable for the first month of COBRA Coverage for the Executive and any of eligible dependents of the Executive) (each, a COBRA Replacement Payment ), which COBRA Replacement Payments will be made regardless of whether the Executive elects COBRA continuation coverage and will end on the earlier of (x) the date upon which the Executive obtains other employment or (y) the date the Company has paid an amount totaling the number of COBRA Replacement Payments equal to the number of months in the applicable COBRA Coverage period. For the avoidance of doubt, the COBRA Replacement Payments may be used for any purpose, including, but not limited to continuation coverage under COBRA, and will be subject to any applicable withholdings. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary under this Agreement, if the Company determines in its sole discretion at any time that it cannot provide the COBRA Replacement Payments without violating applicable law (including, without limitation, Section 2716 of the Public Health Service Act), the Executive will not receive the COBRA Replacement Payments or any further COBRA Coverage. 
 (e) Non-Duplication of Payment or Benefits . For purposes of clarity, in the event of a Qualifying Pre-CIC Termination, any severance payments and benefits to be provided to the Executive under Section 3(b) will be reduced by any amounts that already were provided to the Executive under Section 3(a). Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, if the 
 
 2 

Executive is entitled to any cash severance, continued health coverage benefits, or vesting acceleration of any equity awards (other than under this Agreement) by operation of applicable law or under a plan, policy, contract, or arrangement sponsored by or to which any member of the Company Group is a party Other Benefits ), then the corresponding severance payments and benefits under this Agreement will be reduced by the amount of Other Benefits paid or provided to the Executive. 
 (f) Death of the Executive . In the event of the Executive s death before all payments or benefits the Executive is entitled to receive under this Agreement have been provided, the unpaid amounts will be provided to the Executive s designated beneficiary, if living, or otherwise to the Executive s personal representative in a single lump sum as soon as possible following the Executive s death. 
 (g) Transfer Between Members of the Company Group . For purposes of this Agreement, if the Executive is involuntarily transferred from one member of the Company Group to another, the transfer will not be a termination without Cause but may give the Executive the ability to resign for Good Reason. 
 (h) Exclusive Remedy . In the event of a termination of the Executive s employment with the Company Group, the provisions of this Agreement are intended to be and are exclusive and in lieu of any other rights or remedies to which the Executive may otherwise be entitled, whether at law, tort or contract, or in equity. The Executive will be entitled to no benefits, compensation or other payments or rights upon termination of employment other than those benefits expressly set forth in this Agreement. 
 4. Accrued Compensation . On any termination of the Executive s employment with the Company Group, the Executive will be entitled to receive all accrued but unpaid vacation, expense reimbursements, wages, and other benefits due to the Executive under any Company-provided plans, policies, and arrangements. 
 5. Conditions to Receipt of Severance . 
 (a) Separation Agreement and Release of Claims . The Executive s receipt of any severance payments or benefits upon the Executive s Qualifying Termination under Section 3 is subject to the Executive signing and not revoking the Company s then-standard separation agreement and release of claims (which may include an agreement not to disparage any member of the Company Group, non-solicit provisions, an agreement to assist in any litigation matters, and other standard terms and conditions) (the Release and that requirement, the Release Requirement ), which must become effective and irrevocable no later than the sixtieth (60 th day following the Executive s Qualifying Termination (the Release Deadline ). If the Release does not become effective and irrevocable by the Release Deadline, the Executive will forfeit any right to severance payments or benefits under Section 3. 
 (b) Payment Timing . Any lump sum severance payment under Section 3(a)(i) or 3(b)(i) will be provided on the first regularly scheduled payroll date of the Company following the date the Release becomes effective and irrevocable (the Severance Start Date ), subject to any delay required by Section 5(d) below. Any taxable installments of any COBRA-related severance benefits that otherwise would have been made to the Executive on or before the Severance Start Date will be paid on the Severance Start Date, and any remaining installments thereafter will be provided as specified in the Agreement. Any restricted stock units, performance shares, performance units, and or similar full value awards that accelerate vesting under Section 3 will be settled (x) on a date no later 
 
 3 

than ten (10) days following the date the Release becomes effective and irrevocable, or (y) if later, in the event of a Qualifying Pre-CIC Termination, on a date no later than the Change in Control. 
 (c) Return of Company Property . The Executive s receipt of any severance payments or benefits upon the Executive s Qualifying Termination under Section 3 is subject to the Executive returning all documents and other property provided to the Executive by any member of the Company Group (with the exception of a copy of the Company employee handbook and personnel documents specifically relating to the Executive), developed or obtained by the Executive in connection with his or her employment with the Company Group, or otherwise belonging to the Company Group. 
 (d) Section 409A . The Company intends that all payments and benefits provided under this Agreement or otherwise are exempt from, or comply with, the requirements of Section 409A of the Code and any guidance promulgated under Section 409A of the Code (collectively, Section 409A so that none of the payments or benefits will be subject to the additional tax imposed under Section 409A, and any ambiguities in this Agreement will be interpreted in accordance with this intent. No payment or benefits to be paid to the Executive, if any, under this Agreement or otherwise, when considered together with any other severance payments or separation benefits that are considered deferred compensation under Section 409A (together, the Deferred Payments will be paid or otherwise provided until the Executive has a separation from service within the meaning of Section 409A. If, at the time of the Executive s termination of employment, the Executive is a specified employee within the meaning of Section 409A, then the payment of the Deferred Payments will be delayed to the extent necessary to avoid the imposition of the additional tax imposed under Section 409A, which generally means that the Executive will receive payment on the first payroll date that occurs on or after the date that is six (6) months and one (1) day following the Executive s termination of employment. The Company reserves the right to amend this Agreement as it considers necessary or advisable, in its sole discretion and without the consent of the Executive or any other individual, to comply with any provision required to avoid the imposition of the additional tax imposed under Section 409A or to otherwise avoid income recognition under Section 409A prior to the actual payment of any benefits or imposition of any additional tax. Each payment, installment, and benefit payable under this Agreement is intended to constitute a separate payment for purposes of U.S. Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-2(b)(2). In no event will any member of the Company Group reimburse, indemnify, or hold harmless the Executive for any taxes, penalties and interest that may be imposed, or other costs that may be incurred, as a result of Section 409A. 
 (e) Resignation of Officer and Director Positions . The Executive s receipt of any severance payments or benefits upon the Executive s Qualifying Termination under Section 3 is subject to the Executive resigning from all officer and director positions with all members of the Company Group and the Executive executing any documents the Company may require in connection with the same. 
 6. Limitation on Payments . 
 (a) Reduction of Severance Benefits . If any payment or benefit that the Executive would receive from any Company Group member or any other party whether in connection with the provisions in this Agreement or otherwise (the Payment would (i) constitute a parachute payment within the meaning of Section 280G of the Code and (ii) but for this sentence, be subject to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code (the Excise Tax ), then the Payment will be equal to the Best Results Amount. The Best Results Amount will be either (x) the full amount of the Payment or (y) a lesser amount that would result in no portion of the Payment being subject to the Excise Tax, whichever of those amounts, taking into account the applicable federal, state, and local employment 
 
 4 

taxes, income taxes, and the Excise Tax, results in the Executive s receipt, on an after-tax basis, of the greater amount. If a reduction in payments or benefits constituting parachute payments is necessary so that the Payment equals the Best Results Amount, reduction will occur in the following order (A) reduction of cash payments in reverse chronological order (that is, the cash payment owed on the latest date following the occurrence of the event triggering the Excise Tax will be the first cash payment to be reduced) (B) cancellation of equity awards that were granted contingent on a change in ownership or control within the meaning of Section 280G of the Code in the reverse order of date of grant of the awards (that is, the most recently granted equity awards will be cancelled first) (C) reduction of the accelerated vesting of equity awards in the reverse order of date of grant of the awards (that is, the vesting of the most recently granted equity awards will be cancelled first) and (D) reduction of employee benefits in reverse chronological order (that is, the benefit owed on the latest date following the occurrence of the event triggering the Excise Tax will be the first benefit to be reduced). In no event will the Executive have any discretion with respect to the ordering of Payment reductions. The Executive will be solely responsible for the payment of all personal tax liability that is incurred as a result of the payments and benefits received under this Agreement, and the Executive will not be reimbursed, indemnified, or held harmless by any member of the Company Group for any of those payments of personal tax liability. 
 (b) Determination of Excise Tax Liability . Unless the Company and the Executive otherwise agree in writing, the Company will select a professional services firm (the Firm to make all determinations required under this Section 6, which determinations will be conclusive and binding upon the Executive and the Company for all purposes. For purposes of making the calculations required by this Section 6, the Firm may make reasonable assumptions and approximations concerning applicable taxes and may rely on reasonable, good faith interpretations concerning the application of Sections 280G and 4999 of the Code. The Company and the Executive will furnish to the Firm such information and documents as the Firm reasonably may request in order to make determinations under this Section 6. The Company will bear the costs and make all payments for the Firm s services in connection with any calculations contemplated by this Section 6. The Company will have no liability to the Executive for the determinations of the Firm. 
 7. Definitions . The following terms referred to in this Agreement will have the following meanings 
 (a) Board means the Company s Board of Directors. 
 (b) Cause means the occurrence of any of the following (i) the Executive s willful and continued failure to perform the Executive s assigned duties or responsibilities as an employee of the Company (other than a failure resulting from the Executive s disability) after written notice from the Company describing the basis for the Company s belief that the Executive has failed to perform such duties or responsibilities, and not remedying such failure within thirty (30) days of the Executive s receipt of such notice (ii) the Executive engaging in any act of dishonesty, fraud, or misrepresentation in connection with the Executive s responsibilities as a Company employee that results in substantial harm to the Company s reputation or business (iii) the Executive s violation of any federal or state law or regulation applicable to the business of the Company or its affiliates that results in substantial harm to the Company s reputation or business (iv) the Executive s unauthorized use or disclosure of any proprietary information or trade secrets of the Company or (v) the Executive being convicted of, or entering a plea of nolo contendere to, a felony. 
 (c) Change in Control means the occurrence of any of the following events 
 
 5 

(i) A change in the ownership of the Company which occurs on the date that any one person, or more than one person acting as a group Person ), acquires ownership of the stock of the Company that, together with the stock held by such Person, constitutes more than fifty (50 of the total voting power of the stock of the Company provided , however , that for purposes of this subsection, (A) the acquisition of additional stock by any one Person who is considered to own more than fifty percent (50 of the total voting power of the stock of the Company will not be considered a Change in Control and (B) if the stockholders of the Company immediately before such change in ownership continue to retain immediately after the change in ownership, in substantially the same proportions as their ownership of shares of the Company s voting stock immediately prior to the change in ownership, the direct or indirect beneficial ownership of fifty percent (50 or more of the total voting power of the stock of the Company or of the ultimate parent entity of the Company, such event will not be considered a Change in Control under this subsection (i). For this purpose, indirect beneficial ownership will include, without limitation, an interest resulting from ownership of the voting securities of one or more corporations or other business entities which own the Company, as the case may be, either directly or through one or more subsidiary corporations or other business entities 
 (ii) A change in the effective control of the Company which occurs on the date that a majority of members of the Board is replaced during any twelve (12) month period by members of the Board whose appointment or election is not endorsed by a majority of the members of the Board prior to the date of the appointment or election. For purposes of this subsection (ii), if any Person is considered to be in effective control of the Company, the acquisition of additional control of the Company by the same Person will not be considered a Change in Control or 
 (iii) A change in the ownership of a substantial portion of the Company s assets which occurs on the date that any Person acquires (or has acquired during the twelve (12) month period ending on the date of the most recent acquisition by such person or persons) assets from the Company that have a total gross fair market value equal to or more than fifty percent (50 of the total gross fair market value of all of the assets of the Company immediately prior to such acquisition or acquisitions provided , however , that for purposes of this subsection (iii), the following will not constitute a change in the ownership of a substantial portion of the Company s assets (A) a transfer to an entity that is controlled by the Company s stockholders immediately after the transfer, or (B) a transfer of assets by the Company to (1) a stockholder of the Company (immediately before the asset transfer) in exchange for or with respect to the Company s stock, (2) an entity, fifty percent (50 or more of the total value or voting power of which is owned, directly or indirectly, by the Company, (3) a Person that owns, directly or indirectly, fifty percent (50 or more of the total value or voting power of all the outstanding stock of the Company, or (4) an entity, at least fifty percent (50 of the total value or voting power of which is owned, directly or indirectly, by a Person described in this subsection (iii)(B). For purposes of this subsection (iii), gross fair market value means the value of the assets of the Company, or the value of the assets being disposed of, determined without regard to any liabilities associated with such assets. 
 For purposes of this definition, persons will be considered to be acting as a group if they are owners of a corporation that enters into a merger, consolidation, purchase or acquisition of stock, or similar business transaction with the Company. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a transaction will not be deemed a Change in Control unless the transaction qualifies as a change in control event within the meaning of Section 409A. Further and for the avoidance of doubt, a transaction will not constitute a Change in Control if its sole purpose is to either (i) change the state of the Company s incorporation or 
 
 6 

(ii) create a holding company that will be owned in substantially the same proportions by the persons who held the Company s securities immediately before such transaction. 
 (d) Change in Control Period means the period beginning three (3) months prior to a Change in Control and ending twelve (12) months following a Change in Control. 
 (e) COBRA means the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985, as amended. 
 (f) Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 
 (g) Company Group means the Company and any subsidiaries of the Company. 
 (h) Confidentiality Agreement means the At-Will Employment, Confidential Information, Invention Assignment, and Arbitration Agreement that you previously signed. 
 (i) Disability means a total and permanent disability as defined in Section 22(e)(3) of the Code. 
 (j) Good Reason means the termination of the Executive s employment with the Company Group by the Executive in accordance with the next sentence after the occurrence of one or more of the following events without the Executive s express written consent 
 (i) A material reduction of the Executive s authority or responsibilities relative to the Executive s authority or responsibilities in effect immediately prior to such reduction provided , however , that continued employment following a Change in Control with substantially the same duties, authorities, or responsibilities with respect to the Company s business and operations as in effect immediately prior to the Change in Control will not constitute Good Reason (for example, Good Reason does not exist if the Executive is employed by the parent corporation or any entity within a group of controlled corporations including the Company or its assets (the Parent Group with substantially the same duties, authorities, or responsibilities with respect to the Company s business that the Executive had immediately prior to the Change in Control regardless of whether the Executive s title is revised to reflect the Executive s placement within the overall corporate hierarchy of the Parent Group or whether the Executive provides services to a subsidiary, affiliate, business unit, or otherwise) 
 (ii) A material reduction of the Executive s base salary or bonus opportunity, except for reductions that are in proportion to any salary bonus reduction program approved by the Board that affects a majority of the senior executives of the Company provided , however , that an aggregate reduction of 10 or less will in no instance be deemed material 
 (iii) A material change in the geographic location at which the Executive must perform services (for purposes of this Agreement, the Executive s relocation to a facility or a location less than thirty (30) miles from the Executive s then-present location will not be considered a material change in geographic location) or 
 (iv) Any material breach by the Company of any material provision of this Agreement. 
 
 7 

In order for the termination of the Executive s employment with a Company Group member to be for Good Reason, the Executive must not terminate employment without first providing the Company with written notice of the acts or omissions constituting the grounds for Good Reason within ninety (90) days of the initial existence of the grounds for Good Reason and a reasonable cure period of not less than thirty (30) days following the date of such notice. 
 (k) Qualifying Pre-CIC Termination means a Qualifying CIC Termination that occurs prior to the date of the Change in Control. 
 (l) Qualifying Termination means a termination of the Executive s employment either (i) by a Company Group member without Cause (excluding by reason of the Executive s death or Disability) or (ii) by the Executive for Good Reason, in either case, during the Change in Control Period (a Qualifying CIC Termination or outside of the Change in Control Period (a Qualifying Non-CIC Termination ). 
 (m) Salary means the Executive s annual base salary as in effect immediately prior to the Executive s Qualifying Termination (or if the termination is due to a resignation for Good Reason based on a material reduction in base salary, then the Executive s annual base salary in effect immediately prior to the reduction) or, if the Executive s Qualifying Termination is a Qualifying CIC Termination and the amount is greater, at the level in effect immediately prior to the Change in Control. 
 (n) Target Bonus means the Executive s annual (or annualized, as applicable) target bonus in effect immediately prior to the Executive s Qualifying Termination or, if the Executive s Qualifying Termination occurs during the Change in Control Period and the amount is greater, the Executive s annual (or annualized, if applicable) target bonus in effect immediately prior to the Change in Control. 
 8. Successors . This Agreement will be binding upon and inure to the benefit of (a) the heirs, executors, and legal representatives of the Executive upon the Executive s death, and (b) any successor of the Company. Any such successor of the Company will be deemed substituted for the Company under the terms of this Agreement for all purposes. For this purpose, successor means any person, firm, corporation, or other business entity which at any time, whether by purchase, merger, or otherwise, directly or indirectly acquires all or substantially all of the assets or business of the Company. None of the rights of the Executive to receive any form of compensation payable pursuant to this Agreement may be assigned or transferred except by will or the laws of descent and distribution. Any other attempted assignment, transfer, conveyance, or other disposition of the Executive s right to compensation or other benefits will be null and void. 
 9. Notice . 
 (a) General . All notices and other communications required or permitted under this Agreement shall be in writing and will be effectively given (i) upon actual delivery to the party to be notified, (ii) upon transmission by email, (iii) twenty-four (24) hours after confirmed facsimile transmission, (iv) one (1) business day after deposit with a recognized overnight courier, or (v) three (3) business days after deposit with the U.S. Postal Service by first class certified or registered mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, addressed (A) if to the Executive, at the address the Executive shall have most recently furnished to the Company in writing, and (B) if to the Company, at the following address 
 
 8 

Udemy, Inc. 
 600 Harrison Street, 3 rd Floor 
 San Francisco, CA 94107 
 Attention General Counsel 
 (b) Notice of Termination . Any termination by a Company Group member for Cause will be communicated by a notice of termination to the Executive, and any termination by the Executive for Good Reason will be communicated by a notice of termination to the Company, in each case given in accordance with Section 9(a) of this Agreement. The notice will indicate the specific termination provision in this Agreement relied upon, will set forth in reasonable detail the facts and circumstances claimed to provide a basis for termination under the provision so indicated, and will specify the termination date (which will be not more than thirty (30) days after the giving of the notice). 
 10. Resignation . The termination of the Executive s employment for any reason will also constitute, without any further required action by the Executive, the Executive s voluntary resignation from all officer and or director positions held at any member of the Company Group, and at the Board s request, the Executive will execute any documents reasonably necessary to reflect the resignations. 
 11. Miscellaneous Provisions . 
 (a) No Duty to Mitigate . The Executive will not be required to mitigate the amount of any payment contemplated by this Agreement, nor will any payment be reduced by any earnings that the Executive may receive from any other source except as specified in Section 3(e). 
 (b) Waiver Amendment . No provision of this Agreement will be modified, waived, or discharged unless the modification, waiver, or discharge is agreed to in writing and signed by an authorized officer of the Company (other than the Executive) and by the Executive. No waiver by either party of any breach of, or of compliance with, any condition or provision of this Agreement by the other party will be considered a waiver of any other condition or provision or of the same condition or provision at another time. 
 (c) Headings . All captions and section headings used in this Agreement are for convenient reference only and do not form a part of this Agreement. 
 (d) Entire Agreement . This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement of the parties and supersedes in their entirety all prior representations, understandings, undertakings, or agreements (whether oral or written and whether expressed or implied) of the parties with respect to the subject matter of this Agreement, including, for the avoidance of doubt, any other employment letter or agreement, severance policy or program, or equity award agreement. 
 (e) Governing Law . This Agreement will be governed by the laws of the State of California without regard to its conflict of law provisions. To the extent that any lawsuit is permitted under this Agreement, Employee hereby expressly consents to the personal and exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the state courts located in San Francisco County, California, or the US federal courts for the Northern District of California, and no other courts, regardless of where Employee s services are performed. 
 (f) Arbitration . Any and all controversies, claims, or disputes with anyone under this Agreement (including the Company and any employee, officer, director, stockholder or benefit 
 
 9 

plan of the Company in their capacity as such or otherwise) arising out of, relating to, or resulting from the Executive s employment with the Company Group, shall be subject to arbitration in accordance with the provisions of the Confidentiality Agreement. 
 (g) Severability . The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision or provisions of this Agreement will not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of this Agreement, which will remain in full force and effect. 
 (h) Withholding . All payments and benefits under this Agreement will be paid less applicable withholding taxes. The Company is authorized to withhold from any payments or benefits all federal, state, local, and or foreign taxes required to be withheld from the payments or benefits and make any other required payroll deductions. No member of the Company Group will pay the Executive s taxes arising from or relating to any payments or benefits under this Agreement. 
 (i) Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which will be deemed an original, but all of which together will constitute one and the same instrument. 
 Signature page follows 

10 

By its signature below, each of the parties signifies its acceptance of the terms of this Agreement, in the case of the Company by its duly authorized officer. 
 
 UDEMY, INC. 
 By s Gregg Coccari 
 Name Gregg Coccari 
 Title Chief Executive Office 
 Date 10 30 2022 
 
 EXECUTIVE 
 By s Karen Fascenda 
 Name Karen Fascenda 
 Date 10 30 2022 

11 

</EX-10.22>

<EX-10.23>
 8
 udemy-cicxkennethhirschman.htm
 EX-10.23

Document 
 Exhibit 10.23 

 UDEMY, INC. 
 CHANGE IN CONTROL AND SEVERANCE AGREEMENT 
 This Change in Control and Severance Agreement (this Agreement is made between Udemy, Inc. (the Company and Kenneth Hirschman (the Executive ), effective as of September 1, 2021 (the Effective Date ). 
 This Agreement provides certain protections to the Executive in connection with a change in control of the Company or in connection with the involuntary termination of the Executive s employment under the circumstances described in this Agreement. 
 The Company and the Executive agree as follows 
 1. Term of Agreement . This Agreement will have an initial term of three (3) years commencing on the Effective Date (the Initial Term ). On the third (3rd) anniversary of the Effective Date and each third (3rd) anniversary thereafter, this Agreement will renew automatically for additional, three (3) year terms (each, an Additional Term unless either party provides the other party with written notice of nonrenewal at least sixty (60) days prior to the date of automatic renewal. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a Change in Control occurs when there are fewer than twelve (12) months remaining during the Initial Term or Additional Term, as applicable, the term of this Agreement will extend automatically through the date that is twelve (12) months following the date of the Change in Control. If the Executive becomes entitled to the benefits under Section 3 of this Agreement, then the Agreement will not terminate until all of the obligations of the parties hereto with respect to this Agreement have been satisfied. 
 2. At-Will Employment . The Company and the Executive acknowledge that the Executive s employment is and will continue to be at-will, as defined under applicable law. 
 3. Severance Benefits . 
 (a) Qualifying Non-CIC Termination . On a Qualifying Non-CIC Termination (as defined below), the Executive will be eligible to receive the following payments and benefits from the Company 
 (i) Severance . A single, lump sum payment equal to the sum of (A) six (6) months of the Executive s Salary (as defined below) plus (B) an amount equal to the Executive s prorated Target Bonus (as defined below), with such prorated Target Bonus to be calculated by multiplying the Executive s Target Bonus by a fraction, (x) the numerator of which is the number of days during which the Executive was employed with the Company in the calendar year in which such termination occurs, and (y) the denominator of which is three hundred sixty-five (365), less applicable withholdings. 
 (ii) COBRA Coverage . Subject to Section 3(d), the Company will pay the premiums for coverage under COBRA (as defined below) for the Executive and the Executive s eligible dependents, if any, at the rates then in effect, subject to any subsequent changes in rates that are generally applicable to the Company s active employees (the COBRA Coverage ), until the earliest of (A) a period of six (6) months from the date of the Executive s termination of employment, (B) the date upon which the Executive (and the Executive s eligible dependents, as applicable) becomes covered under similar plans, or (C) the date upon which the Executive ceases to be eligible for coverage under COBRA. 

(b) Qualifying CIC Termination . On a Qualifying CIC Termination, the Executive will be eligible to receive the following payments and benefits from the Company 
 (i) Severance . A single, lump sum payment equal to twelve (12) months of the Executive s Salary plus 100 of the Executive s Target Bonus, less applicable withholdings. 
 (ii) COBRA Coverage . Subject to Section 3(d), the Company will provide COBRA Coverage until the earliest of (A) a period of twelve (12) months from the date of the Executive s termination of employment, (B) the date upon which the Executive (and the Executive s eligible dependents, as applicable) becomes covered under similar plans, or (C) the date upon which the Executive ceases to be eligible for coverage under COBRA. 
 (iii) Equity Vesting Acceleration . Vesting acceleration (and exercisability, as applicable) as to 100 of the then-unvested shares subject to each of the Executive s then-outstanding compensatory equity awards issued by the Company. In the case of an equity award with performance-based vesting, unless otherwise specified in the applicable equity award agreement governing such award, all performance goals and other vesting criteria will be 
 (c) Termination Other Than a Qualifying Termination . If the termination of the Executive s employment with the Company Group is not a Qualifying Termination, then the Executive will not be entitled to receive severance or other benefits. 
 (d) Conditions to Receipt of COBRA Coverage . The Executive s receipt of COBRA Coverage is subject to the Executive electing COBRA continuation coverage within the time period prescribed pursuant to COBRA for the Executive and the Executive s eligible dependents, if any. If the Company determines in its sole discretion that it cannot provide the COBRA Coverage without potentially violating, or being subject to an excise tax under, applicable law (including, without limitation, Section 2716 of the Public Health Service Act), then in lieu of any COBRA Coverage, the Company will provide to the Executive a taxable monthly payment payable on the last day of a given month (except as provided by the immediately following sentence), in an amount equal to the monthly COBRA premium that the Executive would be required to pay to continue his or her group health coverage in effect on the date of his or her Qualifying Termination (which amount will be based on the premium rates applicable for the first month of COBRA Coverage for the Executive and any of eligible dependents of the Executive) (each, a COBRA Replacement Payment ), which COBRA Replacement Payments will be made regardless of whether the Executive elects COBRA continuation coverage and will end on the earlier of (x) the date upon which the Executive obtains other employment or (y) the date the Company has paid an amount totaling the number of COBRA Replacement Payments equal to the number of months in the applicable COBRA Coverage period. For the avoidance of doubt, the COBRA Replacement Payments may be used for any purpose, including, but not limited to continuation coverage under COBRA, and will be subject to any applicable withholdings. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary under this Agreement, if the Company determines in its sole discretion at any time that it cannot provide the COBRA Replacement Payments without violating applicable law (including, without limitation, Section 2716 of the Public Health Service Act), the Executive will not receive the COBRA Replacement Payments or any further COBRA Coverage. 
 (e) Non-Duplication of Payment or Benefits . For purposes of clarity, in the event of a Qualifying Pre-CIC Termination, any severance payments and benefits to be provided to the Executive under Section 3(b) will be reduced by any amounts that already were provided to the Executive under Section 3(a). Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, if the Executive is entitled to any cash severance, continued health coverage benefits, or vesting acceleration 
 
 - 2 - 

of any equity awards (other than under this Agreement) by operation of applicable law or under a plan, policy, contract, or arrangement sponsored by or to which any member of the Company Group is a party Other Benefits ), then the corresponding severance payments and benefits under this Agreement will be reduced by the amount of Other Benefits paid or provided to the Executive. 
 (f) Death of the Executive . In the event of the Executive s death before all payments or benefits the Executive is entitled to receive under this Agreement have been provided, the unpaid amounts will be provided to the Executive s designated beneficiary, if living, or otherwise to the Executive s personal representative in a single lump sum as soon as possible following the Executive s death. 
 (g) Transfer Between Members of the Company Group . For purposes of this Agreement, if the Executive is involuntarily transferred from one member of the Company Group to another, the transfer will not be a termination without Cause but may give the Executive the ability to resign for Good Reason. 
 (h) Exclusive Remedy . In the event of a termination of the Executive s employment with the Company Group, the provisions of this Agreement are intended to be and are exclusive and in lieu of any other rights or remedies to which the Executive may otherwise be entitled, whether at law, tort or contract, or in equity. The Executive will be entitled to no benefits, compensation or other payments or rights upon termination of employment other than those benefits expressly set forth in this Agreement. 
 4. Accrued Compensation . On any termination of the Executive s employment with the Company Group, the Executive will be entitled to receive all accrued but unpaid vacation, expense reimbursements, wages, and other benefits due to the Executive under any Company-provided plans, policies, and arrangements. 
 5. Conditions to Receipt of Severance . 
 (a) Separation Agreement and Release of Claims . The Executive s receipt of any severance payments or benefits upon the Executive s Qualifying Termination under Section 3 is subject to the Executive signing and not revoking the Company s then-standard separation agreement and release of claims (which may include an agreement not to disparage any member of the Company Group, non-solicit provisions, an agreement to assist in any litigation matters, and other standard terms and conditions) (the Release and that requirement, the Release Requirement ), which must become effective and irrevocable no later than the sixtieth (60 th day following the Executive s Qualifying Termination (the Release Deadline ). If the Release does not become effective and irrevocable by the Release Deadline, the Executive will forfeit any right to severance payments or benefits under Section 3. 
 (b) Payment Timing . Any lump sum severance payment under Section 3(a)(i) or 3(b)(i) will be provided on the first regularly scheduled payroll date of the Company following the date the Release becomes effective and irrevocable (the Severance Start Date ), subject to any delay required by Section 5(d) below. Any taxable installments of any COBRA-related severance benefits that otherwise would have been made to the Executive on or before the Severance Start Date will be paid on the Severance Start Date, and any remaining installments thereafter will be provided as specified in the Agreement. Any restricted stock units, performance shares, performance units, and or similar full value awards that accelerate vesting under Section 3 will be settled (x) on a date no later than ten (10) days following the date the Release becomes effective and irrevocable, or (y) if later, in the event of a Qualifying Pre-CIC Termination, on a date no later than the Change in Control. 
 
 - 3 - 

(c) Return of Company Property . The Executive s receipt of any severance payments or benefits upon the Executive s Qualifying Termination under Section 3 is subject to the Executive returning all documents and other property provided to the Executive by any member of the Company Group (with the exception of a copy of the Company employee handbook and personnel documents specifically relating to the Executive), developed or obtained by the Executive in connection with his or her employment with the Company Group, or otherwise belonging to the Company Group. 
 (d) Section 409A . The Company intends that all payments and benefits provided under this Agreement or otherwise are exempt from, or comply with, the requirements of Section 409A of the Code and any guidance promulgated under Section 409A of the Code (collectively, Section 409A so that none of the payments or benefits will be subject to the additional tax imposed under Section 409A, and any ambiguities in this Agreement will be interpreted in accordance with this intent. No payment or benefits to be paid to the Executive, if any, under this Agreement or otherwise, when considered together with any other severance payments or separation benefits that are considered deferred compensation under Section 409A (together, the Deferred Payments will be paid or otherwise provided until the Executive has a separation from service within the meaning of Section 409A. If, at the time of the Executive s termination of employment, the Executive is a specified employee within the meaning of Section 409A, then the payment of the Deferred Payments will be delayed to the extent necessary to avoid the imposition of the additional tax imposed under Section 409A, which generally means that the Executive will receive payment on the first payroll date that occurs on or after the date that is six (6) months and one (1) day following the Executive s termination of employment. The Company reserves the right to amend this Agreement as it considers necessary or advisable, in its sole discretion and without the consent of the Executive or any other individual, to comply with any provision required to avoid the imposition of the additional tax imposed under Section 409A or to otherwise avoid income recognition under Section 409A prior to the actual payment of any benefits or imposition of any additional tax. Each payment, installment, and benefit payable under this Agreement is intended to constitute a separate payment for purposes of U.S. Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-2(b)(2). In no event will any member of the Company Group reimburse, indemnify, or hold harmless the Executive for any taxes, penalties and interest that may be imposed, or other costs that may be incurred, as a result of Section 409A. 
 (e) Resignation of Officer and Director Positions . The Executive s receipt of any severance payments or benefits upon the Executive s Qualifying Termination under Section 3 is subject to the Executive resigning from all officer and director positions with all members of the Company Group and the Executive executing any documents the Company may require in connection with the same. 
 6. Limitation on Payments . 
 (a) Reduction of Severance Benefits . If any payment or benefit that the Executive would receive from any Company Group member or any other party whether in connection with the provisions in this Agreement or otherwise (the Payment would (i) constitute a parachute payment within the meaning of Section 280G of the Code and (ii) but for this sentence, be subject to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code (the Excise Tax ), then the Payment will be equal to the Best Results Amount. The Best Results Amount will be either (x) the full amount of the Payment or (y) a lesser amount that would result in no portion of the Payment being subject to the Excise Tax, whichever of those amounts, taking into account the applicable federal, state, and local employment taxes, income taxes, and the Excise Tax, results in the Executive s receipt, on an after-tax basis, of the greater amount. If a reduction in payments or benefits constituting parachute payments is necessary so that the Payment equals the Best Results Amount, reduction will occur in the following order 
 
 - 4 - 

(A) reduction of cash payments in reverse chronological order (that is, the cash payment owed on the latest date following the occurrence of the event triggering the Excise Tax will be the first cash payment to be reduced) (B) cancellation of equity awards that were granted contingent on a change in ownership or control within the meaning of Section 280G of the Code in the reverse order of date of grant of the awards (that is, the most recently granted equity awards will be cancelled first) (C) reduction of the accelerated vesting of equity awards in the reverse order of date of grant of the awards (that is, the vesting of the most recently granted equity awards will be cancelled first) and (D) reduction of employee benefits in reverse chronological order (that is, the benefit owed on the latest date following the occurrence of the event triggering the Excise Tax will be the first benefit to be reduced). In no event will the Executive have any discretion with respect to the ordering of Payment reductions. The Executive will be solely responsible for the payment of all personal tax liability that is incurred as a result of the payments and benefits received under this Agreement, and the Executive will not be reimbursed, indemnified, or held harmless by any member of the Company Group for any of those payments of personal tax liability. 
 (b) Determination of Excise Tax Liability . Unless the Company and the Executive otherwise agree in writing, the Company will select a professional services firm (the Firm to make all determinations required under this Section 6, which determinations will be conclusive and binding upon the Executive and the Company for all purposes. For purposes of making the calculations required by this Section 6, the Firm may make reasonable assumptions and approximations concerning applicable taxes and may rely on reasonable, good faith interpretations concerning the application of Sections 280G and 4999 of the Code. The Company and the Executive will furnish to the Firm such information and documents as the Firm reasonably may request in order to make determinations under this Section 6. The Company will bear the costs and make all payments for the Firm s services in connection with any calculations contemplated by this Section 6. The Company will have no liability to the Executive for the determinations of the Firm. 
 7. Definitions . The following terms referred to in this Agreement will have the following meanings 
 (a) Board means the Company s Board of Directors. 
 (b) Cause means the occurrence of any of the following (i) the Executive s willful and continued failure to perform the Executive s assigned duties or responsibilities as an employee of the Company (other than a failure resulting from the Executive s disability) after written notice from the Company describing the basis for the Company s belief that the Executive has failed to perform such duties or responsibilities, and not remedying such failure within thirty (30) days of the Executive s receipt of such notice (ii) the Executive engaging in any act of dishonesty, fraud, or misrepresentation in connection with the Executive s responsibilities as a Company employee that results in substantial harm to the Company s reputation or business (iii) the Executive s violation of any federal or state law or regulation applicable to the business of the Company or its affiliates that results in substantial harm to the Company s reputation or business (iv) the Executive s unauthorized use or disclosure of any proprietary information or trade secrets of the Company or (v) the Executive being convicted of, or entering a plea of nolo contendere to, a felony. 
 (c) Change in Control means the occurrence of any of the following events 
 (i) A change in the ownership of the Company which occurs on the date that any one person, or more than one person acting as a group Person ), acquires ownership of the stock of the Company that, together with the stock held by such Person, constitutes more than fifty (50 of the total voting power of the stock of the Company provided , however , that 
 
 - 5 - 

for purposes of this subsection, (A) the acquisition of additional stock by any one Person who is considered to own more than fifty percent (50 of the total voting power of the stock of the Company will not be considered a Change in Control and (B) if the stockholders of the Company immediately before such change in ownership continue to retain immediately after the change in ownership, in substantially the same proportions as their ownership of shares of the Company s voting stock immediately prior to the change in ownership, the direct or indirect beneficial ownership of fifty percent (50 or more of the total voting power of the stock of the Company or of the ultimate parent entity of the Company, such event will not be considered a Change in Control under this subsection (i). For this purpose, indirect beneficial ownership will include, without limitation, an interest resulting from ownership of the voting securities of one or more corporations or other business entities which own the Company, as the case may be, either directly or through one or more subsidiary corporations or other business entities 
 (ii) A change in the effective control of the Company which occurs on the date that a majority of members of the Board is replaced during any twelve (12) month period by members of the Board whose appointment or election is not endorsed by a majority of the members of the Board prior to the date of the appointment or election. For purposes of this subsection (ii), if any Person is considered to be in effective control of the Company, the acquisition of additional control of the Company by the same Person will not be considered a Change in Control or 
 (iii) A change in the ownership of a substantial portion of the Company s assets which occurs on the date that any Person acquires (or has acquired during the twelve (12) month period ending on the date of the most recent acquisition by such person or persons) assets from the Company that have a total gross fair market value equal to or more than fifty percent (50 of the total gross fair market value of all of the assets of the Company immediately prior to such acquisition or acquisitions provided , however , that for purposes of this subsection (iii), the following will not constitute a change in the ownership of a substantial portion of the Company s assets (A) a transfer to an entity that is controlled by the Company s stockholders immediately after the transfer, or (B) a transfer of assets by the Company to (1) a stockholder of the Company (immediately before the asset transfer) in exchange for or with respect to the Company s stock, (2) an entity, fifty percent (50 or more of the total value or voting power of which is owned, directly or indirectly, by the Company, (3) a Person that owns, directly or indirectly, fifty percent (50 or more of the total value or voting power of all the outstanding stock of the Company, or (4) an entity, at least fifty percent (50 of the total value or voting power of which is owned, directly or indirectly, by a Person described in this subsection (iii)(B). For purposes of this subsection (iii), gross fair market value means the value of the assets of the Company, or the value of the assets being disposed of, determined without regard to any liabilities associated with such assets. 
 For purposes of this definition, persons will be considered to be acting as a group if they are owners of a corporation that enters into a merger, consolidation, purchase or acquisition of stock, or similar business transaction with the Company. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a transaction will not be deemed a Change in Control unless the transaction qualifies as a change in control event within the meaning of Section 409A. Further and for the avoidance of doubt, a transaction will not constitute a Change in Control if its sole purpose is to either (i) change the state of the Company s incorporation or (ii) create a holding company that will be owned in substantially the same proportions by the persons who held the Company s securities immediately before such transaction. 
 (d) Change in Control Period means the period beginning three (3) months prior to a Change in Control and ending twelve (12) months following a Change in Control. 
 
 - 6 - 

(e) COBRA means the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985, as amended. 
 (f) Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 
 (g) Company Group means the Company and any subsidiaries of the Company. 
 (h) Confidentiality Agreement means the At-Will Employment, Confidential Information, Invention Assignment, and Arbitration Agreement that you previously signed. 
 (i) Disability means a total and permanent disability as defined in Section 22(e)(3) of the Code. 
 (j) Good Reason means the termination of the Executive s employment with the Company Group by the Executive in accordance with the next sentence after the occurrence of one or more of the following events without the Executive s express written consent 
 (i) A material reduction of the Executive s authority or responsibilities relative to the Executive s authority or responsibilities in effect immediately prior to such reduction provided , however , that continued employment following a Change in Control with substantially the same duties, authorities, or responsibilities with respect to the Company s business and operations as in effect immediately prior to the Change in Control will not constitute Good Reason (for example, Good Reason does not exist if the Executive is employed by the parent corporation or any entity within a group of controlled corporations including the Company or its assets (the Parent Group with substantially the same duties, authorities, or responsibilities with respect to the Company s business that the Executive had immediately prior to the Change in Control regardless of whether the Executive s title is revised to reflect the Executive s placement within the overall corporate hierarchy of the Parent Group or whether the Executive provides services to a subsidiary, affiliate, business unit, or otherwise) 
 (ii) A material reduction of the Executive s base salary or bonus opportunity, except for reductions that are in proportion to any salary bonus reduction program approved by the Board that affects a majority of the senior executives of the Company provided , however , that an aggregate reduction of 10 or less will in no instance be deemed material 
 (iii) A material change in the geographic location at which the Executive must perform services (for purposes of this Agreement, the Executive s relocation to a facility or a location less than thirty (30) miles from the Executive s then-present location will not be considered a material change in geographic location) or 
 (iv) Any material breach by the Company of any material provision of this Agreement. 
 1. In order for the termination of the Executive s employment with a Company Group member to be for Good Reason, the Executive must not terminate employment without first providing the Company with written notice of the acts or omissions constituting the grounds for Good Reason within ninety (90) days of the initial existence of the grounds for Good Reason and a reasonable cure period of not less than thirty (30) days following the date of such notice. 
 
 - 7 - 

(k) Qualifying Pre-CIC Termination means a Qualifying CIC Termination that occurs prior to the date of the Change in Control. 
 (l) Qualifying Termination means a termination of the Executive s employment either (i) by a Company Group member without Cause (excluding by reason of the Executive s death or Disability) or (ii) by the Executive for Good Reason, in either case, during the Change in Control Period (a Qualifying CIC Termination or outside of the Change in Control Period (a Qualifying Non-CIC Termination ). 
 (m) Salary means the Executive s annual base salary as in effect immediately prior to the Executive s Qualifying Termination (or if the termination is due to a resignation for Good Reason based on a material reduction in base salary, then the Executive s annual base salary in effect immediately prior to the reduction) or, if the Executive s Qualifying Termination is a Qualifying CIC Termination and the amount is greater, at the level in effect immediately prior to the Change in Control. 
 (n) Target Bonus means the Executive s annual (or annualized, as applicable) target bonus in effect immediately prior to the Executive s Qualifying Termination or, if the Executive s Qualifying Termination occurs during the Change in Control Period and the amount is greater, the Executive s annual (or annualized, if applicable) target bonus in effect immediately prior to the Change in Control. 
 8. Successors . This Agreement will be binding upon and inure to the benefit of (a) the heirs, executors, and legal representatives of the Executive upon the Executive s death, and (b) any successor of the Company. Any such successor of the Company will be deemed substituted for the Company under the terms of this Agreement for all purposes. For this purpose, successor means any person, firm, corporation, or other business entity which at any time, whether by purchase, merger, or otherwise, directly or indirectly acquires all or substantially all of the assets or business of the Company. None of the rights of the Executive to receive any form of compensation payable pursuant to this Agreement may be assigned or transferred except by will or the laws of descent and distribution. Any other attempted assignment, transfer, conveyance, or other disposition of the Executive s right to compensation or other benefits will be null and void. 
 9. Notice . 
 (a) General . All notices and other communications required or permitted under this Agreement shall be in writing and will be effectively given (i) upon actual delivery to the party to be notified, (ii) upon transmission by email, (iii) twenty-four (24) hours after confirmed facsimile transmission, (iv) one (1) business day after deposit with a recognized overnight courier, or (v) three (3) business days after deposit with the U.S. Postal Service by first class certified or registered mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, addressed (A) if to the Executive, at the address the Executive shall have most recently furnished to the Company in writing, and (B) if to the Company, at the following address 
 Udemy, Inc. 
 600 Harrison Street, 3 rd Floor 
 San Francisco, CA 94107 
 Attention General Counsel 
 (b) Notice of Termination . Any termination by a Company Group member for Cause will be communicated by a notice of termination to the Executive, and any termination by the 
 
 - 8 - 

Executive for Good Reason will be communicated by a notice of termination to the Company, in each case given in accordance with Section 9(a) of this Agreement. The notice will indicate the specific termination provision in this Agreement relied upon, will set forth in reasonable detail the facts and circumstances claimed to provide a basis for termination under the provision so indicated, and will specify the termination date (which will be not more than thirty (30) days after the giving of the notice). 
 10. Resignation . The termination of the Executive s employment for any reason will also constitute, without any further required action by the Executive, the Executive s voluntary resignation from all officer and or director positions held at any member of the Company Group, and at the Board s request, the Executive will execute any documents reasonably necessary to reflect the resignations. 
 11. Miscellaneous Provisions . 
 (a) No Duty to Mitigate . The Executive will not be required to mitigate the amount of any payment contemplated by this Agreement, nor will any payment be reduced by any earnings that the Executive may receive from any other source except as specified in Section 3(e). 
 (b) Waiver Amendment . No provision of this Agreement will be modified, waived, or discharged unless the modification, waiver, or discharge is agreed to in writing and signed by an authorized officer of the Company (other than the Executive) and by the Executive. No waiver by either party of any breach of, or of compliance with, any condition or provision of this Agreement by the other party will be considered a waiver of any other condition or provision or of the same condition or provision at another time. 
 (c) Headings . All captions and section headings used in this Agreement are for convenient reference only and do not form a part of this Agreement. 
 (d) Entire Agreement . This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement of the parties and supersedes in their entirety all prior representations, understandings, undertakings, or agreements (whether oral or written and whether expressed or implied) of the parties with respect to the subject matter of this Agreement, including, for the avoidance of doubt, any other employment letter or agreement, severance policy or program, or equity award agreement. 
 (e) Governing Law . This Agreement will be governed by the laws of the State of California without regard to its conflict of law provisions. To the extent that any lawsuit is permitted under this Agreement, Employee hereby expressly consents to the personal and exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the state courts located in San Francisco County, California, or the US federal courts for the Northern District of California, and no other courts, regardless of where Employee s services are performed. 
 (f) Arbitration . Any and all controversies, claims, or disputes with anyone under this Agreement (including the Company and any employee, officer, director, stockholder or benefit plan of the Company in their capacity as such or otherwise) arising out of, relating to, or resulting from the Executive s employment with the Company Group, shall be subject to arbitration in accordance with the provisions of the Confidentiality Agreement. 
 (g) Severability . The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision or provisions of this Agreement will not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of this Agreement, which will remain in full force and effect. 
 
 - 9 - 

(h) Withholding . All payments and benefits under this Agreement will be paid less applicable withholding taxes. The Company is authorized to withhold from any payments or benefits all federal, state, local, and or foreign taxes required to be withheld from the payments or benefits and make any other required payroll deductions. No member of the Company Group will pay the Executive s taxes arising from or relating to any payments or benefits under this Agreement. 
 (i) Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which will be deemed an original, but all of which together will constitute one and the same instrument. 
 Signature page follows 

- 10 - 

By its signature below, each of the parties signifies its acceptance of the terms of this Agreement, in the case of the Company by its duly authorized officer. 
 
 UDEMY, INC. 
 By s Gregg Coccari 
 Name Gregg Coccari 
 Title Chief Executive Office 
 Date 09 07 2021 
 
 EXECUTIVE 
 By s Kenneth Hirschman 
 Name Kenneth Hirschman 
 Date 09 07 2021 

- 11 - 

</EX-10.23>

<EX-10.24>
 9
 udemy-cicxrichqiu2021.htm
 EX-10.24

Document 
 Exhibit 10.24 

 UDEMY, INC. 
 CHANGE IN CONTROL AND SEVERANCE AGREEMENT 
 This Change in Control and Severance Agreement (this Agreement is made between Udemy, Inc. (the Company and Rich Qiu (the Executive ), effective as of September 1, 2021 (the Effective Date ). 
 This Agreement provides certain protections to the Executive in connection with a change in control of the Company or in connection with the involuntary termination of the Executive s employment under the circumstances described in this Agreement. 
 The Company and the Executive agree as follows 
 1. Term of Agreement . This Agreement will have an initial term of three (3) years commencing on the Effective Date (the Initial Term ). On the third (3rd) anniversary of the Effective Date and each third (3rd) anniversary thereafter, this Agreement will renew automatically for additional, three (3) year terms (each, an Additional Term unless either party provides the other party with written notice of nonrenewal at least sixty (60) days prior to the date of automatic renewal. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a Change in Control occurs when there are fewer than twelve (12) months remaining during the Initial Term or Additional Term, as applicable, the term of this Agreement will extend automatically through the date that is twelve (12) months following the date of the Change in Control. If the Executive becomes entitled to the benefits under Section 3 of this Agreement, then the Agreement will not terminate until all of the obligations of the parties hereto with respect to this Agreement have been satisfied. 
 2. At-Will Employment . The Company and the Executive acknowledge that the Executive s employment is and will continue to be at-will, as defined under applicable law. 
 3. Severance Benefits . 
 (a) Qualifying Non-CIC Termination . On a Qualifying Non-CIC Termination (as defined below), the Executive will be eligible to receive the following payments and benefits from the Company 
 (i) Severance . A single, lump sum payment equal to six (6) months of the Executive s Salary (as defined below), less applicable withholdings. 
 (ii) COBRA Coverage . Subject to Section 3(d), the Company will pay the premiums for coverage under COBRA (as defined below) for the Executive and the Executive s eligible dependents, if any, at the rates then in effect, subject to any subsequent changes in rates that are generally applicable to the Company s active employees (the COBRA Coverage ), until the earliest of six (6) months from the date of the Executive s termination of employment, (B) the date upon which the Executive (and the Executive s eligible dependents, as applicable) becomes covered under similar plans, or (C) the date upon which the Executive ceases to be eligible for coverage under COBRA. 

(b) Qualifying CIC Termination . On a Qualifying CIC Termination, the Executive will be eligible to receive the following payments and benefits from the Company 
 (i) Severance . A single, lump sum payment equal to twelve (12) months of the Executive s Salary plus 100 of the Executive s Target Bonus, less applicable withholdings. 
 (ii) COBRA Coverage . Subject to Section 3(d), the Company will provide COBRA Coverage until the earliest of (A) a period of twelve (12) months from the date of the Executive s termination of employment, (B) the date upon which the Executive (and the Executive s eligible dependents, as applicable) becomes covered under similar plans, or (C) the date upon which the Executive ceases to be eligible for coverage under COBRA. 
 (iii) Equity Vesting Acceleration . Vesting acceleration (and exercisability, as applicable) as to 100 of the then-unvested shares subject to each of the Executive s then-outstanding compensatory equity awards issued by the Company. In the case of an equity award with performance-based vesting, unless otherwise specified in the applicable equity award agreement governing such award, all performance goals and other vesting criteria will be deemed achieved at target. 
 (c) Termination Other Than a Qualifying Termination . If the termination of the Executive s employment with the Company Group is not a Qualifying Termination, then the Executive will not be entitled to receive severance or other benefits. 
 (d) Conditions to Receipt of COBRA Coverage . The Executive s receipt of COBRA Coverage is subject to the Executive electing COBRA continuation coverage within the time period prescribed pursuant to COBRA for the Executive and the Executive s eligible dependents, if any. If the Company determines in its sole discretion that it cannot provide the COBRA Coverage without potentially violating, or being subject to an excise tax under, applicable law (including, without limitation, Section 2716 of the Public Health Service Act), then in lieu of any COBRA Coverage, the Company will provide to the Executive a taxable monthly payment payable on the last day of a given month (except as provided by the immediately following sentence), in an amount equal to the monthly COBRA premium that the Executive would be required to pay to continue his or her group health coverage in effect on the date of his or her Qualifying Termination (which amount will be based on the premium rates applicable for the first month of COBRA Coverage for the Executive and any of eligible dependents of the Executive) (each, a COBRA Replacement Payment ), which COBRA Replacement Payments will be made regardless of whether the Executive elects COBRA continuation coverage and will end on the earlier of (x) the date upon which the Executive obtains other employment or (y) the date the Company has paid an amount totaling the number of COBRA Replacement Payments equal to the number of months in the applicable COBRA Coverage period. For the avoidance of doubt, the COBRA Replacement Payments may be used for any purpose, including, but not limited to continuation coverage under COBRA, and will be subject to any applicable withholdings. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary under this Agreement, if the Company determines in its sole discretion at any time that it cannot provide the COBRA Replacement Payments without violating applicable law (including, without limitation, Section 2716 of the Public Health Service Act), the Executive will not receive the COBRA Replacement Payments or any further COBRA Coverage. 
 (e) Non-Duplication of Payment or Benefits . For purposes of clarity, in the event of a Qualifying Pre-CIC Termination, any severance payments and benefits to be provided to the Executive under Section 3(b) will be reduced by any amounts that already were provided to the Executive under Section 3(a). Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, if the 
 
 - 2 - 

Executive is entitled to any cash severance, continued health coverage benefits, or vesting acceleration of any equity awards (other than under this Agreement) by operation of applicable law or under a plan, policy, contract, or arrangement sponsored by or to which any member of the Company Group is a party Other Benefits ), then the corresponding severance payments and benefits under this Agreement will be reduced by the amount of Other Benefits paid or provided to the Executive. 
 (f) Death of the Executive . In the event of the Executive s death before all payments or benefits the Executive is entitled to receive under this Agreement have been provided, the unpaid amounts will be provided to the Executive s designated beneficiary, if living, or otherwise to the Executive s personal representative in a single lump sum as soon as possible following the Executive s death. 
 (g) Transfer Between Members of the Company Group . For purposes of this Agreement, if the Executive is involuntarily transferred from one member of the Company Group to another, the transfer will not be a termination without Cause but may give the Executive the ability to resign for Good Reason. 
 (h) Exclusive Remedy . In the event of a termination of the Executive s employment with the Company Group, the provisions of this Agreement are intended to be and are exclusive and in lieu of any other rights or remedies to which the Executive may otherwise be entitled, whether at law, tort or contract, or in equity. The Executive will be entitled to no benefits, compensation or other payments or rights upon termination of employment other than those benefits expressly set forth in this Agreement. 
 4. Accrued Compensation . On any termination of the Executive s employment with the Company Group, the Executive will be entitled to receive all accrued but unpaid vacation, expense reimbursements, wages, and other benefits due to the Executive under any Company-provided plans, policies, and arrangements. 
 5. Conditions to Receipt of Severance . 
 (a) Separation Agreement and Release of Claims . The Executive s receipt of any severance payments or benefits upon the Executive s Qualifying Termination under Section 3 is subject to the Executive signing and not revoking the Company s then-standard separation agreement and release of claims (which may include an agreement not to disparage any member of the Company Group, non-solicit provisions, an agreement to assist in any litigation matters, and other standard terms and conditions) (the Release and that requirement, the Release Requirement ), which must become effective and irrevocable no later than the sixtieth (60 th day following the Executive s Qualifying Termination (the Release Deadline ). If the Release does not become effective and irrevocable by the Release Deadline, the Executive will forfeit any right to severance payments or benefits under Section 3. 
 (b) Payment Timing . Any lump sum severance payment under Section 3(a)(i) or 3(b)(i) will be provided on the first regularly scheduled payroll date of the Company following the date the Release becomes effective and irrevocable (the Severance Start Date ), subject to any delay required by Section 5(d) below. Any taxable installments of any COBRA-related severance benefits that otherwise would have been made to the Executive on or before the Severance Start Date will be paid on the Severance Start Date, and any remaining installments thereafter will be provided as specified in the Agreement. Any restricted stock units, performance shares, performance units, and or similar full value awards that accelerate vesting under Section 3 will be settled (x) on a date no later 
 
 - 3 - 

than ten (10) days following the date the Release becomes effective and irrevocable, or (y) if later, in the event of a Qualifying Pre-CIC Termination, on a date no later than the Change in Control. 
 (c) Return of Company Property . The Executive s receipt of any severance payments or benefits upon the Executive s Qualifying Termination under Section 3 is subject to the Executive returning all documents and other property provided to the Executive by any member of the Company Group (with the exception of a copy of the Company employee handbook and personnel documents specifically relating to the Executive), developed or obtained by the Executive in connection with his or her employment with the Company Group, or otherwise belonging to the Company Group. 
 (d) Section 409A . The Company intends that all payments and benefits provided under this Agreement or otherwise are exempt from, or comply with, the requirements of Section 409A of the Code and any guidance promulgated under Section 409A of the Code (collectively, Section 409A so that none of the payments or benefits will be subject to the additional tax imposed under Section 409A, and any ambiguities in this Agreement will be interpreted in accordance with this intent. No payment or benefits to be paid to the Executive, if any, under this Agreement or otherwise, when considered together with any other severance payments or separation benefits that are considered deferred compensation under Section 409A (together, the Deferred Payments will be paid or otherwise provided until the Executive has a separation from service within the meaning of Section 409A. If, at the time of the Executive s termination of employment, the Executive is a specified employee within the meaning of Section 409A, then the payment of the Deferred Payments will be delayed to the extent necessary to avoid the imposition of the additional tax imposed under Section 409A, which generally means that the Executive will receive payment on the first payroll date that occurs on or after the date that is six (6) months and one (1) day following the Executive s termination of employment. The Company reserves the right to amend this Agreement as it considers necessary or advisable, in its sole discretion and without the consent of the Executive or any other individual, to comply with any provision required to avoid the imposition of the additional tax imposed under Section 409A or to otherwise avoid income recognition under Section 409A prior to the actual payment of any benefits or imposition of any additional tax. Each payment, installment, and benefit payable under this Agreement is intended to constitute a separate payment for purposes of U.S. Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-2(b)(2). In no event will any member of the Company Group reimburse, indemnify, or hold harmless the Executive for any taxes, penalties and interest that may be imposed, or other costs that may be incurred, as a result of Section 409A. 
 (e) Resignation of Officer and Director Positions . The Executive s receipt of any severance payments or benefits upon the Executive s Qualifying Termination under Section 3 is subject to the Executive resigning from all officer and director positions with all members of the Company Group and the Executive executing any documents the Company may require in connection with the same. 
 6. Limitation on Payments . 
 (a) Reduction of Severance Benefits . If any payment or benefit that the Executive would receive from any Company Group member or any other party whether in connection with the provisions in this Agreement or otherwise (the Payment would (i) constitute a parachute payment within the meaning of Section 280G of the Code and (ii) but for this sentence, be subject to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code (the Excise Tax ), then the Payment will be equal to the Best Results Amount. The Best Results Amount will be either (x) the full amount of the Payment or (y) a lesser amount that would result in no portion of the Payment being subject to the Excise Tax, whichever of those amounts, taking into account the applicable federal, state, and local employment 
 
 - 4 - 

taxes, income taxes, and the Excise Tax, results in the Executive s receipt, on an after-tax basis, of the greater amount. If a reduction in payments or benefits constituting parachute payments is necessary so that the Payment equals the Best Results Amount, reduction will occur in the following order (A) reduction of cash payments in reverse chronological order (that is, the cash payment owed on the latest date following the occurrence of the event triggering the Excise Tax will be the first cash payment to be reduced) (B) cancellation of equity awards that were granted contingent on a change in ownership or control within the meaning of Section 280G of the Code in the reverse order of date of grant of the awards (that is, the most recently granted equity awards will be cancelled first) (C) reduction of the accelerated vesting of equity awards in the reverse order of date of grant of the awards (that is, the vesting of the most recently granted equity awards will be cancelled first) and (D) reduction of employee benefits in reverse chronological order (that is, the benefit owed on the latest date following the occurrence of the event triggering the Excise Tax will be the first benefit to be reduced). In no event will the Executive have any discretion with respect to the ordering of Payment reductions. The Executive will be solely responsible for the payment of all personal tax liability that is incurred as a result of the payments and benefits received under this Agreement, and the Executive will not be reimbursed, indemnified, or held harmless by any member of the Company Group for any of those payments of personal tax liability. 
 (b) Determination of Excise Tax Liability . Unless the Company and the Executive otherwise agree in writing, the Company will select a professional services firm (the Firm to make all determinations required under this Section 6, which determinations will be conclusive and binding upon the Executive and the Company for all purposes. For purposes of making the calculations required by this Section 6, the Firm may make reasonable assumptions and approximations concerning applicable taxes and may rely on reasonable, good faith interpretations concerning the application of Sections 280G and 4999 of the Code. The Company and the Executive will furnish to the Firm such information and documents as the Firm reasonably may request in order to make determinations under this Section 6. The Company will bear the costs and make all payments for the Firm s services in connection with any calculations contemplated by this Section 6. The Company will have no liability to the Executive for the determinations of the Firm. 
 7. Definitions . The following terms referred to in this Agreement will have the following meanings 
 (a) Board means the Company s Board of Directors. 
 (b) Cause means the occurrence of any of the following (i) the Executive s willful and continued failure to perform the Executive s assigned duties or responsibilities as an employee of the Company (other than a failure resulting from the Executive s disability) after written notice from the Company describing the basis for the Company s belief that the Executive has failed to perform such duties or responsibilities, and not remedying such failure within thirty (30) days of the Executive s receipt of such notice (ii) the Executive engaging in any act of dishonesty, fraud, or misrepresentation in connection with the Executive s responsibilities as a Company employee that results in substantial harm to the Company s reputation or business (iii) the Executive s violation of any federal or state law or regulation applicable to the business of the Company or its affiliates that results in substantial harm to the Company s reputation or business (iv) the Executive s unauthorized use or disclosure of any proprietary information or trade secrets of the Company or (v) the Executive being convicted of, or entering a plea of nolo contendere to, a felony. 
 (c) Change in Control means the occurrence of any of the following events 
 
 - 5 - 

(i) A change in the ownership of the Company which occurs on the date that any one person, or more than one person acting as a group Person ), acquires ownership of the stock of the Company that, together with the stock held by such Person, constitutes more than fifty (50 of the total voting power of the stock of the Company provided , however , that for purposes of this subsection, (A) the acquisition of additional stock by any one Person who is considered to own more than fifty percent (50 of the total voting power of the stock of the Company will not be considered a Change in Control and (B) if the stockholders of the Company immediately before such change in ownership continue to retain immediately after the change in ownership, in substantially the same proportions as their ownership of shares of the Company s voting stock immediately prior to the change in ownership, the direct or indirect beneficial ownership of fifty percent (50 or more of the total voting power of the stock of the Company or of the ultimate parent entity of the Company, such event will not be considered a Change in Control under this subsection (i). For this purpose, indirect beneficial ownership will include, without limitation, an interest resulting from ownership of the voting securities of one or more corporations or other business entities which own the Company, as the case may be, either directly or through one or more subsidiary corporations or other business entities 
 (ii) A change in the effective control of the Company which occurs on the date that a majority of members of the Board is replaced during any twelve (12) month period by members of the Board whose appointment or election is not endorsed by a majority of the members of the Board prior to the date of the appointment or election. For purposes of this subsection (ii), if any Person is considered to be in effective control of the Company, the acquisition of additional control of the Company by the same Person will not be considered a Change in Control or 
 (iii) A change in the ownership of a substantial portion of the Company s assets which occurs on the date that any Person acquires (or has acquired during the twelve (12) month period ending on the date of the most recent acquisition by such person or persons) assets from the Company that have a total gross fair market value equal to or more than fifty percent (50 of the total gross fair market value of all of the assets of the Company immediately prior to such acquisition or acquisitions provided , however , that for purposes of this subsection (iii), the following will not constitute a change in the ownership of a substantial portion of the Company s assets (A) a transfer to an entity that is controlled by the Company s stockholders immediately after the transfer, or (B) a transfer of assets by the Company to (1) a stockholder of the Company (immediately before the asset transfer) in exchange for or with respect to the Company s stock, (2) an entity, fifty percent (50 or more of the total value or voting power of which is owned, directly or indirectly, by the Company, (3) a Person that owns, directly or indirectly, fifty percent (50 or more of the total value or voting power of all the outstanding stock of the Company, or (4) an entity, at least fifty percent (50 of the total value or voting power of which is owned, directly or indirectly, by a Person described in this subsection (iii)(B). For purposes of this subsection (iii), gross fair market value means the value of the assets of the Company, or the value of the assets being disposed of, determined without regard to any liabilities associated with such assets. 
 For purposes of this definition, persons will be considered to be acting as a group if they are owners of a corporation that enters into a merger, consolidation, purchase or acquisition of stock, or similar business transaction with the Company. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a transaction will not be deemed a Change in Control unless the transaction qualifies as a change in control event within the meaning of Section 409A. Further and for the avoidance of doubt, a transaction will not constitute a Change in Control if its sole purpose is to either (i) change the state of the Company s incorporation or 
 
 - 6 - 

(ii) create a holding company that will be owned in substantially the same proportions by the persons who held the Company s securities immediately before such transaction. 
 (d) Change in Control Period means the period beginning three (3) months prior to a Change in Control and ending twelve (12) months following a Change in Control. 
 (e) COBRA means the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985, as amended. 
 (f) Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 
 (g) Company Group means the Company and any subsidiaries of the Company. 
 (h) Confidentiality Agreement means the At-Will Employment, Confidential Information, Invention Assignment, and Arbitration Agreement that you previously signed. 
 (i) Disability means a total and permanent disability as defined in Section 22(e)(3) of the Code. 
 (j) Good Reason means the termination of the Executive s employment with the Company Group by the Executive in accordance with the next sentence after the occurrence of one or more of the following events without the Executive s express written consent 
 (i) A material reduction of the Executive s authority or responsibilities relative to the Executive s authority or responsibilities in effect immediately prior to such reduction provided , however , that continued employment following a Change in Control with substantially the same duties, authorities, or responsibilities with respect to the Company s business and operations as in effect immediately prior to the Change in Control will not constitute Good Reason (for example, Good Reason does not exist if the Executive is employed by the parent corporation or any entity within a group of controlled corporations including the Company or its assets (the Parent Group with substantially the same duties, authorities, or responsibilities with respect to the Company s business that the Executive had immediately prior to the Change in Control regardless of whether the Executive s title is revised to reflect the Executive s placement within the overall corporate hierarchy of the Parent Group or whether the Executive provides services to a subsidiary, affiliate, business unit, or otherwise) 
 (ii) A material reduction of the Executive s base salary or bonus opportunity, except for reductions that are in proportion to any salary bonus reduction program approved by the Board that affects a majority of the senior executives of the Company provided , however , that an aggregate reduction of 10 or less will in no instance be deemed material 
 (iii) A material change in the geographic location at which the Executive must perform services (for purposes of this Agreement, the Executive s relocation to a facility or a location less than thirty (30) miles from the Executive s then-present location will not be considered a material change in geographic location) or 
 (iv) Any material breach by the Company of any material provision of this Agreement. 
 
 - 7 - 

1. In order for the termination of the Executive s employment with a Company Group member to be for Good Reason, the Executive must not terminate employment without first providing the Company with written notice of the acts or omissions constituting the grounds for Good Reason within ninety (90) days of the initial existence of the grounds for Good Reason and a reasonable cure period of not less than thirty (30) days following the date of such notice. 
 (k) Qualifying Pre-CIC Termination means a Qualifying CIC Termination that occurs prior to the date of the Change in Control. 
 (l) Qualifying Termination means a termination of the Executive s employment either (i) by a Company Group member without Cause (excluding by reason of the Executive s death or Disability) or (ii) by the Executive for Good Reason, in either case, during the Change in Control Period (a Qualifying CIC Termination or outside of the Change in Control Period (a Qualifying Non-CIC Termination ). 
 (m) Salary means the Executive s annual base salary as in effect immediately prior to the Executive s Qualifying Termination (or if the termination is due to a resignation for Good Reason based on a material reduction in base salary, then the Executive s annual base salary in effect immediately prior to the reduction) or, if the Executive s Qualifying Termination is a Qualifying CIC Termination and the amount is greater, at the level in effect immediately prior to the Change in Control. 
 (n) Target Bonus means the Executive s annual (or annualized, as applicable) target bonus in effect immediately prior to the Executive s Qualifying Termination or, if the Executive s Qualifying Termination occurs during the Change in Control Period and the amount is greater, the Executive s annual (or annualized, if applicable) target bonus in effect immediately prior to the Change in Control. 
 8. Successors . This Agreement will be binding upon and inure to the benefit of (a) the heirs, executors, and legal representatives of the Executive upon the Executive s death, and (b) any successor of the Company. Any such successor of the Company will be deemed substituted for the Company under the terms of this Agreement for all purposes. For this purpose, successor means any person, firm, corporation, or other business entity which at any time, whether by purchase, merger, or otherwise, directly or indirectly acquires all or substantially all of the assets or business of the Company. None of the rights of the Executive to receive any form of compensation payable pursuant to this Agreement may be assigned or transferred except by will or the laws of descent and distribution. Any other attempted assignment, transfer, conveyance, or other disposition of the Executive s right to compensation or other benefits will be null and void. 
 9. Notice . 
 (a) General . All notices and other communications required or permitted under this Agreement shall be in writing and will be effectively given (i) upon actual delivery to the party to be notified, (ii) upon transmission by email, (iii) twenty-four (24) hours after confirmed facsimile transmission, (iv) one (1) business day after deposit with a recognized overnight courier, or (v) three (3) business days after deposit with the U.S. Postal Service by first class certified or registered mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, addressed (A) if to the Executive, at the address the Executive shall have most recently furnished to the Company in writing, and (B) if to the Company, at the following address 
 
 - 8 - 

Udemy, Inc. 
 600 Harrison Street, 3 rd Floor 
 San Francisco, CA 94107 
 Attention General Counsel 
 (b) Notice of Termination . Any termination by a Company Group member for Cause will be communicated by a notice of termination to the Executive, and any termination by the Executive for Good Reason will be communicated by a notice of termination to the Company, in each case given in accordance with Section 9(a) of this Agreement. The notice will indicate the specific termination provision in this Agreement relied upon, will set forth in reasonable detail the facts and circumstances claimed to provide a basis for termination under the provision so indicated, and will specify the termination date (which will be not more than thirty (30) days after the giving of the notice). 
 10. Resignation . The termination of the Executive s employment for any reason will also constitute, without any further required action by the Executive, the Executive s voluntary resignation from all officer and or director positions held at any member of the Company Group, and at the Board s request, the Executive will execute any documents reasonably necessary to reflect the resignations. 
 11. Miscellaneous Provisions . 
 (a) No Duty to Mitigate . The Executive will not be required to mitigate the amount of any payment contemplated by this Agreement, nor will any payment be reduced by any earnings that the Executive may receive from any other source except as specified in Section 3(e). 
 (b) Waiver Amendment . No provision of this Agreement will be modified, waived, or discharged unless the modification, waiver, or discharge is agreed to in writing and signed by an authorized officer of the Company (other than the Executive) and by the Executive. No waiver by either party of any breach of, or of compliance with, any condition or provision of this Agreement by the other party will be considered a waiver of any other condition or provision or of the same condition or provision at another time. 
 (c) Headings . All captions and section headings used in this Agreement are for convenient reference only and do not form a part of this Agreement. 
 (d) Entire Agreement . This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement of the parties and supersedes in their entirety all prior representations, understandings, undertakings, or agreements (whether oral or written and whether expressed or implied) of the parties with respect to the subject matter of this Agreement, including, for the avoidance of doubt, any other employment letter or agreement, severance policy or program, or equity award agreement. 
 (e) Governing Law . This Agreement will be governed by the laws of the State of California without regard to its conflict of law provisions. To the extent that any lawsuit is permitted under this Agreement, Employee hereby expressly consents to the personal and exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the state courts located in San Francisco County, California, or the US federal courts for the Northern District of California, and no other courts, regardless of where Employee s services are performed. 
 (f) Arbitration . Any and all controversies, claims, or disputes with anyone under this Agreement (including the Company and any employee, officer, director, stockholder or benefit 
 
 - 9 - 

plan of the Company in their capacity as such or otherwise) arising out of, relating to, or resulting from the Executive s employment with the Company Group, shall be subject to arbitration in accordance with the provisions of the Confidentiality Agreement. 
 (g) Severability . The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision or provisions of this Agreement will not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of this Agreement, which will remain in full force and effect. 
 (h) Withholding . All payments and benefits under this Agreement will be paid less applicable withholding taxes. The Company is authorized to withhold from any payments or benefits all federal, state, local, and or foreign taxes required to be withheld from the payments or benefits and make any other required payroll deductions. No member of the Company Group will pay the Executive s taxes arising from or relating to any payments or benefits under this Agreement. 
 (i) Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which will be deemed an original, but all of which together will constitute one and the same instrument. 
 Signature page follows 

- 10 - 

By its signature below, each of the parties signifies its acceptance of the terms of this Agreement, in the case of the Company by its duly authorized officer. 
 
 UDEMY, INC. 
 By s Gregg Coccari 
 Name Gregg Coccari 
 Title Chief Executive Office 
 Date 09 07 2021 
 
 EXECUTIVE 
 By s Richard Qiu 
 Name Rich Qiu 
 Date 09 07 2021 

- 11 - 

</EX-10.24>

<EX-21.1>
 10
 exhibit211.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

Exhibit 21.1 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant 
 
 Entity Jurisdiction CUX, Inc. United States (Delaware) Udemy Australia Pty Limited Australia Udemy Ireland Ltd. Ireland Udemy Japan GK Japan Udemy Bilisim Teknolojiler I Danismanlik Ve Muhendi Turkey Udemy India LLP India Udemy Servicos Promocionais Sociedade Limitada Brazil Udemy UK Limited United Kingdom 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 11
 udemyincconsentletterfy221.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 
 
 Exhibit 23.1 

 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statements Nos 333-261421 and 333-260595 on Form S-8 of our reports dated February 27, 2023, relating to the consolidated financial statements of Udemy, Inc. and subsidiaries the Company) and the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting, appearing in the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 s DELOITTE & TOUCHE LLP 
 San Francisco, California 
 February 27, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 12
 udemy-10xk_exx311q42022.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO 
 RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002. 
 I, Gregg Coccari, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Udemy, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date February 27, 2023 By s Gregg Coccari 
 Gregg Coccari President and, Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 13
 udemy-10xk_exx312q42022.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO 
 RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Sarah Blanchard, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Udemy, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date February 27, 2023 By s Sarah Blanchard 
 Sarah Blanchard Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 14
 udemy-10xk_exx321q42022.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Udemy, Inc. (the Company for the period ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 
 
 This certification accompanies the Report to which it relates, is not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of Udemy, Inc. under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (whether made before or after the date of the Report), irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. 

Date February 27, 2023 
 By s Gregg Coccari 
 Gregg Coccari President and, Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 15
 udemy-10xk_exx322q42022.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-K of Udemy, Inc. (the Company for the period ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 
 
 This certification accompanies the Report to which it relates, is not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of Udemy, Inc. under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (whether made before or after the date of the Report), irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. 

Date February 27, 2023 
 
 By 
 s Sarah Blanchard 
 Sarah Blanchard Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 16
 udmy-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 17
 udmy-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 18
 udmy-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 19
 udmy-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 20
 udmy-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

