<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230224_10-K_edgar_data_66004_0001174947-23-000258.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>8160289</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>218911</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1504195</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2240341</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2106624</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1848988</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001174947-23-000258.hdr.sgml : 20230224
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230224160342
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001174947-23-000258
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		87
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230224
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230224

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MIDDLESEX WATER CO
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000066004
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	WATER SUPPLY [4941]
		IRS NUMBER:				221114430
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NJ
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-00422
		FILM NUMBER:		23666959

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		485C ROUTE 1 SOUTH
		STREET 2:		SUITE 400
		CITY:			ISELIN
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			08830
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7326341500

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		485C ROUTE 1 SOUTH
		STREET 2:		SUITE 400
		CITY:			ISELIN
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			08830

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001174947-23-000258.txt : 20230224

10-K
 1
 msex-20221231.htm
 10-K

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

WASHINGTON, DC 20549 

FORM 

(Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal
year ended , 

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from _________________ to ______________________ 

Commission File Number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter) 

(State of Incorporation) (IRS employer identification no.) 

, , 

(Address of principal executive offices, including
zip code) 

(Registrant's telephone number, including area
code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of
the Act: 

Title of Each Class: Trading Symbol : Name of each exchange on which registered: The Stock Market, LLC 

 Securities registered pursuant to Section
12(g) of the Act: 

None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a
well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 

No

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not
required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 

Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter
period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically
and posted on their corporate web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of
Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrants were required to submit and post such files).
 No

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer , accelerated filer , smaller reporting company 
and emerging growth company in Rule 12(b)-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control
over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that
prepared or issued its audit report. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). 

Yes No

The aggregate market value of the voting stock
held by non-affiliates of the registrant at June 30, 2022 was based on the closing market price of 87.68 per share on
the NASDAQ Global Select Market. 

The number of shares outstanding for each of
the registrant's classes of common stock, as of February 24, 2023: 

Common Stock, No par Value shares outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference 

Proxy Statement to be filed in connection with the
Registrant s Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held on May 23, 2023, which will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
within 120 days of the end of our 2022 fiscal year, is incorporated by reference into Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K to the
extent described herein. 

MIDDLESEX WATER COMPANY 

FORM 10-K 

INDEX 

PAGE 
 
 Forward-Looking Statements 
 1 
 
 PART I 
 2 
 
 Item 1. 
 Business: 
 2 

Overview 
 2 

Financial Information 
 4 

Water Supplies and Contracts 
 4 

Wastewater Facilities 
 5 

Human Capital Management 
 5 

Competition 
 7 

Regulation 
 7 

Seasonality 
 10 

Management 
 11 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 12 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 17 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 17 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 19 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 20 
 
 PART II 
 21 
 
 Item 5. 
 Market for the Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 21 
 
 Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 22 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 23 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Qualitative and Quantitative Disclosure About Market Risk 
 37 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 38 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 67 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 67 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 68 
 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 68 
 
 PART III 
 69 
 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 69 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 69 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 69 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 69 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 69 
 
 PART IV 
 70 
 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 70 
 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 70 

Signatures 

Exhibit Index 

Index 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

Certain statements
contained in this annual report and in the documents incorporated by reference constitute forward-looking statements within
the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933. Middlesex Water Company
(the Company) intends that these statements be covered by the safe harbors created under those laws. They include, but are not limited
to statements as to: 

- expected financial condition, performance, prospects and earnings of
the Company; 

- strategic plans for growth; 

- the amount and timing of rate increases and other regulatory matters,
including the recovery of certain costs recorded as regulatory assets; 

- the Company s expected liquidity needs during the upcoming fiscal
year and beyond and the sources and availability of funds to meet its liquidity needs; 

- expected customer rates, consumption volumes, service fees, revenues,
margins, expenses and operating results; 

- financial projections; 

- the expected amount of cash contributions to fund the Company s
retirement benefit plans, anticipated discount rates and rates of return on plan assets; 

- the ability of the Company to pay dividends; 

- the Company s compliance with environmental laws and regulations
and estimations of the materiality of any related costs; 

- the safety and reliability of the Company s equipment, facilities
and operations; 

- the Company s plans to renew municipal franchises and consents
in the territories it serves; 

- trends; and 

- the availability and quality of our water supply. 

These forward-looking
statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from future results
expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from anticipated
results and outcomes include, but are not limited to: 

- effects of general economic conditions; 

- increases in competition for growth in non-franchised markets to be
potentially served by the Company; 

- ability of the Company to adequately control selected operating expenses
which are necessary to maintain safe and proper utility services, and which may be beyond the Company s control; 

- availability of adequate supplies of water; 

- actions taken by government regulators, including decisions on rate
increase requests; 

- new or modified water quality standards; 

- weather variations and other natural phenomena impacting utility operations; 

- financial and operating risks associated with acquisitions and, or privatizations; 

- acts of war or terrorism; 

- cyber-attacks; 

- changes in the pace of housing development; 

- availability and cost of capital resources; 

- timely availability of materials and supplies for operations and for
critical infrastructure projects; 

- impact of the Novel Coronavirus (COVID-19) or other pandemic; and 

- other factors discussed elsewhere in this annual report. 

Many of these factors are beyond the Company s
ability to control or predict. Given these uncertainties, readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements,
which only speak to the Company s understanding as of the date of this report. The Company does not undertake any obligation to
release publicly any revisions to these forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this annual report
or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events, except as may be required under applicable securities laws. 

For an additional
discussion of factors that may affect the Company s business and results of operations, see Item 1A - Risk Factors. 

Index 

PART I 

Item 1. Business. 

Overview 

Middlesex Water Company (Middlesex) was incorporated
as a water utility company in 1897 and owns and operates regulated water utility and wastewater systems primarily in New Jersey and Delaware.
Middlesex also operates water and wastewater systems under contract on behalf of municipal and private clients primarily in New Jersey
and Delaware. 

The terms the Company, we, 
 our, and us refer to Middlesex Water Company and its subsidiaries, including Tidewater Utilities, Inc. (Tidewater)
and Tidewater s wholly-owned subsidiaries, Southern Shores Water Company, LLC (Southern Shores) and White Marsh Environmental Systems,
Inc. (White Marsh). The Company s other subsidiaries are Pinelands Water Company (Pinelands Water) and Pinelands Wastewater Company
(Pinelands Wastewater) (collectively, Pinelands), Utility Service Affiliates, Inc. (USA) and Utility Service Affiliates (Perth Amboy)
Inc., (USA-PA). 

The Company s principal executive offices are
located at 485C Route 1 South, Suite 400, Iselin, New Jersey 08830. Our telephone number is (732) 634-1500. Our website address is http://www.middlesexwater.com.
Information contained on our website is not part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We make available, free of charge through our website,
reports and amendments filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, after such material
is electronically filed with or furnished to the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC). 

Middlesex System 

Located in New Jersey, the Middlesex System provides
water services to approximately 61,000 retail customers, primarily in eastern Middlesex County and under wholesale contracts to the City
of Rahway, Townships of Edison and Marlboro, the Borough of Highland Park and the Old Bridge Municipal Utilities Authority. The Middlesex
System treats, stores and distributes water for residential, commercial, industrial and fire protection purposes. The Middlesex System
also provides water treatment and pumping services to the Township of East Brunswick under contract. The amount of water supply allocated
to the Township of East Brunswick is granted directly to the Township by the New Jersey Water Supply Authority. The Middlesex System produced
approximately 65 of our 2022 consolidated operating revenues. 

The Middlesex System s retail customers are
located in an area of approximately 55 square miles in Woodbridge Township, the City of South Amboy, the Boroughs of Metuchen and Carteret,
portions of the Township of Edison and the Borough of South Plainfield, all in Middlesex County, and a portion of the Township of Clark
in Union County. Retail customers include a mix of residential customers, large industrial concerns and commercial and light industrial
facilities. These customers are located in generally well-developed areas of central New Jersey. 

The contract customers of the Middlesex System comprise
an area of approximately 110 square miles with a population of over 200,000. Contract sales to the Townships of Edison and Marlboro, the
City of Rahway and the Old Bridge Municipal Utilities Authority are supplemental to the water systems owned and operated by these customers.
Middlesex is the sole source of water for the Borough of Highland Park and the Township of East Brunswick. 

Middlesex provides water service to approximately
300 customers in Cumberland County, New Jersey. This system is referred to as the Bayview System, and is not physically interconnected
with the Middlesex System. The Bayview System produced less than 0.1 of our 2022 consolidated operating revenues. 

Tidewater System 

Tidewater, together with its wholly-owned subsidiary,
Southern Shores, provides water services to approximately 56,000 retail customers for residential, commercial and fire protection purposes
in over 460 separate communities 

2 

Index 

in New Castle, Kent and Sussex Counties, Delaware. The Tidewater System produced approximately 26 of
our 2022 consolidated operating revenues. 

USA-PA 

USA-PA operates the City of Perth Amboy, New Jersey s
(Perth Amboy) water and wastewater systems under a 10-year agreement, which expires in December 2028. In addition to performing day-to
day operations, USA-PA is also responsible for emergency responses and management of capital projects funded by Perth Amboy. USA-PA produced
approximately 4 of our 2022 consolidated operating revenues. 

Pinelands Systems 

Pinelands Water provides water services to approximately
2,500 residential customers in Burlington County, New Jersey. Pinelands Water is not physically interconnected with the Middlesex System.
Pinelands Water produced approximately 1 of our 2022 consolidated operating revenues. 

Pinelands Wastewater provides wastewater collection
and treatment services to approximately 2,500 residential customers. Under contract, it also services one municipal wastewater system
in Burlington County, New Jersey with approximately 200 residential customers. Pinelands Wastewater produced approximately 1 of our 2022
consolidated operating revenues. 

USA 

USA operates the Borough
of Avalon, New Jersey s (Avalon) water utility, sewer utility and storm water system under a ten-year operations and maintenance
contract expiring in 2032. In addition to performing day-to-day service operations, USA is responsible for emergency responses and management
of capital projects funded by Avalon. 

USA operates the Borough
of Highland Park, New Jersey s (Highland Park) water utility and sewer utility under a ten-year operations and maintenance contract
expiring in 2030. 

USA also provides water and
wastewater services to several other New Jersey municipalities under contracts that are not regulated by a public utility commission as
to rates and service. 

Under a marketing agreement
with HomeServe USA Corp. (HomeServe) expiring in 2031, USA offers residential customers in New Jersey and Delaware various water and wastewater
related home maintenance programs. USA receives a service fee for the billing, cash collection and other administrative matters associated
with HomeServe s service contracts. 

USA produced approximately
2 of our 2022 consolidated operating revenues. 

White Marsh 

White Marsh operates or maintains water and/or wastewater
systems that serve approximately 4,500 service connections under 30 separate contracts. White Marsh also owns two commercial properties
that are leased to Tidewater for its administrative office campus and its field operations center. White Marsh produced approximately
1 of our 2022 consolidated operating revenues. 

3 

Index 

Financial Information 

Consolidated operating revenues, operating income and net income are as
follows: 

(Thousands of Dollars) 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 2020 

Operating Revenues 
 162,434 
 143,141 
 141,592 

Operating Income 
 47,333 
 33,211 
 37,420 

Net Income 
 42,429 
 36,543 
 38,425 

Operating revenues were earned from the following sources: 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 2020 

Residential 
 52.3 
 54.3 
 54.2 
 
 Commercial 
 14.0 
 11.7 
 10.9 
 
 Industrial 
 6.9 
 6.3 
 6.7 
 
 Fire Protection 
 7.8 
 8.8 
 8.8 
 
 Contract Sales 
 11.6 
 10.2 
 10.7 
 
 Contract Operations 
 7.4 
 8.6 
 8.6 
 
 Other 
 0.0 
 0.1 
 0.1 
 
 Total 
 100.0 
 100.0 
 100.0 

Water Supplies and Contracts 

Our New Jersey and Delaware water supply systems are
physically separate and are not interconnected. In New Jersey, the Pinelands System and Bayview System are not interconnected with the
Middlesex System or each other. We believe we have adequate sources of water supply to meet the current service requirements of our present
customers in New Jersey and Delaware. 

Middlesex System 

Our Middlesex System produced approximately 14.2 billion
gallons in 2022 from: 

The Carl J. Olsen Surface Water Treatment Plant (CJO Plant)-11.7 billion gallons; 

Twenty-seven Company-owned wells (ground water)-0.8 billion gallons, and; 

The balance purchased from a non-affiliated water utility regulated by the New Jersey Board of Public
Utilities (NJBPU) under an agreement which expires February 27, 2026. This agreement provides for minimum purchases of 3.0 million gallons
per day (mgd) of treated water with provisions for additional purchases. 

In December 2021, Middlesex temporarily ceased pumping
from its Company-owned wells at the Park Avenue Wellfield Treatment Plant in South Plainfield, New Jersey and alternate sources of supply
were obtained in order to comply with new State of New Jersey water quality regulations relative to poly- and perfluoroalkyl substances,
collectively referred to as PFAS that became effective in 2021. 

4 

Index 

Prior to 2021, the Company began design for
construction of an enhanced treatment process at the Park Avenue Wellfield Treatment Plant to meet the expected PFAS water quality
standards anticipated to be enacted by the State of New Jersey, which at that time were unknown as to their timing and extent. In
June 2022, a portion of the enhanced treatment process was completed, placed into service and is effectively treating the ground
water in compliance with all state and federal drinking water standards. 

The Middlesex System s distribution storage
facilities are used to supply water to customers at times of peak demand, outages and emergencies. 

The principal source of surface water for the Middlesex
System is the Delaware Raritan Canal, which is owned by the State of New Jersey and operated by the New Jersey Water Supply Authority
(NJWSA). Middlesex is under contract with the NJWSA, which expires November 30, 2023, and provides for average purchases of 27.0 mgd of
untreated water from the Delaware Raritan Canal, augmented by the Round Valley/Spruce Run Reservoir System. The untreated surface
water is pumped to, and treated at, the CJO Plant. 

Water supply to customers of the Bayview System is
derived from two wells, which produced approximately 6.4 million gallons in 2022. 

Tidewater System 

Our Tidewater System produced approximately 2.8 billion
gallons in 2022, primarily from 178 wells. Tidewater expects to submit applications to Delaware regulatory authorities for the approval
of additional wells as growth, customer demand and water quality warrant. Tidewater augments its water production with annual minimum
purchases of 15.0 million gallons of treated water under contract from the City of Dover, Delaware. Tidewater does not have a central
water treatment facility for the over 460 separate communities it serves. As the number has grown, many of Tidewater s individual
systems have been interconnected, forming several regional systems that are served by multiple water treatment facilities owned by Tidewater. 

Pinelands Water System 

Water supply to our Pinelands Water System is derived
from four wells which produced approximately 139.6 million gallons in 2022. The aggregate pumping capacity of the four wells is 2.2 mgd. 

Wastewater Facilities 

Pinelands Wastewater System 

The Pinelands Wastewater System discharges into the
South Branch of the Rancocas Creek through a wastewater treatment plant that provides clarification, sedimentation, filtration and disinfection.
The total capacity of the plant is 0.5 mgd, and the system treated approximately 93.7 million gallons in 2022. 

Human Capital Management 

The Company strives to attract and retain employees
by offering competitive compensation and benefits along with career development and training opportunities in a safe, supportive and inclusive
work environment. Our mission, our business philosophy and the manner in which we deliver value for our customers, our shareholders
and our employees is inherent in what we, as an enterprise, profess to be our core values of Respect, Integrity, Growth, Honesty
and Teamwork. Our employees success is a key element of the Company s success. 

Workforce 

As of December 31, 2022,
the Company had 350 employees. None of our employees are subject to a collective bargaining agreement. We believe our employee relations
are positive. 

5 

Index 

Employee Compensation
and Benefits 

We offer comprehensive competitive employee compensation
and benefit programs consistent with job functions, skill levels, experience, knowledge and geographic location. These programs are periodically
independently evaluated by a nationally recognized consulting firm to gauge effectiveness and are benchmarked against industry peers and
the overall markets in which we operate our businesses. Compensation increases and incentive compensation are based on merit, which is
communicated to employees and documented in our bi-annual performance evaluation process. Benefits include a variety of programs to enhance
employee overall physical, mental and financial health and well-being, including healthcare insurance, employer funded retirement savings
plans, life insurance, disability insurance, accident insurance, tuition reimbursement, flu shots, wellness newsletters and webinars,
flexible hybrid office and remote work capabilities, incentive programs for achieving fitness milestones, financial counseling, elder
care assistance, substance abuse support and more. 

Safety 

The Company has implemented safety programs and management
practices designed to promote a culture of safety to protect its employees. This includes required trainings for employees, as well as
specific qualifications and certifications for certain operational employees. All employees have been empowered to report, and immediately
stop, work which, in their personal judgement, is unsafe or is not consistent with our safety policies and procedures. They can take this
action without fear of reprisal. 

In response to the Coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic,
the Company continues to implement changes it determines are in the best interest of our employees and customers, as well as required
to comply with government emergency orders and regulations. While the nature of our utility services business requires portions of our
workforce to operate in the field and at treatment facilities, we employ and maintain a variety of processes to help ensure the safety
of those employees and the public in light of the pandemic. For further discussion of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the Company,
see Item 7 - Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation, Coronavirus (COVID-19 Pandemic . 

Employee Development
and Training 

The Company employs various training and other educational
programs and has developed company-wide and project-specific training and educational programs, including tuition assistance for full-time
employees enrolled in pre-approved undergraduate or graduate courses or professional licensing courses. All employees receive training
to identify and report operational and financial risks, as well as risks to Company brand and reputation, which fosters a personal culture
of accountability and reinforces our commitment to a safe and sustainable workplace. All employees receive cybersecurity training and
other education regarding their use of sensitive data. Our Executive Management team and our Board of Directors continually assess succession
plans, leadership development progress and policies and strategies regarding recruitment, retention, career development, diversity, equity
and inclusion. Formalized succession planning strategies have been developed for key leadership positions. 

Diversity, Equity Inclusion (DEI) 

The Company is committed
to DEI based upon our belief that embracing DEI is consistent with our Company culture and benefits all stakeholders by maintaining a
workforce with a variety of skills and perspectives as a result of their diverse backgrounds and experiences. The Company is a signatory
to CEO Action for Diversity and Inclusion, a business led initiative which encourages companies to cultivate environments that support
dialogue on DEI, implement and expand bias education and training and engage boards of directors in the development and evaluation of
inclusion and diversity strategies. The Company also delivered various DEI trainings throughout 2022 to its entire employee base. 

The Company is focused on
recruitment and/or development of both external and internal candidates so that all prospective and current employees are provided an
opportunity to advance their careers. We are intentional in our efforts to attract candidates from historically marginalized groups and
seek a diverse pool of candidates for 

6 

Index 

apprenticeships and internship opportunities. Statements on Diversity, Equity and Inclusion and
our Human Rights Policy can be found on our website. We continue to monitor the results of our DEI efforts and continually explore opportunities
to further engage our employees and customers. 

Competition 

Our business in our franchised service areas is substantially
free from direct competition for growth with other public utilities, municipalities and other entities. However, our ability to provide
contract wholesale water supply and operations and maintenance services that are not under the jurisdiction of a state public utility
commission is subject to competition from other public utilities, municipalities and other entities. Although Tidewater has been granted
exclusive franchises for its existing community water systems, the ability to expand service areas can be affected by the Delaware Public
Service Commission (DEPSC) awarding franchises to other regulated water utilities with whom we compete for such franchises and for projects. 

Regulation 

Our rates charged to customers for utility services,
the quality of the services we provide and certain other matters are regulated by the NJBPU and DEPSC (collectively, the Public Utility
Commissions). 

Our USA, USA-PA and White Marsh subsidiaries are not
regulated public utilities as related to rates and service quality. However, they are subject to federal and state environmental regulations
with respect to water quality and wastewater effluent quality to the extent such services are provided. 

We are subject to environmental and water quality
regulation by the following regulatory agencies (collectively, the Government Environmental Regulatory Agencies): 

United States Environmental Protection Agency (USEPA); 

New Jersey Department of Environmental Protection (NJDEP) with respect to operations in New Jersey; and 

Delaware Department of Natural Resources and Environmental Control, the Delaware Department of Health
and Social Services-Division of Public Health (DEDPH), and the Delaware River Basin Commission with respect to operations in Delaware. 

In addition, our issuances of equity securities are
subject to the prior approval of the NJBPU and require registration with the Securities Exchange Commission (SEC). Our issuances
of long-term debt securities are subject to the prior approval of the respective state Public Utility Commissions. 

Regulation of Rates and Services 

For regulated rate setting purposes, we account separately
for our regulated utility operations to facilitate independent rate setting by the applicable Public Utility Commissions. 

In determining our regulated utility rates, the respective
Public Utility Commissions consider the revenue, expenses and utility infrastructure used and useful in providing service to the public.
Rate determinations by the respective Public Utility Commissions do not guarantee achievement by our regulated utility companies of specific
rates of return for our regulated utility operations. Thus, we may not achieve the rates of return authorized by the Public Utility Commissions.
In addition, there can be no assurance that any future rate increases will be granted or, if granted, that they will be in the amounts
requested. 

Middlesex Rate Matters 

In December 2021, Middlesex s petition to the
NJBPU seeking permission to increase its base water rates was concluded, based on a negotiated settlement, resulting in an expected increase
in annual operating revenues of 27.7 million. The approved tariff rates were designed to recover increased operating costs, as well as
a return on invested capital of 513.5 million, based on an authorized return on common equity of 9.6 . The increase was implemented in
two phases with 20.7 million of the increase effective January 1, 2022 and the remaining 7.0 million effective 

7 

Index 

January 1, 2023. As part
of the negotiated settlement, the Purchased Water Adjustment Clause (PWAC), which is a rate mechanism that allows for recovery of increased
purchased water costs between base rate case filings, was reset to zero. 

In September 2022, the NJBPU approved Middlesex's
Emergency Relief Motion to permit Middlesex to reset its PWAC tariff rate to recover additional costs of 2.7 million for the purchase
of treated water from a non-affiliated regulated water utility. The increase, effective October 1, 2022, is on an interim basis and subject
to refund, with interest, pending final resolution expected in the second quarter of 2023. 

In March 2021, the NJBPU approved Middlesex s
annual petition to reset its PWAC tariff rate to recover additional costs of 1.1 million for the purchase of treated water from a non-affiliated
regulated water utility. The new PWAC rate became effective April 4, 2021. 

Tidewater Rate Matters 

On August 31, 2022, the DEPSC issued an Order requiring
Tidewater to reduce its base rates charged to general metered and private fire customers by 6 , effective for service rendered on and
after September 1, 2022. In June 2022, the Delaware Division of the Public Advocate had filed a petition with the DEPSC requesting that
Tidewater s rates be reduced based on the claim that Tidewater had been earning above its authorized rate of return. The rate reduction
is expected to reduce annual revenues by approximately 2.2 million. 

In March 2021, Tidewater was notified by the DEPSC
that it had determined Tidewater s earned rate of return exceeded the rate of return authorized by the DEPSC. Consequently, Tidewater
reset its Distribution System Improvement Charge (DSIC) rate to zero effective April 1, 2021 and refunded approximately 1.0 million to
customers primarily in the form of an account credit for DSIC revenue previously billed between April 1, 2020 and March 31, 2021. A DSIC
is a rate-mechanism that allows water utilities to recover investments in, and generate a return on, qualifying capital improvements made
between base rate proceedings. 

Pinelands Rate Matters 

In September 2022, Pinelands Water and Pinelands Wastewater
filed separate petitions with the NJBPU seeking permission to increase base rates by approximately 0.6 million and 0.4 million per year,
respectively. These requests were necessitated by capital infrastructure investments both companies have made, or have committed to make,
and increased operations and maintenance costs. We cannot predict whether the NJBPU will ultimately approve, deny, or reduce the amount
of the requests. A decision by the NJBPU in both matters is expected in the first quarter of 2023. 

Southern Shores Rate Matters 

Effective January 1, 2020, the DEPSC approved the
renewal of a multi-year agreement for water service to a 2,200 unit condominium community we serve in Sussex County, Delaware. Under
the agreement, current rates were to remain in effect until December 31, 2024, unless there are unanticipated capital expenditures or
regulatory related changes in operating expenses exceeding certain thresholds during this time period. In 2022, capital expenditures did
exceed the established threshold and rates were increased by 5.39 , effective January 1, 2023. Beginning in 2025 and thereafter, inflation
based rate increases cannot exceed the lesser of the regional Consumer Price Index or, 3 . Inflation based increases are in addition to
the threshold rate increases. This agreement expires on December 31, 2029. 

Future Rate Filings 

Management monitors the need for rate relief for our
regulated entities on an ongoing basis. When capital improvements and/or increases in operation, maintenance or other costs indicate a
need for rate relief, base rate increase requests are filed with the respective Public Utility Commissions. 

8 

Index 

Regulatory Service Matters 

Twin Lakes Utilities, Inc. (Twin Lakes) provides water
services to approximately 115 residential customers in Shohola, Pennsylvania. Pursuant to the Pennsylvania Public Utility Code, Twin Lakes
filed a petition requesting the Pennsylvania Public Utilities Commission (PAPUC) to order the acquisition of Twin Lakes by a capable public
utility. The PAPUC assigned an Administrative Law Judge (ALJ) to adjudicate the matter and submit a recommended decision (Recommended
Decision) to the PAPUC. As part of this legal proceeding the PAPUC also issued an Order in January 2021 appointing a large Pennsylvania
based investor-owned water utility as the receiver (the Receiver Utility) of the Twin Lakes system until the petition is fully adjudicated
by the PAPUC. In November 2021, the PAPUC issued an Order affirming the ALJ s Recommended Decision, ordering the Receiver
Utility to acquire the Twin Lakes water system and for Middlesex to submit 1.7 million into an escrow account within 30 days. Twin Lakes
immediately filed a Petition For Review (PFR) with the Commonwealth Court of Pennsylvania (the Pennsylvania Court) seeking reversal and
vacation of the escrow requirement on the grounds that it violates the Pennsylvania Public Utility Code as well as the United States Constitution.
In addition, Twin Lakes filed an emergency petition for stay of the PAPUC Order pending the Pennsylvania Court s review of the merits
arguments contained in Twin Lakes PFR. In December 2021, the Pennsylvania Court granted Twin Lakes emergency petition, pending
its review. In August 2022, the Commonwealth Court issued an opinion upholding PAPUC s November 2021 Order in its entirety. In September
2022, Twin Lakes filed a Petition For Allowance of Appeal to the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania seeking reversal of the Commonwealth Court s
decision to uphold the escrow requirement on the grounds that the Pennsylvania Court erred in failing to address Twin Lakes constitutional
claims. The timing of the final decision by the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania and the final adjudication of this matter cannot be predicted
at this time. 

The financial results, total assets and financial
obligations of Twin Lakes are not material to Middlesex. 

COVID-19 Pandemic 

The NJBPU and the DEPSC have allowed for potential
future recovery in customer rates of incremental costs related to the COVID-19 pandemic. The Company has not deferred any COVID-19
related incremental costs. Neither jurisdiction has yet to establish a timeline or definitive formal procedures for seeking cost
recovery (for further discussion of the impact of COVID-19 on the Company, see Item 7 - Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, Coronavirus (COVID-19 )). 

Water and Wastewater Quality and Environmental Regulations 

Government environmental regulatory agencies regulate
our operations in New Jersey and Delaware with respect to water supply, treatment and distribution systems and the quality of the water. 
They also regulate our operations with respect to wastewater collection, treatment and disposal. 

Regulations relating to water quality require us to
perform tests to ensure our water meets state and federal quality requirements. In addition, government environmental regulatory agencies
continuously review current regulations governing the limits of certain organic compounds found in the water as byproducts of the treatment
process. We participate in industry-related research to identify technologies that may reduce the level of organic, inorganic and synthetic
compounds found in water. The cost to water utilities to comply with any proposed water quality standards depends in part on the limits
set in the regulations and on the method selected to treat the water to the required standards. We regularly test our water to determine
compliance with government environmental regulatory agencies water quality standards. 

In September 2021, the NJDEP issued a Notice of Non-Compliance
(Notice) to Middlesex based on self-reporting by Middlesex that the level of Perfluorooctanoic Acid (PFOA) in water treated at its Park
Avenue Wellfield Treatment Plant in South Plainfield, New Jersey exceeded a recently promulgated NJDEP standard effective in 2021. The
NJDEP standard for PFOA was developed based on a Health-based Maximum Contaminant Level of 14 parts per trillion. Neither the NJDEP nor
Middlesex characterized this exceedance as an acute health threat. 

9 

Index 

However, Middlesex was required to notify its affected customers and
complied in November 2021 as required by the regulation. 

The Notice further required the Company to take
any action necessary to comply with the new standard by September 7, 2022. Prior to 2021, the Company began design for construction
of an enhanced treatment process at the Park Avenue Wellfield Treatment Plant to meet the expected PFAS water quality standards
anticipated to be enacted by the State of New Jersey, which at that time were unknown as to their timing and extent. Since
completion was not expected until mid-2023, in December 2021, the Company implemented an interim solution to meet the Notice
requirements. The Park Avenue Wellfield Treatment Plant was temporarily taken off-line and alternate sources of supply were
obtained. Simultaneously, the Company accelerated a portion of the enhanced treatment project to allow a restart of the Park Avenue
Wellfield Treatment Plant ahead of historical higher water demand periods during the summer months. 

In June 2022, a portion of the enhanced treatment
process was completed, placed into service and is effectively treating the ground water in compliance with all state and federal drinking
water standards. 

In addition to the enhanced groundwater treatment
process for PFAS, we treat the groundwater supplies in our Middlesex System with chlorination for primary disinfection purposes and use
air stripping for removal of volatile organic compounds. 

Surface water treatment in our Middlesex System
is by conventional treatment; coagulation, sedimentation and filtration. The treatment process includes pH adjustment, ozone and chlorination
for disinfection, and corrosion control for the distribution system. 

Treatment of groundwater in our Tidewater System is
by chlorination for disinfection purposes and, in some cases, pH adjustment and filtration for nitrate and iron removal and granular activated
carbon filtration for organics removal. Chloramination is used for final disinfection at Southern Shores. 

Treatment of groundwater in the Pinelands Water and
Bayview Systems (primary disinfection only) is performed at individual well sites. 

Treatment of wastewater in the Pinelands Wastewater
System includes the use of rotating biological contactors. 

The NJDEP and DEDPH monitor our activities and review
the results of water quality tests that are performed for adherence to applicable regulations. Other applicable regulations include the
Federal Lead and Copper Rule, the Federal Surface Water Treatment Rule and the Federal Total Coliform Rule and regulations for maximum
contaminant levels established for various volatile organic compounds. 

The Company must comply with various environmental
laws and regulations promulgated by the USEPA, NJDEP and other governmental agencies, including the Toxic Catastrophe Prevention Act,
the Spill Prevention, Control, and Countermeasure Rule and the Discharge Prevention Program of the New Jersey Spill Compensation and Control
Act. 

Seasonality 

Customer demand for our water during the warmer months
is generally greater than other times of the year due primarily to additional consumption of water in connection with irrigation systems,
swimming pools, cooling systems and other outside water use. Throughout the year, and particularly during typically warmer months, demand
may vary with temperature and rainfall timing and overall levels. In the event that temperatures during the typically warmer months are
cooler than normal, or if there is more rainfall than normal, the customer demand for our water may decrease and therefore, adversely
affect our revenues. 

10 

Index 

Management 

This table lists information concerning our executive management
team: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Principal Position(s) 
 
 Dennis W. Doll 
 
 64 
 
 President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors 
 
 A. Bruce O Connor 
 
 64 
 
 Senior Vice President, Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer 
 
 G. Christian Andreasen, Jr. 
 
 63 
 
 Vice President-Enterprise Engineering 
 
 Robert K. Fullagar 
 
 56 
 
 Vice President-Operations 
 
 Lorrie B. Ginegaw 
 
 47 
 
 Vice President-Human Resources 
 
 Jay L. Kooper 
 
 50 
 
 Vice President-General Counsel and Secretary 
 
 Georgia M. Simpson 
 
 49 
 
 Vice President-Information Technology 
 
 Bernadette M. Sohler 
 
 62 
 
 Vice President-Corporate Affairs 

Dennis W. Doll 
Mr. Doll joined the Company as Executive Vice President in November 2004 and was named President and Chief Executive Officer, and a Director
of Middlesex, effective January 1, 2006. In May 2010, he was elected Chairman of the Board, also serving as Chairman of the Boards
of the Company s subsidiary companies. He is a Past President of the National Association of Water Companies and past Chairman of
the Board of the New Jersey Utilities Association, representing the state s electric, gas, water and telecommunications industries.
He is a past Chairman of the Board of The Water Research Foundation where he continues to serve as Director Emeritus, and has served as
a Director and member of the Executive Committee of the Board of Directors of the American Water Works Association. He presently serves
as Treasurer and member of the Board of Court Appointed Special Advocates of Middlesex County, NJ serving the needs of children living
in foster care. 

A. Bruce O Connor Mr. O Connor,
a Certified Public Accountant, joined the Company in 1990 and was named Vice President and Chief Financial Officer in 1996 and Treasurer
in 2014. On January 1, 2019, Mr. O Connor was appointed Senior Vice President of Middlesex and President of Tidewater and White
Marsh. Mr. O Connor is also the principal financial officer and a Director of all Middlesex subsidiaries. 

G. Christian Andreasen, Jr. Mr. Andreasen,
a licensed professional engineer, joined the Company in 1982, was named Assistant Vice President-Enterprise Engineering in January 2019
and promoted to Vice President-Enterprise Engineering in July 2019. He is President and a Director of Pinelands Water and Pinelands Wastewater.
Mr. Andreasen serves as a Member and Vice Chair of the NJDEP s Water Supply Advisory Council. 

Robert K. Fullagar 	 Mr.
Fullagar, a licensed professional engineer, joined the Company in 1997, was named Assistant Vice President-Operations in January 2019
and promoted to Vice President-Operations in July 2019. He is President and a Director of USA-PA, USA and Twin Lakes. Mr. Fullagar serves
as Sector Chair of the New Jersey Infrastructure Advisory Committee. 

Lorrie B. Ginegaw Ms. Ginegaw joined
Tidewater in 2004 and in 2007 was promoted to Director of Human Resources for Middlesex. In March 2012, Ms. Ginegaw was named Vice President-Human
Resources. Prior to joining the Company, Ms. Ginegaw worked in various human resources positions in the healthcare and transportation/logistics
industries. Ms. Ginegaw serves as a volunteer director on the Board of the New Jersey Utilities Association. 

Jay L. Kooper Mr. Kooper joined the
Company in 2014 as Vice President and General Counsel and serves as Secretary for the Company and all subsidiaries. Prior to joining the
Company, Mr. Kooper held various positions in private and public entities as well as in private law practice, representing electric, gas,
water, wastewater, telephone and cable companies as well as municipalities and private clients before 17 state public utility commissions
and legislatures, federal agencies and federal and state appellate courts. Mr. Kooper serves as a volunteer director on selected
non-profit utility industry-related Boards including the National Association of Water Companies (current Director and Chairman of the
New Jersey Chapter) and the New Jersey State Bar Association s Public Utility Law Section (current Consultor and Past Chairman)
and on other non-profit boards based in New 

11 

Index 

Jersey, including as President of Temple B Nai Abraham in Livingston, New Jersey and
as a Director of the Crohn s and Colitis Foundation s New Jersey Chapter. 

Georgia M. Simpson Ms. Simpson joined
the Company in 2009, was named Assistant Vice President-Information Technology in January 2019 and promoted to Vice President- Information
Technology in July 2019. In April 2022, Ms. Simpson was named Chief Technology Officer. Prior to joining the Company, Ms. Simpson held
various Information Technology positions and has gained an extensive array of technical and business computer certifications. Ms.
Simpson serves as a member of the Delaware Cyber Security Advisory Council, the Society for Information Management, New Jersey chapter
and the Project Management Institute, New Jersey chapter. 

Bernadette M. Sohler Ms. Sohler joined
the Company in 1994 and was named Vice President-Corporate Affairs in March 2007. She also serves as Vice President of USA. Prior to joining
the Company, Ms. Sohler held marketing and public relations management positions in the financial services industry. Ms. Sohler serves
as a volunteer director on area Chambers of Commerce and several other non-profit Boards and is the former Chair of the New Jersey Utilities
Association s Communications Committee. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS. 

Operational Risks 

Weather conditions and overuse of underground aquifers may interfere
with our sources of water, demand for water services and our ability to supply water to customers. 

Our ability to meet current and future water demands
of our customers depends on the availability of an adequate supply of water. Unexpected conditions may interfere with our water supply
sources. Drought and overuse of underground aquifers may limit the availability of ground and/or surface water. Freezing weather may also
contribute to water transmission interruptions caused by water main breakage. Any interruption in our water supply could cause a reduction
in our revenue and profitability. These factors may adversely affect our ability to supply water in sufficient quantities to our customers.
Governmental drought restrictions may result in decreased customer demand for water services and can adversely affect our revenue and
earnings. 

Our water sources or water service provided to
customers may become contaminated by naturally-occurring or man-made compounds and events. This may cause disruption in services and impose
operational and regulatory enforcement costs upon us to restore the water to required levels of quality as well as may damage our reputation
and cause private litigation claims against us . 

Our sources of water or water in our distribution
systems may become contaminated by naturally-occurring or man-made compounds or other events. In the event that any portion of our water
supply sources or water distribution systems is contaminated, we may need to interrupt service to our customers until we are able to remediate
the contamination or substitute the flow of water from an uncontaminated water source through existing interconnections with other water
purveyors or through our transmission and distribution systems, where possible. We may also incur significant costs in treating any contaminated
water, or remediating the effects on our treatment and distribution systems, through the use of our current treatment facilities, or development
of new treatment methods. Our inability to substitute water supply from an uncontaminated water source, or to adequately treat the contaminated
water supply in a cost-effective manner, may reduce our revenues or increase our expenses and make us less profitable. 

We may be unable to recover costs associated with
treating water supplies through rates or, recovery of these costs may not occur in a timely manner. In addition, we could be subject to
claims for damages arising from government enforcement actions or legal actions arising out of interruption of service or perceived human
exposure to hazardous substances in our drinking water and water supplies. Such costs could adversely affect our financial results. 

Contamination of the water supply or the water service
provided to our customers could result in substantial injury or damage to our customers, employees or others and we could be exposed to
substantial claims and litigation, which are inherently subject to uncertainties and are potentially subject to unfavorable regulatory
and/or legal 

12 

Index 

actions. Negative impacts to our profitability and/or our reputation may occur even if we are not responsible for the contamination
or the consequences arising out of human exposure to contamination or hazardous substances in the water supplies. Pending or future claims
against us could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

The necessity for ongoing physical and technological security has resulted,
and may continue to result, in increased operating costs. 

Because of physical and technological threats to the
health and security of the United States of America, we employ procedures to review and modify security measures. We provide ongoing training
and communications to our employees about threats to our water supply, our assets and related systems and our employees personal
safety. We have incurred, and will continue to incur, costs for security measures in efforts to protect against such risks. 

Climate variability may cause weather volatility
in the future, which may impact water usage and related revenue or, may require additional expenditures to reduce risk associated with
any increasing storm, flood, drought or other weather occurrences. 

Increased climate variability may cause increased
precipitation and flooding, increased frequency and severity of storms and other weather events, potential degradation of water quality,
decreases in available water supply, changes in water usage patterns and disruptions in service. Because of the uncertainty of weather
volatility related to climate variability, we cannot predict its potential impact on our financial condition, results of operations, cash
flows and liquidity. Although some or all potential expenditures and costs with respect to our regulated businesses could be recovered
through rates we charge to our customers, there can be no assurance that the NJBPU or the DEPSC would authorize recovery of such costs,
in whole or in part. 

Regulatory Risks 

Our revenue and earnings depend on the rates we
charge our customers. We cannot raise utility rates in our regulated businesses without petitioning the appropriate Utility Commissions.
If these agencies modify, delay or deny our petition, our revenues will not increase and our earnings will decline unless we are able
to reduce costs without degrading service quality. 

The NJBPU regulates our public utility companies in
New Jersey with respect to rates and charges for service, classification of accounts, awards of new service territory, acquisitions, financings
and other matters. That means, for example, that we cannot raise the utility rates we charge to our customers without first petitioning
the NJBPU and navigating a lengthy administrative process. Similarly, the DEPSC regulates our public utility companies in Delaware. We
cannot provide assurance as to when we will request approval for any such matter, nor can we predict whether these Utility Commissions
will approve, deny or reduce the amount of such requests. 

Certain costs are not completely within our control.
The failure to obtain any rate increase would prevent us from increasing our revenues and, unless we are able to reduce costs without
degrading service quality, would result in reduced earnings. 

We are subject to environmental laws and regulations,
including water quality and wastewater effluent quality regulations, as well as other state and local regulations. Compliance with those
laws and regulations requires us to incur costs and we are subject to fines or other sanctions for non-compliance. 

Government environmental regulatory agencies regulate
our operations in New Jersey and Delaware with respect to water supply, treatment and distribution systems and the quality of water. Government
environmental regulatory agencies also regulate our operations in New Jersey and Delaware with respect to wastewater collection, treatment
and disposal. 

Government environmental regulatory agencies 
regulations relating to water quality require us to perform expanded types of testing to ensure our water meets state and federal water
quality requirements. We are subject to USEPA regulations under the Federal Safe Drinking Water Act and under the Federal Clean Water
Act regarding 

13 

Index 

wastewater services. Regulations under the Safe Drinking Water Act include the Lead and Copper Rule, the maximum contaminant
levels established for various volatile organic compounds, the Federal Surface Water Treatment Rule and the Total Coliform Rule. There
are also similar NJDEP regulations for our New Jersey water systems. The NJDEP and DEDPH a monitor our activities and review the results
of water quality tests we perform for adherence to applicable regulations. In addition, Government Environmental Regulatory Agencies are
continually reviewing regulations governing the limits of certain organic compounds found in the water as byproducts of treatment. 

We are also subject to regulations related to fire
protection services in New Jersey and Delaware. In New Jersey there is no state-wide fire protection regulatory agency. However, New Jersey
regulations exist as to the size of piping required regarding the provision of fire protection services. In Delaware, fire protection
is regulated statewide by the Office of State Fire Marshal. 

The cost of compliance with the water and wastewater
effluent quality standards depends in part on the limits set in the regulations and on the methods selected to comply with these standards.
If new or more restrictive standards are imposed, the cost of compliance could increase and therefore, have an adverse impact on our revenues
and results of operations if we cannot recover those costs through the rates we charge our customers. The cost of compliance with fire
protection requirements could also increase and make us less profitable if we cannot recover those costs through our rates charged to
our customers. 

The Company must comply with various environmental
laws and regulations promulgated by the USEPA, NJDEP and other governmental agencies, including the Toxic Catastrophe Prevention Act,
the Spill Prevention, Control, and Countermeasure Rule and the Discharge Prevention Program of the New Jersey Spill Compensation and Control
Act. If we fail to comply with environmental or other laws and regulations to which our business is subject, we could be fined or subject
to other sanctions, which could adversely impact our business or results of operations. 

Financial Risks 

We depend upon our ability to raise money in the capital markets to
finance some of the costs of complying with laws and regulations, including environmental laws and regulations or to pay for some of the
costs of improvements to or the expansion of our utility system assets. Our regulated utility companies cannot issue debt or equity securities
without prior regulatory approval. 

We require financing from external sources to fund
the ongoing capital program for the improvement in our utility system assets and for planned expansion of those systems. We expect to
spend approximately 266 million for capital projects through 2025. We must obtain prior approval from our economic regulators to sell
debt or equity securities to raise capital for these projects. If sufficient capital is not available, or the cost of capital is too high,
or if the regulatory authorities deny our petition to sell debt or equity securities, we may not be able to meet the costs of complying
with environmental laws and regulations or the costs of improving and expanding our utility system assets to the level we believe operationally
prudent. This may result in the imposition of fines from environmental regulators or restrictions on our operations which could curtail
our ability to upgrade or replace utility system assets. 

We face competition from other utilities and service
providers which might hinder our growth opportunities and mitigate our future profitability. 

We face risks of competition from other utilities
or other entities authorized by federal, state or local agencies to expand rate-regulated or contracted utility services. Once a state
utility regulator grants a franchise to a public utility to serve a specific territory, that utility effectively has an exclusive right
to service that territory. Although a new franchise offers some protection against competitors, the pursuit of franchises is often competitive,
particularly in Delaware, where new franchises may be awarded to utilities based upon competitive negotiation. Competing entities have
challenged, and may challenge in the future, our applications for new franchises. Also, third parties entering into agreements to operate
municipal utility systems may adversely affect the management of our long-term agreements to supply water or wastewater services on a
contract basis to those municipalities, which could adversely affect our financial results. 

14 

Index 

We have short-term and long-term contractual obligations for water,
wastewater and storm water system operation and maintenance under which we may incur costs in excess of payments received. 

USA-PA and USA operate and maintain water and wastewater
systems for three New Jersey municipalities under 10-year contracts expiring in 2028, 2030 and 2032, respectively. These contracts do
not protect us against incurring costs in excess of revenues we earn pursuant to the contracts. There can be no absolute assurance we
will not experience losses resulting from these contracts. Losses under these contracts, or our failure or inability to perform or renew
such agreements, may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

Capital market conditions and key assumptions may
adversely impact the value of our postretirement benefit plan assets and liabilities. 

Market factors can adversely affect the rate of return
on assets held in trusts to satisfy our future postretirement benefit obligations, as well negatively affect interest rates, which impacts
the discount rates used in the determination of our postretirement benefit actuarial valuations. In addition, changes in demographics,
such as increases in life expectancy assumptions, can increase future postretirement benefit obligations. Any negative impact to these
factors, either individually or a combination thereof, may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

An element of our growth strategy is the acquisition
of water and wastewater assets, operations, contracts or companies. Any pending or future acquisitions we decide to undertake will involve
risks. 

The acquisition and/or operation of water and wastewater
systems is an element of our growth strategy. This strategy depends on identifying suitable opportunities that meet our risk/reward profile
and reaching mutually agreeable terms with acquisition candidates or contract parties. Further, acquisitions may result in dilution in
the value of our equity securities, incurrence of debt and contingent liabilities and fluctuations in financial results. In addition,
the assets, operations, contracts or companies we acquire may not achieve the revenues and profitability projected. 

Our ability to achieve organic customer growth in our market area is
dependent on the residential building market. New housing starts and home sale closings are one element that impacts our rate of growth
and therefore, may not meet our expectations. 

We expect our revenues to increase from customer growth
for our regulated water operations as a result of anticipated construction, sale and close of new housing units. If housing
starts decline, or do not increase as we have projected, or home sales closing cycle times increase as a result of economic conditions
or otherwise, the timing and extent of our organic revenue growth may not meet our expectations, our deferred project costs may not produce
revenue-generating projects in the timeframes anticipated and our financial results could be negatively impacted. 

There can be no assurance we will continue to pay dividends in the future
or, if dividends are paid, that they will be in amounts similar to past dividends. 

We have paid dividends on our common stock each year
since 1912 and have increased the amount of dividends paid each year since 1973. Our earnings, financial condition, capital requirements,
applicable regulations and other factors, including the timeliness and adequacy of rate increases, will determine both our ability to
pay dividends and the amount of those dividends. There can be no assurance we will continue to pay dividends in the future or, if dividends
are paid, that they will be in amounts similar to past dividends. 

If we are unable to pay the principal and interest
on our indebtedness as it comes due or we default under certain other provisions of our loan documents, our indebtedness could be accelerated
and our results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. 

Our ability to pay the principal and interest on our
indebtedness as it comes due will depend upon our current and future performance. Our performance is affected by many factors, some of
which are beyond our control. 

15 

Index 

We believe cash generated from operations and, if
necessary, borrowings under existing credit facilities, will be sufficient to enable us to make our debt payments as they become due.
If, however, we do not generate sufficient cash, we may be required to refinance our obligations or sell additional equity, which may
be on terms that are less favorable than we desire. 

No assurance can be given that any refinancing or
sale of equity will be possible when needed, or that we will be able to negotiate acceptable terms. In addition, our failure to comply
with certain provisions contained in our trust indentures and loan agreements relating to our outstanding indebtedness could lead to a
default under these documents, which could result in an acceleration of our indebtedness. 

Our business is subject to seasonal fluctuations,
which could affect demand for our water service and our revenues. 

Demand for our water during the warmer months is generally
greater than during colder months due primarily to additional consumption of water in connection with irrigation systems, swimming pools,
cooling systems and other outdoor water use. Throughout the year, and particularly during typically warmer months, demand may vary with
temperature and rainfall levels. In the event that temperatures during the typically warmer months are cooler than normal, or if there
is more rainfall than normal, the demand for our water may decrease and adversely affect our revenues. 

General economic conditions may materially and
adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 

Adverse economic conditions could negatively impact
our customers water usage demands, particularly the level of water usage demand by our commercial and industrial customers in our
Middlesex System. If water demand by our commercial and industrial customers in our Middlesex System decreases, our financial condition
and results of operations could be negatively impacted until completion of a subsequent base rate filing. 

The current concentration of our business in central
New Jersey and in Delaware makes us susceptible to adverse developments in local regulatory, economic, demographic, competitive and weather
conditions. 

Our Middlesex System provides water services to customers
located primarily in eastern Middlesex County, New Jersey. Water service is provided under wholesale contracts to the Townships of Edison,
East Brunswick and Marlboro, the Borough of Highland Park, the Old Bridge Municipal Utilities Authority and the City of Rahway. We also
provide water services to customers in the State of Delaware. Our revenues and operating results are therefore subject to local regulatory,
economic, demographic, competitive and weather conditions in a relatively concentrated geographic area. A change in any of these conditions
could make it more costly for us to conduct our business. 

We are subject to anti-takeover measures that may
be used to discourage, delay or prevent changes of control that might benefit non-management shareholders. 

Subsection 10A of the New Jersey Business Corporation
Act, known as the New Jersey Shareholders Protection Act, applies to us. The Shareholders Protection Act deters merger proposals, tender
offers or other attempts to effect changes in control that are not approved by our Board of Directors. In addition, we have a classified
Board of Directors, which means only a portion of the Director population is elected each year. A classified Board can make it more difficult
for an acquirer to gain control of the Company by voting its candidates onto the Board of Directors and may also deter merger proposals
and tender offers. Our Board of Directors also has the ability, subject to obtaining NJBPU approval, to issue one or more series of preferred
stock having such number of shares, designation, preferences, voting rights, limitations and other rights as the Board of Directors may
fix. This could be used by the Board of Directors to discourage, delay or prevent an acquisition the Board of Directors determines is
not in the best interest of the common shareholders. 

16 

Index 

General Risks 

We rely on our information technology systems to help manage our operations.

Our information technology systems require periodic
modifications, upgrades and/or replacement which subject us to costs and risks including potential disruption of our internal control
structure, substantial unanticipated capital expenditures, additional operating expenses, retention of sufficiently skilled personnel
and other risks in transitioning to new systems or integrating new systems. A failure to modify, upgrade or replace our information technology
systems could have an adverse impact on our business. In addition, challenges implementing new technology systems may cause disruptions
in our business operations and have an adverse effect on our business operations. 

Our information technology systems may be subject to physical and cyber
attacks. 

We rely on our computer, information and communications
technology systems in connection with the operation of our business, especially with respect to customer service and billing, accounting
and, in some cases, the monitoring and operation of our operating facilities. Our computer and communications systems and operations
could be damaged or interrupted by natural disasters, cyber-attacks, power loss and internet, telecommunications or data network failures
or acts of war or terrorism or similar events or disruptions. Any of these or other events could cause service interruption, delays
and loss of critical data or, impede aspects of operations and therefore, adversely affect our financial results. 

Cyber-attacks could result in the loss, or compromise,
of customer, financial or operational data, disruption of billing, collections or normal field service activities, disruption of electronic
monitoring and control of operational systems and delays in financial reporting and other management functions. Possible impacts associated
with a cyber-incident may include remediation costs related to lost, stolen, or compromised data, repairs to data processing systems,
increased cyber security protection costs, adverse effects on our compliance with regulatory and environmental laws and regulations, including
standards for drinking water, litigation and reputational damage. 

The COVID-19 pandemic and the attempt to contain it may harm our business,
results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. 

In January 2023, the United States Secretary of Health
and Human Services renewed the determination that a nationwide health emergency exists as a result of the COVID-19 Pandemic with an announced
end to the declared health emergency on May 11, 2023. While the Company s operations and capital construction program have not been
materially disrupted to date from the pandemic, the impact on economic conditions nationally and the areas the Company operates continues
to be uncertain and could affect the Company s results of operations, financial condition and liquidity in the future. 

We depend significantly on the technical and management
services of our team, and the departure of any of certain persons could cause our operating results to temporarily be short of our expectations. 

Our success depends significantly on the continued
individual and collective contributions of our team. If we lose the services of certain members of our team, or are unable to attract
and retain qualified personnel in key roles, our operating results could be negatively impacted. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS. 

None. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES. 

Utility Plant 

The water utility plant in our systems consists of
source of supply, pumping, water treatment, transmission and distribution, general facilities and all appurtenances, including all connecting
pipes. 

17 

Index 

The wastewater utility plant in our systems consist
of pumping, treatment, collection mains, general facilities and all appurtenances, including all connecting pipes. 

We believe our water and wastewater utility plant
facilities are sufficient for the operations of the Company. 

Middlesex System 

The Middlesex System s principal source of surface
supply is the Delaware Raritan Canal owned by the State of New Jersey and operated as a water resource by the NJWSA. 

Water is withdrawn from the Delaware Raritan
Canal at New Brunswick, New Jersey through our intake and pumping station, located on state-owned land bordering the canal. Water is transported
through two raw water pipelines for treatment and distribution at our CJO Plant in Edison, New Jersey. 

The CJO Plant includes chemical storage and chemical
feed equipment, two dual rapid mixing basins, four upflow clarifiers which are also called superpulsators, two ozone contactors, twelve
rapid filters containing gravel, sand and anthracite for water treatment and a steel washwater tank. The CJO Plant also includes a computerized
Supervisory Control and Data Acquisitions system to monitor and control the CJO Plant and the water supply and distribution system in
the Middlesex System. There is a State of New Jersey certified on-site laboratory capable of performing bacteriological, chemical, process
control and advanced instrumental chemical sampling and analysis. The firm design capacity of the CJO Plant is 55 mgd (60 mgd maximum
capacity). The five electric motor-driven, vertical turbine pumps presently installed have an aggregate capacity of 85 mgd. 

In addition, there is a 15 mgd auxiliary pumping station
on-site at the CJO Plant location. It has a dedicated substation and emergency power supply provided by a diesel-driven generator. It
pumps from the 10 million gallon distribution storage reservoir directly into the distribution system. 

The transmission and distribution system is comprised
of 746 miles of mains and includes 24,300 feet of 48-inch concrete transmission main and 23,400 feet of 42-inch ductile iron transmission
main connecting the CJO Plant to our distribution pipe network and related storage facilities. Also included are a 58,600 foot transmission
main and a 38,800 foot transmission main, augmented with a long-term, non-exclusive agreement with East Brunswick to transport water through
the East Brunswick system to several of our other contract customers. 

The Middlesex System s storage facilities consist
of a 10 million gallon reservoir at the CJO Plant, 5 million gallon and 2 million gallon reservoirs in Edison and a 2 million gallon reservoir
at the Park Avenue Well Field. 

In New Jersey, we own the properties on which the
Middlesex System s 27 wells are located, the properties on which our storage tanks are located as well as the property where the
CJO Plant is located. We own our operations center located at 1500 Ronson Road, Iselin, New Jersey, consisting of a 27,000 square foot
office building, 16,500 square foot maintenance facility and a 1.96 acre equipment and materials storage and staging yard. We lease 29,036
square feet of commercial office space adjacent to the Ronson Road complex. The leased space, which is under contract through 2028, houses
our corporate administrative functions including executive, accounting, customer service and billing, engineering, human resources, information
technology and legal. 

Tidewater System 

The Tidewater System is comprised of 87 production
plants that vary in pumping capacity from 46,000 gallons per day to 4.4 mgd. Water is transported to our customers through 888 miles of
transmission and distribution mains. Storage facilities include 46 tanks, with an aggregate capacity of 7.9 million gallons. The Delaware
office property, located on an eleven-acre parcel owned by White Marsh, consists of two office buildings totaling approximately 17,000
square feet. In addition, Tidewater maintains a field operations center servicing its largest service territory in Sussex County, Delaware.
The operations center is located on a 2.9 acre parcel owned by White Marsh, and consists of three buildings totaling approximately 12,000
square feet. 

18 

Index 

Pinelands Water System 

Pinelands Water owns well site and storage properties
in Southampton Township, New Jersey. The Pinelands Water storage facility is a 1.3 million gallon standpipe. Water is transported to our
customers through 18 miles of transmission and distribution mains. 

Pinelands Wastewater System 

Pinelands Wastewater owns a 12 acre site on which
its 0.5 mgd capacity wastewater treatment plant and connecting pipes are located. Its wastewater collection system is comprised of approximately
24 miles of sewer lines. 

Bayview System 

The Bayview System includes two well sites, which
are located in Downe Township, Cumberland County, New Jersey. Water is transported to its customers through our 4.2 mile distribution
system. 

USA-PA, USA and White Marsh 

Our non-regulated subsidiaries, namely USA-PA, USA
and White Marsh, do not own utility plant property. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. 

PFOA Regulatory Notice of Non-Compliance 
 In September 2021, the NJDEP issued a Notice to Middlesex based on self-reporting by Middlesex that the level of PFOA in water treated
at its Park Avenue Wellfield Treatment Plant in New Jersey exceeded a recently promulgated NJDEP standard effective in 2021. Neither the
NJDEP nor Middlesex characterized this exceedance as an acute health emergency. However, Middlesex was required to notify its affected
customers and the Company complied in due course. Water currently being delivered to customers is in compliance
with all USEPA and NJDEP drinking water standards, including the newly established water quality standard for PFOA. 

In November 2021, the Company was served with two
PFOA-related class action lawsuits seeking restitution for medical, water filter replacement and other claimed related costs. These lawsuits
are in the early stages of the legal process and their ultimate resolution cannot be predicted at this time. The Company s insurance
provider has acknowledged coverage of potential liability resulting from these lawsuits. For further discussion of this matter, see Item
7 - Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, Regulatory Notice of Non-Compliance.
 The following summarizes the legal complaints brought against Middlesex related to this matter: 

Vera et al. v. Middlesex Water Company - On October 29, 2021, a complaint was filed in the
Superior Court of New Jersey, Middlesex County seeking restitution, equitable and injunctive relief for the costs of (1) seeking medical
advice; (2) installing home water filters; (3) purchasing bottled water; and (4) court-supervised medical monitoring/testing going forward.
On November 19, 2021, a first amended complaint was filed together with motions for Class Certification and Injunctive Relief. On December
17, 2021, the parties entered into a Stipulation where it was agreed that Plaintiff s motion for injunctive relief would be withdrawn.
On February 16, 2022, Middlesex filed a Motion To Dismiss Plaintiffs complaint for: (1) failure to include an indispensable party,
3M Company (3M) , whom Middlesex claims is the source of the PFOA in the Company s wells; and
(2) failure to state legally cognizable claims in support of all of the counts set forth in the complaint. Plaintiff s motion for
Class Certification and further discovery is postponed pending the outcome of Middlesex s Motion To Dismiss. On
April 21, 2022, the Judge granted Vera s Motion for Class Certification and granted in part and denied in part Middlesex s
Motion to Dismiss. On May 4, 2022, the Company impleaded 3M as a third-party defendant in this lawsuit. The Company has also
initiated a separate lawsuit against 3M seeking to hold 3M accountable for introduction of perfluoroalkyl substances, which include
PFOA, into the Company s water supply at its Park Avenue Wellfield facility. On July 6, 2022, the Company filed a
Motion to Remove this case from New Jersey Superior Court to the United States District Court for the District of New Jersey. Vera
is currently challenging Middlesex s Motion To Remove at the U.S. District Court for the District of New Jersey in an attempt to
remand the case back to the Superior Court of New Jersey. 

19 

Index 

Lonsk et al. v. Middlesex Water Company and 3M Company 
- On November 9, 2021, a complaint was filed in the United States District Court, District of New Jersey seeking Class Certification
and restitution, equitable and injunctive relief for the costs of (1) seeking medical advice; (2) installing home water filters; (3) purchasing
bottled water; and (4) all other claimed related costs. On December 23, 2021, the parties agreed to postpone the filing date of Middlesex s
and 3M s answers to the complaint to January 14, 2022 at the earliest. This filing date was subsequently further postponed to March
1, 2022. On March 4, 2022, Middlesex filed a Motion to Dismiss Plaintiffs complaint. On April 15,
2022, Plaintiffs filed an Amended Complaint. On July 7, 2022, this case was reassigned to a new trial judge at the United States District
Court for the District of New Jersey. On October 31, 2022, the trial judge in this matter dismissed Middlesex s and 3M s motions
to dismiss the Plaintiffs complaint and Middlesex and 3M filed answers to Plaintiffs amended complaint on November 21, 2022.
Discovery in this case is currently underway with a scheduled end date of January 9, 2024. 

The Company is a defendant in other lawsuits in the
normal course of business. We believe the resolution of these pending claims and legal proceedings will not have a material adverse effect
on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES. 

Not applicable. 

20 

Index 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR THE REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. 

The Company s common stock is traded on the
NASDAQ Stock Market, LLC, under the symbol MSEX. As of December 31, 2022, there were 1,751 holders of record. 

The Company has paid dividends on its common stock
each year since 1912. The payment of future dividends is contingent upon the future earnings of the Company, its financial condition and
other factors deemed relevant by the Board of Directors at its discretion. 

If four or more quarterly dividends are in arrears,
the preferred shareholders, as a class, are entitled to elect two members to the Board of Directors in addition to Directors elected by
holders of the common stock. In the event dividends on the preferred stock are in arrears, no dividends may be declared or paid on the
common stock of the Company. 

The Company issues shares of its common stock in connection
with its Middlesex Water Company Investment Plan (the Investment Plan), a direct share purchase and dividend reinvestment plan for the
Company s common stock. Since the inception of the Investment Plan and its predecessor plan, the Company has periodically replenished
the level of authorized shares in the plans. Currently, 0.2 million shares remain registered with the SEC for the Investment Plan and
available for potential issuance to participants. Middlesex has filed a petition with the NJBPU seeking to increase the number of authorized
shares under the Investment Plan by 0.7 million shares. The Company raised approximately 10.3 million through the issuance of shares
under the Investment Plan during 2022. 

On March 1, 2023, the Company will begin offering
shares of its common stock for purchase at a 3 discount to participants in the Investment Plan. The discount offering will continue until
200,000 shares are purchased at the discounted price or December 1, 2023, whichever event occurs first. The discount applies
to all common stock purchases made under the Investment Plan, whether by optional cash payment or by dividend reinvestment. 

The Company maintains a long-term incentive compensation
plan for certain management employees where awards are made in the form of restricted common stock. Shares issued in connection with this
plan are subject to forfeiture by the employee in the event of termination of employment for any reason within five years of the award,
other than as a result of retirement at normal retirement age, death, disability or change in control. The maximum number of shares authorized
for award under this plan is 0.3 million shares, of which approximately 80 remain available for award. 

The Company maintains a stock plan for its independent
members of the Board of Directors as a component of their compensation. In 2022, shares of the Company s common stock valued at
 0.3 million were granted and issued to the Independent Directors. The maximum number of shares authorized for grant under this plan is
0.1 million. Approximately 46 of the authorized shares remain available for future issuance. 

Set forth below is a graph comparing the yearly change
in the cumulative total return (which includes reinvestment of dividends) of a 100 investment for the Company s common stock, a
peer group of investor-owned water utilities, and the S P 500 Stock Index for the period of five years commencing December 31, 2017.
The S P 500 Stock Index measures the stock performance of 500 large companies listed on stock exchanges in the United States. 

21 

Index 

COMPARISON OF 5 YEAR CUMULATIVE TOTAL RETURN 

Among Middlesex Water Company, the S P 500 Stock
Index and a Peer Group 

Peer group includes American States
Water Company, Artesian Resources Corp., California Water Service Group, Global Water Resources Inc, SJW Corp., York Water Company and
Middlesex. 

December 31, 

2017 
 2018 
 2019 
 2020 
 2021 
 2022 
 
 Middlesex Water Company 
 100.00 
 136.54 
 165.40 
 191.52 
 321.79 
 213.14 
 
 S P 500 Stock Index 
 100.00 
 95.62 
 125.72 
 148.85 
 191.58 
 156.89 
 
 Peer Group 
 100.00 
 108.39 
 134.25 
 136.58 
 178.54 
 161.23 

ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 

22 

Index 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. 

The following discussion should be read in conjunction
with the Company s consolidated financial statements and related notes. 

Operations 

Middlesex Water Company (Middlesex or the Company)
has operated as a water utility in New Jersey since 1897 and in Delaware through our wholly-owned subsidiary, Tidewater Utilities, Inc.
(Tidewater), since 1992. We are in the business of collecting, treating and distributing water for domestic, commercial, municipal, industrial
and fire protection purposes. We operate water and wastewater systems under contract for governmental entities and private entities primarily
in New Jersey and Delaware and also provide regulated wastewater services in New Jersey. We are regulated by state public utility commissions
as to rates charged to customers for water and wastewater services, as to the quality of water and wastewater services we provide and
as to certain other matters in the states in which our regulated subsidiaries operate. Only our Utility Service Affiliates, Inc. (USA),
Utility Service Affiliates (Perth Amboy), Inc. (USA-PA) and White Marsh Environmental Services, Inc. (White Marsh) subsidiaries are not
regulated public utilities as related to rates and services quality. All municipal or commercial entities whose utility operations are
managed by these entities however, are subject to environmental regulation at the federal and state levels. 

Our principal New Jersey water utility system (the
Middlesex System) provides water services to approximately 61,000 retail customers, primarily in central New Jersey. The Middlesex System
also provides water sales under contract to municipalities in central New Jersey with a total population of over 0.2 million. Our Bayview
System provides water services in Downe Township, New Jersey. Our other New Jersey subsidiaries, Pinelands Water Company (Pinelands Water)
and Pinelands Wastewater Company (Pinelands Wastewater) (collectively, Pinelands), provide water and wastewater services to approximately
2,500 customers in Southampton Township, New Jersey. 

Our Delaware subsidiaries, Tidewater and Southern
Shores Water Company, LLC (Southern Shores), provide water services to approximately 56,000 retail customers in New Castle, Kent and Sussex
Counties, Delaware. Tidewater s subsidiary, White Marsh, services approximately 4,500 customers in Kent and Sussex Counties through
various operations and maintenance contracts. 

USA-PA operates the water
and wastewater systems for the City of Perth Amboy, New Jersey (Perth Amboy) under a 10-year operations and maintenance contract expiring
in 2028. In addition to performing day-to day operations, USA-PA is also responsible for emergency response and management of capital
projects funded by Perth Amboy. 

USA operates the Borough
of Avalon, New Jersey s (Avalon) water utility, sewer utility and storm water system under a 10-year operations and maintenance
contract expiring in 2032. USA also operates the Borough of Highland Park, New Jersey s (Highland Park) water and wastewater
systems under a 10-year operations and maintenance contract expiring in 2030. In addition to performing day-to-day service operations,
USA is responsible for emergency response and management of capital projects funded by Avalon and Highland Park. Under a marketing agreement
with HomeServe USA Corp. (HomeServe) expiring in 2031, USA offers residential customers in New Jersey and Delaware water and wastewater
related services and home maintenance programs. HomeServe is a leading national provider of such home maintenance service programs. USA
receives a service fee for the billing, cash collection and other administrative matters associated with HomeServe s service contracts.
USA also provides unregulated water and wastewater services under contract with several New Jersey municipalities. 

23 

Index 

Regulatory Notice of Non-Compliance 

In September 2021, the New Jersey Department of Environmental
Protection (NJDEP) issued a Notice of Non-Compliance (Notice) to Middlesex based on self-reporting by Middlesex that the level of Perfluorooctanoic
Acid (PFOA) in water treated at its Park Avenue Wellfield Treatment Plant in South Plainfield, New Jersey exceeded a NJDEP standard that
became effective in 2021. 

Prior to 2021, the Company began design for
construction of an enhanced treatment process at the Park Avenue Wellfield Treatment Plant to comply with the new standard prior to
the regulation being enacted. Since completion was not expected until mid-2023, the Company implemented an interim solution to meet
the Notice requirements. 

In June 2022, a portion of the enhanced treatment
process was completed, placed into service and is effectively treating the ground water in compliance with all state and federal drinking
water standards. 

In September 2022, the Company entered into an Administrative
Consent Order (ACO) with the NJDEP with respect to the Notice, which voided any further notice regarding the fact that the permanent treatment
solution was not in service by September 7, 2022 as required by the Notice. The Company must comply with several other requirements of
the ACO or face penalties. 

In November 2021, the Company was served with two
PFOA-related class action lawsuits seeking restitution for medical, water replacement and other claimed related costs. These lawsuits
are in the early stages of the legal process and their ultimate resolution cannot be predicted at this time. The Company s insurance
provider has acknowledged coverage of potential liability which may result from these lawsuits. In May 2022, the Company impleaded 3M
Company (3M) as a third-party defendant in one of these class action lawsuits. The Company has has also initiated a separate lawsuit against
3M seeking to hold 3M accountable for introduction of perfluoroalkyl substances (PFAS), which include PFOA, into the Company s water
supply at its Park Avenue Wellfield facility. 

Capital Construction
Program 

The Company s multi-year
capital construction program encompasses numerous projects designed to upgrade and replace utility infrastructure as well as enhance the
integrity and reliability of assets to better serve the current and future generations of water and wastewater customers. The Company
plans to invest approximately 102 million in 2023 in connection with this plan for projects that include, but are not limited to: 

Completion of construction of a facility to provide an enhanced treatment process at the Company s
largest wellfield in South Plainfield, New Jersey to comply with new state water quality regulations relative to PFAS, and integrate surge
protection to mitigate spikes in water pressures along with enhancements to corrosion control and chlorination processes; 

Replacement of approximately 24,000 linear feet of cast iron 6" water main in the Port Reading and
Carteret sections of Woodbridge, New Jersey; 

Replacement of Company and customer owned lead and galvanized service lines; 

Interconnecting Tidewater s Angola and Meadows Districts which will provide redundant capacity and
storage for both districts; 

Improvements to Pinelands Water s Well Station #2; and 

Various water main replacements and improvements. 

Sale of Subsidiary 

In January 2022, Middlesex
closed on the Delaware Public Service Commission (DEPSC) approved sale of 100 of the common stock
of its subsidiary Tidewater Environmental Services, Inc. for 6.4 million in cash and other consideration, resulting in a 5.2 million
pre-tax gain. The Company will continue to own and operate its regulated water utilities in Delaware as well as its non-regulated
operations and maintenance contract business. 

24 

Index 

Coronavirus (COVID-19) Pandemic 

In January 2023, the United States Secretary of Health
and Human Services renewed the determination that a nationwide health emergency exists as a result of the COVID-19 Pandemic with an announced
end to the nationwide health emergency on May 11, 2023. While the Company s operations and
capital construction program have not been materially disrupted to date from the pandemic, the COVID-19 impact on economic conditions
nationally continues to be uncertain and could affect the Company s results of operations, financial condition and liquidity in
the future. In New Jersey, the declared COVID-19 State of Emergency Order ended in March 2022. In
Delaware, the declared COVID-19 State of Emergency Order ended in July 2021 . 

The New Jersey
Board of Public Utilities (the NJBPU) and the DEPSC have approved the tracking of COVID-19
related incremental costs for potential recovery in customer rates in future rate proceedings. Neither jurisdiction has established a
timetable or definitive formal procedures for seeking cost recovery . The Company has
increased its allowance for doubtful accounts for expected increases in accounts receivable write-offs due to the financial impact of
COVID-19 on customers. The Company has not deferred any COVID-19 related incremental costs. We
will continue to monitor the effects of COVID-19 and evaluate its impact on the Company s results of operations, financial condition
and liquidity. 

Strategy for Growth 

Our strategy for profitable growth is focused on the following key areas: 

Invest in projects, products and services that complement our core water and wastewater competencies; 

Timely and adequate recovery of infrastructure investments and other costs to maintain service quality; 

Prudent acquisitions of investor and municipally-owned water and wastewater utilities; and 

Operation of municipal and industrial water and wastewater systems on a contract basis which meet our risk profile. 

Rates 

Middlesex In December 2021, Middlesex s
petition to the NJBPU seeking permission to increase its base water rates was concluded, based on a negotiated settlement, resulting in
an expected increase in annual operating revenues of 27.7 million. The approved tariff rates were designed to recover increased operating
costs, as well as a return on invested capital of 513.5 million, based on an authorized return on common equity of 9.6 . The increase
was implemented in two phases with 20.7 million of the increase effective January 1, 2022 and the remaining 7.0 million effective January
1, 2023. As part of the negotiated settlement, the Purchased Water Adjustment Clause (PWAC), which is a rate mechanism that allows for
recovery of increased purchased water costs between base rate case filings, was reset to zero. 

In September 2022, the NJBPU approved Middlesex's
Emergency Relief Motion to reset its PWAC tariff rate to recover additional costs of 2.7 million for the purchase of treated water from
a non-affiliated regulated water utility. The increase, effective October 1, 2022, is on an interim basis and subject to refund with interest,
pending final resolution expected in the second quarter of 2022. 

In March 2021, the NJBPU approved Middlesex s
annual petition to reset its PWAC tariff rate to recover additional costs of 1.1 million for the purchase of treated water from a non-affiliated
regulated water utility. The new PWAC rate became effective April 4, 2021. 

Tidewater On August 31, 2022,
the DEPSC issued an Order requiring Tidewater to reduce its base rates charged to general metered and private fire customers by 6 , effective
for service rendered on and after September 1, 2022. In June 2022, the Delaware Division of the Public Advocate had filed a petition with
the DEPSC requesting that Tidewater s rates be reduced based on the claim that Tidewater had been earning above its authorized rate
of return. The rate reduction is expected to reduce annual revenues by approximately 2.2 million. 

25 

Index 

In March 2021, Tidewater was notified by the DEPSC
that it had determined Tidewater s earned rate of return exceeded the rate of return authorized by the DEPSC. Consequently, Tidewater
reset its Distribution System Improvement Charge (DSIC) rate to zero effective April 1, 2021 and refunded approximately 1.0 million to
customers principally in the form of an account credit for DSIC revenue previously billed between April 1, 2020 and March 31, 2021. A
DSIC is a rate-mechanism that allows water utilities to recover investments in, and generate a return on, qualifying capital improvements
made between base rate proceedings. 

Pinelands - In September 2022, Pinelands Water
and Pinelands Wastewater filed separate petitions with the NJBPU seeking permission to increase base rates by approximately 0.6 million
and 0.4 million per year, respectively. These requests were necessitated by capital infrastructure investments both companies have made,
or have committed to make, and increased operations and maintenance costs. We cannot predict whether the NJBPU will ultimately approve,
deny, or reduce the amount of the requests. A decision by the NJBPU in both matters is expected in the first quarter of 2023. 

Southern Shores - Effective January
1, 2020, the DEPSC approved the renewal of a multi-year agreement for water service to a 2,200 unit condominium community we serve in
Sussex County, Delaware. Under the agreement, current rates were to remain in effect until December 31, 2024, unless there are unanticipated
capital expenditures or regulatory related changes in operating expenses exceeding certain thresholds during this time period. In 2022,
capital expenditures did exceed the established threshold and rates were increased by 5.39 effective January 1, 2023. Beginning in 2025
and thereafter, inflation based rate increases cannot exceed the lesser of the regional Consumer Price Index or 3 . Inflation based increases
are in addition to the threshold rate increases. The agreement expires on December 31, 2029. 

Outlook 

Our ability to increase operating income and net income
is based significantly on four factors: weather, adequate and timely rate relief, effective cost management and customer growth (which
are evident in comparison discussions in the Results of Operations section below). Weather patterns which can result in lower customer
demand for water may occur in 2023. As operating costs are anticipated to increase in 2023 in a variety of categories, we continue to
implement plans to further streamline operations and further reduce, and mitigate increases in, operating costs. Changes in customer water
usage habits, as well as increases in capital expenditures and operating costs, are significant factors in determining the timing and
extent of rate increase requests. 

The DEPSC issued an Order requiring Tidewater to reduce
its base rates charged to general metered and private fire customers by 6 (for further discussion of the impact of this on the Company,
see Rates, Tidewater above). Our investments in system infrastructure continue to grow significantly and our operating costs are
anticipated to increase in 2023 and 2024 in a variety of categories. These factors, among others, will likely require Middlesex and Tidewater
to file base rate increase requests as early as the second quarter of 2023. 

Overall, organic residential customer growth continues
in our Tidewater system (approximately 5 in 2022). However, current and evolving economic market conditions may challenge the growth
level. Builders and developers in Tidewater s service areas are experiencing lower home starts and longer home sales closing cycles
due to supply chain issues, which may be further affected by inflationary trends on housing construction materials and mortgage interest
rates. 

The Company has projected to spend approximately 266
million for the 2023-2025 capital investment program, including approximately 22 million for PFAS-related treatment upgrades, 18 million
for Lead and Copper Rule compliance in the Middlesex System, 34 million on the RENEW Program, which is our ongoing initiative to replace
water mains in the Middlesex System and 8 million for construction of elevated storage tanks in our Tidewater and Middlesex Systems. 

26 

Index 

Operating Results by Segment 

The Company has two operating segments, Regulated
and Non-Regulated. Our Regulated segment contributed approximately 93 of total revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 91 
for each of the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 and approximately 95 of net income for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 93 
of net income for each of the years ended December 31, 2021, and 2020. The discussion of the Company s results of operations is
on a consolidated basis and includes significant factors by subsidiary. The segments in the tables included below are comprised of the
following companies: Regulated- Middlesex, Tidewater, Pinelands and Southern Shores; Non-Regulated- USA, USA-PA, and White Marsh. 

Results of Operations for 2022 as Compared to 2021 

(In Millions) 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Regulated 
 Non- 
Regulated 
 Total 
 Regulated 
 Non- 
Regulated 
 Total 
 
 Revenues 
 150.6 
 11.8 
 162.4 
 130.8 
 12.3 
 143.1 
 
 Operations and maintenance expenses 
 70.8 
 8.3 
 79.1 
 65.4 
 8.3 
 73.7 
 
 Depreciation expense 
 22.8 
 0.2 
 23.0 
 20.9 
 0.2 
 21.1 
 
 Other taxes 
 18.0 
 0.2 
 18.2 
 14.9 
 0.2 
 15.1 
 
 Gain on Sale of Subsidiary 
 5.2 
 
 5.2 

0.0 
 
 Operating income 
 44.2 
 3.1 
 47.3 
 29.6 
 3.6 
 33.2 

Other income (expense), net 
 7.4 
 0.3 
 7.7 
 5.6 
 0.3 
 5.9 
 
 Interest expense 
 9.4 
 
 9.4 
 8.1 
 
 8.1 
 
 Income taxes 
 2.0 
 1.2 
 3.2 
 (6.7 
 1.2 
 (5.5 
 
 Net income 
 40.2 
 2.2 
 42.4 
 33.8 
 2.7 
 36.5 

Operating Revenues 

Operating revenues for the year ended December 31,
2022 increased 19.3 million from the same period in 2021 due to the following factors: 

Middlesex System revenues increased by 21.6 million due to the approved 2022 base rate and PWAC rate
increases and higher weather driven demand across all customer classes (for further discussion of Middlesex s base and PWAC rate
increases see Rates, Middlesex above); 

Tidewater System revenues increased 0.9 million due to additional customers and a one-time customer credit
issued in 2021 partially offset by a DEPSC ordered 2022 rate reduction (for further information on the one-time credit and rate reduction,
see Rates, Tidewater above ; 

The sale of our regulated Delaware wastewater subsidiary in January 2022 reduced revenues by 2.7 million; 

Non-regulated revenues decreased 0.4 million, primarily due to lower supplemental contract services;
and 

All other revenue categories decreased 0.1 million. 

Operation and Maintenance Expense 

Operation and maintenance expenses for the year ended
December 31, 2022 increased 5.4 million from the same period in 2021 due to the following factors: 

Labor cost increased 1.5 million due to wage increases; 

Variable production costs increased 1.2 million primarily due to increased
production, weather-driven changes in water quality and higher chemical prices ; 

27 

Index 

Costs for employee benefits increased 1.0 million due to market fluctuations in the cash surrender value of life insurance policies
and higher health insurance premiums; 

Higher weather-related main break activity in our Middlesex system during
the winter months resulted in 0.6 million of additional non-labor costs; 

Equipment repairs and maintenance costs increased by 0.5 million; 

Transportation expenses increased 0.3 million due to higher fuel prices; 

Costs associated with the NJDEP PFOA customer notification process resulted in 0.2 million of additional
expense (for further information on this matter, see Regulatory Notice of Non-Compliance above ;
 and 

All other operation and maintenance expense categories increased 0.1 million. 

Depreciation 

Depreciation expense for the year ended December 31,
2022 increased 1.9 million from the same period in 2021 due to a higher level of utility plant in service. 

Other Taxes 

Other taxes for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased
 3.0 million from the same period in 2021 primarily due to higher revenue related taxes on increased revenues in our Middlesex system. 

Gain on Sale of Subsidiary 

Middlesex recognized a 5.2 million gain on the sale
of its regulated Delaware wastewater subsidiary in January 2022. 

Other Income, net 

Other Income, net for the year ended December 31,
2022 increased 1.8 million from the same period in 2021 primarily due to higher actuarially-determined retirement benefit plans non-service
benefit partially offset by lower Allowance for Funds Used During Construction (AFUDC) resulting from a reduced level of capital projects
under construction. 

Interest Charges 

Interest charges for the year ended December 31, 2022
increased 1.3 million from the same period in 2021 due to higher long-term and short-term debt outstanding in 2022 as compared to 2021
and higher average interest rates in 2022 as compared to 2021. 

Income Taxes 

Income taxes for the year ended December 31, 2022
increased by 8.7 million from the same period in 2021, primarily due to income taxes on the gain on the
sale of a subsidiary and the expiration of income tax benefits associated with the adoption of Internal Revenue Service tangible property
regulations as Middlesex was required by the NJBPU to account for the benefit of adopting these regulations over 48 months beginning in
2018. Partially offsetting these increases were greater income tax benefits associated with increased repair expenditures on tangible
property in the Middlesex system. 

Net Income and Earnings Per Share 

Net income for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased
 5.9 million as compared with the same period in 2021. Basic earnings per share were 2.40 and 2.08 for the years ended December 31,
2022 and 2021, respectively. Diluted earnings per share were 2.39 and 2.07 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

28 

Index 

Results of Operations for 2021 as Compared to 2020 

(In Millions) 

Years Ended December 31, 

2021 
 2020 

Regulated 
 Non- 
Regulated 
 Total 
 Regulated 
 Non- 
Regulated 
 Total 
 
 Revenues 
 130.8 
 12.3 
 143.1 
 129.5 
 12.1 
 141.6 
 
 Operations and maintenance expenses 
 65.4 
 8.3 
 73.7 
 62.5 
 8.3 
 70.8 
 
 Depreciation expense 
 20.9 
 0.2 
 21.1 
 18.3 
 0.2 
 18.5 
 
 Other taxes 
 14.9 
 0.2 
 15.1 
 14.7 
 0.2 
 14.9 
 
 Operating income 
 29.6 
 3.6 
 33.2 
 34.0 
 3.4 
 37.4 

Other income (expense), net 
 5.6 
 0.3 
 5.9 
 4.3 
 0.1 
 4.4 
 
 Interest expense 
 8.1 
 
 8.1 
 7.5 
 
 7.5 
 
 Income taxes 
 (6.7 
 1.2 
 (5.5 
 (5.1 
 1.0 
 (4.1 
 
 Net income 
 33.8 
 2.7 
 36.5 
 35.9 
 2.5 
 38.4 

Operating Revenues 

Operating revenues for the year ended December 31,
2021 increased 1.5 million from the same period in 2020 due to the following factors: 

Middlesex System revenues decreased by 0.4 million due to lower water demand from general meter service
and wholesale customers, offset by an increase in the PWAC tariff rate effective April 4, 2021 (see Rates, Middlesex above for
further discussion); 

Tidewater System revenues increased 1.7 million due to additional customers and higher customer demand
for water, partially offset by 1.0 million due to the DSIC revenue refund (for further information, see Rates, Tidewater above
for further discussion ; 

Non-regulated revenues increased 0.3 million, primarily due to USA s contract to operate and maintain
Highland Park s water and wastewater systems, which commenced July 1, 2020; and 

All other revenue categories decreased 0.1 million. 

Operation and Maintenance Expense 

Operation and maintenance expenses for the year ended
December 31, 2021 increased 2.9 million from the same period in 2020 due to the following factors: 

Higher weather-related water main break activity in our Middlesex system during the winter months resulted
in 0.5 million of additional non-labor costs; 

Labor costs increased 0.9 million due to wage increases and lower allocation of labor to capital projects; 

Increased business insurance premiums resulted in 0.3 million of additional costs; 

Increased Avalon and Highland Park billable supplemental service expenses increased 0.5 million; 

Outside services and consultant costs increased 0.2 million due to higher regulatory and corporate activity,
including compliance with America s Water Infrastructure Act of 2018; 

Transportation expenses increased 0.2 million due to higher fuel prices; 

Information technology costs increased 0.2 million due to greater software licensing fees; and 

All other operation and maintenance expense categories increased 0.1 million. 

Depreciation 

Depreciation expense for the year ended December 31,
2021 increased 2.6 million from the same period in 2020 due to a higher level of utility plant in service. 

29 

Index 

Other Taxes 

Other taxes for the year ended December 31, 2021 increased
 0.2 million from the same period in 2020 primarily due to higher payroll taxes on increased labor costs. 

Other Income, net 

Other Income, net for the year ended December 31,
2021 increased 1.6 million from the same period in 2020 primarily due to lower actuarially-determined retirement benefit plans non-service
expense offset by lower AFUDC on a lower average level of capital construction projects under construction. 

Interest Charges 

Interest charges for the year ended December 31, 2021
increased 0.6 million from the same period in 2020 due to higher long-term and short-term debt outstanding in 2021 as compared to 2020
partially offset by lower average interest rates on short term borrowings year-over-year. 

Income Taxes 

The benefit from income taxes for the year ended December
31, 2021 increased by 1.4 million from the same period in 2020 primarily due to lower pre-tax income . 

Net Income and Earnings Per Share 

Net income for the year ended December 31, 2021 decreased
 1.9 million as compared with the same period in 2020. Basic earnings per share were 2.08 and 2.19 for the years ended December 31,
2021 and 2020, respectively. Diluted earnings per share were 2.07 and 2.18 for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively.
In anticipation of this expected decrease, in 2021, Middlesex filed and settled a base rate increase request with the NJBPU, with rate
increases becoming effective on January 1, 2022 and January 1, 2023 (for further discussion of Middlesex s rate increase, see Rates,
Middlesex above). 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Cash Flows from Operating Activities 

Cash flows from operating activities are largely influenced
by four factors: weather, adequate and timely rate increases, effective cost management and customer growth. The effect of those factors
on net income is discussed in the Results of Operations section above. 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, cash flows from
operating activities increased 28.3 million to 61.4 million. The increase in cash flows from operating activities primarily resulted
from higher operating revenues from Middlesex s January 1, 2022 rate increase and the timing of payments
to vendors and to income tax authorities. 

Increases in certain operating costs impact our liquidity
and capital resources. We continually monitor the need for timely rate filing to minimize the lag between the time we experience increased
operating costs and capital expenditures and the time we receive appropriate rate relief. There can be no assurances however that our
regulated subsidiaries respective utility commissions will approve base water and/or wastewater rate increase requests in whole
or in part or when the decisions will be rendered. 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, cash flows used
in investing activities increased 8.8 million to 88.2 million, which was attributable to higher utility plant expenditures partially
offset by cash received from the sale of Middlesex s regulated wastewater subsidiary in January 2022 . 

For further discussion on the Company s future
capital expenditures and expected funding sources, see Capital Expenditures and Commitments below. 

30 

Index 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, cash flows provided
by financing activities decreased 12.3 million to 27.1 million. The decrease in cash flows provided by financing activities is due to
a decrease in net long-term borrowings, lower net customer advances and contributions and higher
common stock dividends offset by higher proceeds from the issuance of common stock and higher short-term borrowing. 

For further discussion on the Company s short-term
and long-term debt, see Sources of Liquidity below. 

Capital Expenditures and Commitments 

To fund our capital program, we use internally generated
funds, short-term and long-term debt borrowings, proceeds from sales of common stock under the Investment Plan and, when market conditions
are favorable, proceeds from sales to the public of our common stock. 

The table below summarizes our estimated capital expenditures
for the years 2023-2025. 

(Millions) 

2023 
 2024 
 2025 
 2023-2025 
 
 Distribution/Network System 
 59 
 61 
 62 
 182 
 
 Production System 
 33 
 17 
 4 
 54 
 
 Information Technolgy (IT) Systems 
 4 
 2 
 3 
 9 
 
 Other 
 6 
 6 
 9 
 21 
 
 Total Estimated Capital Expenditures 
 102 
 86 
 78 
 266 

Our estimated capital expenditures for the items listed
above are primarily comprised of the following: 

Distribution/Network System-Includes projects associated with replacement, installation and relocation
of water mains and service lines and wastewater collection systems, construction of water storage tanks, installation and replacement
of hydrants, meters and meter pits and the RENEW Program. RENEW is our ongoing initiative to replace water mains in the Middlesex System.
In connection with RENEW, we expect to spend approximately 12 million in 2023, and 11 million in each of 2024 and 2025. We expect to
spend approximately 8 million in 2023 and 2024 for construction of elevated storage tanks in our Tidewater and Middlesex systems. 

Production System-Includes projects associated with our treatment plants, including approximately 22
million of expenditures in 2023 for PFAS treatment upgrades in our Middlesex system. 

Information Technology (IT) Systems-Includes further upgrade of our enterprise resource planning system
and hardware and software purchases for other IT systems. 

Other-Includes purchase of transportation equipment, tools, furniture, laboratory equipment, security
systems and other general infrastructure needs including improvements to field and inventory management facilities in Iselin, New Jersey. 

The actual amount and timing of capital expenditures
is dependent on the need for replacement of existing infrastructure, customer growth, residential new home construction and sales, project
scheduling and continued refinement of project scope and costs and, could be impacted if significant effects of the COVID-19 pandemic
further arise and continue for an extended period of time. 

To pay for our capital program in 2023, we estimate we will utilize some
or all of the following: 

Internally generated funds; 

Short-term borrowings, as needed, through 140 million of available lines of credit with several financial
institutions. As of December 31, 2022, 55.5 million was outstanding under these lines of credit (see discussion under Sources
of Liquidity-Short-term Debt below); 

31 

Index 

Proceeds from the Delaware State Revolving Fund (SRF). SRF programs provide low cost financing for projects
meeting certain water quality and system improvement benchmarks (see discussion under Sources of Liquidity-Long-term Debt 
below); 

Proceeds from the sale and issuance of FMBs in private placement offerings (see discussion under Sources
of Liquidity-Long-term Debt below); 

Proceeds from other long-term borrowings (see discussion under Sources of Liquidity-Long-term
Debt below); 

Proceeds from common stock sales through the Investment Plan (see discussion under Sources of
Liquidity-Common Stock below); and 

Proceeds from a common stock sale (see discussion under Sources of Liquidity-Common Stock 
below). 

Sources of Liquidity 

Short-term Debt
- In January 2022, the Company increased available lines of credit from 110 million to 140 million. The outstanding borrowings under
the credit lines at December 31, 2022 were 55.5 million, at a weighted average interest rate of 5.17 . 

The weighted average daily amounts of borrowings outstanding
under the credit lines and the weighted average interest rates on those amounts were 28.9 million and 23.7 million at 3.34 and 1.12
 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Long-term Debt - Subject to regulatory approval,
the Company periodically issues long-term debt to fund investments in utility plant. To the extent possible and fiscally prudent,
the Company finances qualifying capital projects under SRF loan programs in New Jersey and Delaware. These government programs
provide financing at interest rates typically below rates available in the broader financial markets. A portion of the borrowings
under the New Jersey SRF is interest-free. Under the New Jersey SRF program, borrowers first enter into a construction loan
agreement with the New Jersey Infrastructure Bank (NJIB) and submit requisitions for cost reimbursements over the life of the
construction period. The interest rate on the Company s current construction loan borrowings is near zero percent. When
construction on the qualifying project is substantially complete, NJIB will coordinate the conversion of the construction loan into
a long-term securitized loan with a portion of the principal balance having a stated interest rate of zero percent (0 and a
portion of the principal balance at a market interest rate at the time of closing using the credit rating of the State of New
Jersey. The term of the long-term loans currently offered through the NJIB is up to thirty years. Under the Delaware SRF program,
borrowers typically enter into a long-term note agreement for a term not to exceed twenty years and submit requisitions for cost
reimbursements for up to two years after the agreement is executed. 

In May 2022, Middlesex repaid its two outstanding
NJIB construction loans by issuing FMBs to the NJIB under two loan agreements. The total amount of FMBs issued is 52.2 million and designated
as Series 2022A 16.2 million) and Series 2022B 36.0 million). The interest rate on the Series 2022A bond is zero and the interest
rate on the Series 2022B bond ranges between 2.7 and 3.0 . The final maturity date for both FMBs is August 1, 2056, with scheduled debt
service payments over the life of these loans. 

The NJIB has changed the SRF program for project funding
priority ranking, the proportions of interest free loans and market interest rate loans and overall loan limits on interest free loan
balances to investor-owned water utilities. Under the new guidelines, the principal balance having a stated interest rate of zero percent
(0 is 25 of the loan balance with the remaining portion of 75 having a market based interest rate. This is limited to the first 10.0
million of the loan. Loan amounts above 10.0 million do not participate in the 0 rate program, but do participate at the market based
interest rate. As a result of all these changes, the Company s future capital funding plan currently does not include participating
in the NJIB SRF program. 

In November 2022, Middlesex filed a petition with
the NJBPU for approval to borrow up to 300.0 million, in one or more negotiated
transactions in the form of notes and/or FMBs through loans from the New Jersey SRF Program, the New Jersey Economic Development Authority,
private placement and other financial institutions as needed in 

32 

Index 

order to fund portions of its capital program and for other funding requirements.
The Company expects to issue debt securities in a series of one or more transaction offerings over a multi-year period to align with the
Company s construction timetable. 

In June 2021, Middlesex received approval from the
NJBPU to redeem up to 45.5 million of outstanding FMBs, specifically Series RR 22.5 million) and Series SS 23.0 million), and issue
replacement FMBs at an overall lower cost of debt. In November 2021, Middlesex closed on a 45.5 million, 2.90 private placement of FMBs,
designated as Series 2021B with a 2051 maturity date to effectuate the redemptions. 

In May 2020, Middlesex received
approval from the NJBPU to borrow up to 100 million, in one or more private placement transactions through December 31, 2023 to help
fund Middlesex s multi-year capital construction program. In connection with this approval: 

In March 2023, Middlesex expects to close on a 40.0 million, 5.24 private placement of FMBs with a 2043
maturity date designated as Series 2023A. Proceeds will be used to reduce the Company s outstanding balances under its lines of
credit; 

In November 2021, Middlesex closed on a 19.5 million, 2.79 private placement of FMBs with a 2041 maturity
date designated as Series 2021A. Proceeds were used to reduce the Company s outstanding balances under its lines of credit.; and 

In November 2020, Middlesex closed on a 40.0 million, 2.90 private placement of FMBs with a 2050 maturity
date designated as Series 2020A. Proceeds were used to reduce the Company s outstanding balances under its lines of credit and for
the Company s 2020 capital program. 

In February 2023, Tidewater filed three applications
with the DEPSC seeking approval to borrow up to 10.2 million in total at an interest rate of 2.0 as set by the Delaware SRF Program
for construction of several water transmission projects. If approved by the DEPSC, Tidewater expects to close on these loans in April
2023 and construct the projects in 2023 and 2024. Under the Delaware SRF Program, borrowers submit reimbursement requisitions during the
construction period. Once the proceeds are received, Tidewater will record the debt obligation. 

Tidewater expects to file an application with
the DEPSC in late February 2023 seeking approval to borrow up to 20.0 million from CoBank, ACB (CoBank) with a term of up to 25
years and an interest rate to be determined at the loan s closing. If approved by the DEPSC, Tidewater expects to close on this loan
in April 2023 with the ability to draw the funds in one or more transactions until December 31, 2023. The interest rate will be set
at the time of the individual draw. Proceeds from the loan would be used to pay off Tidewater s outstanding balances under its
lines of credit and for other general corporate purposes. 

In December 2021, Tidewater closed on the DEPSC approved
 5.0 million Delaware SRF Program loan and began receiving disbursements in January 2022. Tidewater has borrowed 2.6 million under this
loan with expected borrowings to continue through mid-2023. The final maturity date on the loan is 2044. 

In September 2021, Tidewater completed its 20 million
secured borrowing with CoBank, at an interest rate of 3.94 with a 2046 maturity date. Proceeds from the loan were used to pay off its
outstanding balances under its lines of credit. 

In November 2022, Pinelands Water and Pinelands
Wastewater filed petitions with the NJBPU for approval to borrow up to 4.9 million each from CoBank with terms up to 25 years and
with interest rates to be determined at the loans closings. If approved by the NJBPU, Pinelands expects to close on these
loans in the second quarter of 2023. Proceeds from the loan would be used to pay off Pinelands outstanding Note Payable
balances and partially fund future capital expenditures. 

Substantially all of the utility plant of the Company
is subject to the lien of its mortgage, which includes debt service and capital ratio covenants. The Company is in compliance with all
of its mortgage covenants and restrictions. 

33 

Index 

Common Stock - The Company issues shares of its common
stock in connection with the Investment Plan, a direct share purchase and dividend reinvestment plan for the Company s common stock.
The Company raised approximately 10.3 million through the issuance of shares under the Investment Plan during 2022. Middlesex has filed
a petition with the NJBPU seeking to increase the number of authorized shares under the Investment Plan by 0.7 million shares. On March
1, 2023, the Company will begin offering shares of its common stock for purchase at a 3 discount to participants in the Investment Plan.
The discount offering will continue until 200,000 shares are purchased at the discounted price or December 1, 2023, whichever event occurs
first. The discount applies to all common stock purchases made under the Investment Plan, whether by optional cash payment
or by dividend reinvestment. 

In order to fully fund the ongoing capital investment
program and maintain a balanced capital structure for a regulated water utility, Middlesex may offer for sale additional shares of its
common stock. The amount, the timing and the sales method of the common stock is dependent on the timing of the construction expenditures,
the level of additional debt financing and financial market conditions. In October 2022, Middlesex filed a petition with the NJBPU for
approval to issue and sell up to 1.0 million shares of its common stock. A decision on the matter is expected in the second quarter of
2023. Common stock offerings will occur as needed to maintain a balanced capital structure and continue on a parallel path with future
debt offerings. 

Contractual Obligations 

In the course of normal business activities, the Company
enters into a variety of contractual obligations and commercial commitments. Some result in direct obligations on the Company s
balance sheet while others are commitments, some firm and some based on uncertainties, which are disclosed in the Company s consolidated
financial statements. 

The table below presents our known contractual obligations for the periods
specified as of December 31, 2022. 

Payment Due by Period 

(Millions of Dollars) 

Total 
 Less than 1 
Year 
 2-3 Years 
 4-5 Years 
 More than 5 
 Years 
 
 Long-term Debt 
 306 
 17 
 14 
 13 
 262 
 
 Note Payable 
 56 
 56 

Interest on Long-Term Debt 
 207 
 9 
 16 
 15 
 167 
 
 Purchased Water Contracts 
 14 
 6 
 7 
 1 

Commercial Office Leases 
 7 
 1 
 2 
 2 
 2 
 
 TOTAL 
 590 
 89 
 39 
 31 
 431 

The table above does not reflect any anticipated cash
payments for retirement benefit plan obligations. The effect on the timing and amount of these payments resulting from potential changes
in actuarial assumptions and returns on plan assets cannot be estimated. In 2022, the Company contributed 2.8 million to its retirement
benefit plans and expects to contribute approximately 2.9 million in 2023. 

We do not currently have, nor have we ever had, any
relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, such as entities often referred to as structured finance or special
purpose entities, which would have been established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements, or for other contractually
narrow or limited purposes. In addition, we do not engage in trading activities involving non-exchange traded contracts. 

34 

Index 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 

The application of accounting policies and standards
often requires the use of estimates, assumptions and judgments. The Company regularly evaluates these estimates, assumptions and judgments,
including those related to the calculation of pension and other retirement benefits, unbilled revenues, and the recoverability of certain
assets, including regulatory assets. The Company bases its estimates, assumptions and judgments on historical experience and current operating
environment. Changes in any of the variables that are used for the Company s estimates, assumptions and judgments may lead to significantly
different financial statement results. 

Our critical accounting policies and estimates are set forth below. 

Regulatory Accounting 

We maintain our books and records in accordance with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Middlesex and certain of its subsidiaries are subject to regulation
in the states in which they operate. Those companies are required to maintain their accounts in accordance with regulatory authorities 
rules and guidelines, which may differ from other authoritative accounting pronouncements. In those instances, the Company follows the
guidance in the Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification Topic 980 Regulated Operations (Regulatory
Accounting). 

In accordance with Regulatory Accounting, costs and
obligations are deferred if it is probable that these items will be recognized for rate-making purposes in future rates. Accordingly,
we have recorded costs and obligations, which will be amortized over various future periods. Any change in the assessment of the probability
of rate-making treatment would require us to change the accounting treatment of the deferred item. We have no reason to believe any of
the deferred items that are recorded will be treated differently by the regulators in the future. 

Revenues 

Revenues from our regulated customers, which include
amounts billed quarterly to residential customers and monthly to industrial, commercial, fire-protection and wholesale customers, also
include unbilled amounts based upon estimated usage from the date of the last meter reading to the end of the accounting period. While
actual usage for customers may differ from the estimate, we believe the overall total estimate of consumption and revenue for the fiscal
period will not differ materially from actual consumption. 

Retirement Benefit Plans 

We maintain a noncontributory defined benefit pension
plan (Pension Plan) which covers all currently active employees hired prior to April 1, 2007. In addition, the Company maintains an unfunded
supplemental plan for certain executive officers. 

The Company has a retirement benefit plan other than
pensions (Other Benefits Plan) for substantially all of its retired employees. Employees hired after March 31, 2007 are not eligible to
participate in the Other Benefits Plan. Coverage includes healthcare and life insurance. 

The costs for providing retirement benefits are dependent
upon numerous factors, including actual plan experience and assumptions of future experience. Future retirement benefit plan obligations
and expense will depend on future investment performance, changes in future discount rates and various other demographic factors related
to the population participating in the Company s retirement benefit plans, all of which can change significantly in future years. 

The primary assumptions used for determining future retirement benefit
plans obligations and costs, which are reviewed and revised as needed each year, are as follows: 

Discount Rate - calculated based on market rates for long-term, high-quality corporate bonds specific
to the expected duration of our Pension Plan and Other Benefits Plan s liabilities; 

Compensation Increase - based on management projected future employee compensation increases; 

35 

Index 

Long-Term Rate of Return - determined based on expected returns from our asset allocation for our Pension
Plan and Other Benefits Plan assets; 

Mortality - The Company utilizes the Society of Actuaries mortality table (Pri-2012) (Mortality
Improvement Scale MP-2021 for the 2022 valuation); and 

Healthcare Cost Trend Rate - based on management projected future healthcare costs. 

The discount rate, compensation increase rate and long-term rate of return
used to determine future obligations of our retirement benefit plans as of December 31, 2022 are as follows: 

Pension Plan 
 Other Benefits Plan 
 
 Discount Rate 
 4.98 
 4.98 
 
 Compensation Increase 
 3.00 
 3.00 
 
 Long-term Rate of Return 
 7.00 
 7.00 

For the 2022 valuation, costs and obligations for
our Other Benefits Plan assumed an 7.5 annual rate of increase in the per capita cost of covered healthcare benefits in 2023 with the
annual rate of increase declining 0.5 per year for 2024-2029, resulting in an annual rate of increase in the per capita cost of covered
healthcare benefits of 4.5 by year 2029. 

The following is a sensitivity analysis for certain actuarial assumptions
used in determining projected benefit obligations (PBO) and expenses for our retirement benefit plans: 

Pension Plan 

Actuarial Assumptions 
 Estimated Increase/ (Decrease) on PBO (000s) 
 Estimated Increase/ (Decrease) on Expense (000s) 
 
 Discount Rate 1 Increase 
 (9,654 
 (1,427 
 
 Discount Rate 1 Decrease 
 11,814 
 1,943 

Other Benefits Plan 

Actuarial Assumptions 
 Estimated Increase/ (Decrease) on PBO (000s) 
 Estimated Increase/ (Decrease) on Expense (000s) 
 
 Discount Rate 1 Increase 
 (4,192 
 (1,239 
 
 Discount Rate 1 Decrease 
 5,258 
 632 
 
 Healthcare Cost Trend Rate 1 Increase 
 4,239 
 923 
 
 Healthcare Cost Trend Rate 1 Decrease 
 (3,448 
 (1,451 

Recent Accounting Standards 

See Note 1(r) of the Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements for a discussion of recent accounting pronouncements. 

36 

Index 

ITEM 7A. QUALITATIVE AND QUANTITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK. 

We are exposed to market risk associated with changes
in interest rates and commodity prices. The Company is subject to the risk of fluctuating interest rates in the normal course of business.
Our policy is to manage interest rates through the use of fixed rate long-term debt and, to a lesser extent, variable rate short-term
debt. The Company s interest rate risk related to existing fixed rate, long-term debt is not material due to the term of the majority
of our First Mortgage Bonds, which have final maturity dates ranging from 2023 to 2059. Over the next twelve months, approximately 17.5
million of the current portion of existing long-term debt instruments will mature. The Company manages its interest rate risk related
to existing variable-rate short-term debt by limiting our variable rate exposure. Applying a hypothetical change in the rate of interest
charged by 10 on those fixed- and variable-rate borrowings would not have a material effect on our earnings. 

Our risks associated with commodity price increases
for chemicals, electricity and other commodities are reduced through contractual arrangements and the ability to recover price increases
through rates. Non-performance by these commodity suppliers could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, financial
position and cash flows. 

We are exposed to credit risk for both our Regulated
and Non-Regulated business segments. Our Regulated operations serve residential, commercial, industrial and municipal customers while
our Non-Regulated operations engage in business activities with developers, government entities and other customers. Our primary credit
risk is exposure to customer default on contractual obligations and the associated loss that may be incurred due to the non-payment of
customer accounts receivable balances. Our credit risk is managed through established credit and collection policies which are in compliance
with applicable regulatory requirements and involve monitoring of customer exposure and the use of credit risk mitigation measures such
as letters of credit or prepayment arrangements. Our credit portfolio is diversified with no significant customer or industry concentrations.
In addition, our Regulated businesses are generally able to recover all prudently incurred costs including uncollectible customer accounts
receivable expenses and collection costs through rates. 

The Company's retirement benefit plan assets are exposed
to the market price variations of debt and equity securities. Changes to the Company's retirement benefit plan assets value can
impact the Company's retirement benefit plan expense, funded status and future minimum funding requirements. Risk is mitigated through
our ability to recover retirement benefit plan costs through customer rates. 

37 

Index 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA. 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Middlesex Water Company: 

Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial
Reporting 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance
sheets and consolidated statements of capital stock and long-term debt of Middlesex Water Company (the "Company") as of December
31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income, common stockholders' equity, and cash flows for each of the three years
in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the "consolidated financial statements").
We also have audited the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established
in Internal Control Integrated Framework: (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission
(COSO). 

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements
present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of their
operations and their cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal
control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework:
(2013) issued by COSO. 

Basis for Opinions 

The Company s management is responsible for
these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of
the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control
over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's consolidated financial statements and an opinion
on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with
the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ("PCAOB") and are required to be independent with respect to the
Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission
and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards
of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated
financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud and whether effective internal control over financial
reporting was maintained in all material respects. 

Our audits of the financial statements included performing
procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing
procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures
in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates
made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control
over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material
weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our
audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide
a reasonable basis for our opinions. 

38 

Index 

Definition and Limitations of Internal Control
Over Financial Reporting 

A company's internal control over financial reporting
is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company's internal control over financial
reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately
and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions
are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and
that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the
company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition
of the company's 

assets that could have a material effect on the financial
statements. 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control
over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. 

Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness
to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of
compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Critical Audit Matters 

Critical audit matters are matters arising from
the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and
that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging,
subjective, or complex judgments. We determined that there are no critical audit matters. 

/s/ 

We have served as the Company's auditor since 2006. 

, Pennsylvania 

February 24, 2023 

39 

Index 

MIDDLESEX WATER COMPANY 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 

(In thousands except
per share amounts) 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 2020 

Operating Revenues 

Operating Expenses: 

Operations and Maintenance 

Depreciation 

Other Taxes 

Total Operating Expenses 

Gain on Sale of Subsidiary 

Operating Income 

Other Income (Expense): 

Allowance for Funds Used During Construction 

Other Income (Expense), net 

Total Other Income, net 

Interest Charges 

Income before Income Taxes 

Income Taxes 

Net Income 

Preferred Stock Dividend Requirements 

Earnings Applicable to Common Stock 

Earnings per share of Common Stock: 

Basic 

Diluted 

Average Number of 

Common Shares Outstanding : 

Basic 

Diluted 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

40 

Index 

MIDDLESEX WATER COMPANY 

CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

(In thousands) 

December 31, 
 December 31, 
 
 ASSETS 
 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 UTILITY PLANT: 
 Water Production 

Transmission and Distribution 

General 

Construction Work in Progress 

TOTAL 

Less Accumulated Depreciation 

UTILITY PLANT - NET 

CURRENT ASSETS: 
 Cash and Cash Equivalents 

Accounts Receivable, net of allowance for uncollectible accounts of and , respectively 

Unbilled Revenues 

Materials and Supplies (at average cost) 

Prepayments 

TOTAL CURRENT ASSETS 

OTHER ASSETS: 
 Operating Lease Right of Use Asset 

Preliminary Survey and Investigation Charges 

Regulatory Assets 

Non-utility Assets - Net 

Employee Benefit Plans 

Other 

TOTAL OTHER ASSETS 

TOTAL ASSETS 

CAPITALIZATION AND LIABILITIES 

CAPITALIZATION: 
 Common Stock, No Par Value 

Retained Earnings 

TOTAL COMMON EQUITY 

Preferred Stock 

Long-term Debt 

TOTAL CAPITALIZATION 

CURRENT 
 Current Portion of Long-term Debt 

LIABILITIES: 
 Notes Payable 

Accounts Payable 

Accrued Taxes 

Accrued Interest 

Unearned Revenues and Advanced Service Fees 

Other 

TOTAL CURRENT LIABILITIES 

COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENT LIABILITIES (Note 4) 

OTHER LIABILITIES: 
 Customer Advances for Construction 

Lease Obligations 

Accumulated Deferred Income Taxes 

Employee Benefit Plans 

Regulatory Liabilities 

Other 

TOTAL OTHER LIABILITIES 

CONTRIBUTIONS IN AID OF CONSTRUCTION 

TOTAL CAPITALIZATION AND LIABILITIES 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

41 

Index 

MIDDLESEX WATER COMPANY 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

(In thousands) 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net Income 

Adjustments to Reconcile Net Income to 

Net Cash Provided by Operating Activities: 

Depreciation and Amortization 

Provision for Deferred Income Taxes 

Equity Portion of Allowance for Funds Used During Construction (AFUDC) 

Cash Surrender Value of Life Insurance 

Stock Compensation Expense 

Gain on Sale of Subsidiary 

Changes in Assets and Liabilities: 

Accounts Receivable 

Unbilled Revenues 

Materials Supplies 

Prepayments 

Accounts Payable 

Accrued Taxes 

Accrued Interest 

Employee Benefit Plans 

Unearned Revenue Advanced Service Fees 

Other Assets and Liabilities 

NET CASH PROVIDED BY OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Utility Plant Expenditures, Including AFUDC of in 2022, in 2021 and in 2020 

Proceeds from Sale of Subsidiary 

NET CASH USED IN INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Redemption of Long-term Debt 

Proceeds from Issuance of Long-term Debt 

Net Short-term Bank Borrowings 

Deferred Debt Issuance Expense 

Common Stock Issuance Expense 

Proceeds from Issuance of Common Stock 

Payment of Common Dividends 

Payment of Preferred Dividends 

Construction Advances and Contributions-Net 

NET CASH PROVIDED BY FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

NET CHANGES IN CASH, CASH EQUIVALENTS AND RESTRICTED CASH 

CASH, CASH EQUIVALENTS AND RESTRICTED CASH AT BEGINNING OF PERIOD 

CASH, CASH EQUIVALENTS AND RESTRICTED CASH AT END OF PERIOD 

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF NON-CASH ACTIVITY: 

Utility Plant received as Construction Advances and Contributions 

Long-term Debt Deobligation 

Non-Cash Consideration for Sale of Subsidiary 

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOWS INFORMATION: 

Cash Paid During the Year for: 

Interest 

Interest Capitalized 

Income Taxes 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

42 

Index 

MIDDLESEX WATER COMPANY 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CAPITAL STOCK AND LONG-TERM DEBT 

(In thousands) 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Common Stock, No Par Value 

Shares Authorized - 

Shares Outstanding - 2022 - ; 2021 - 

Retained Earnings 

TOTAL COMMON EQUITY 

Cumulative Preferred Stock, No Par Value: 

Shares Authorized - 

Shares Outstanding - 

Convertible: 

Shares Outstanding, 7.00 Series - 

Nonredeemable: 

Shares Outstanding, 7.00 Series - 

Shares Outstanding, 4.75 Series - 

TOTAL PREFERRED STOCK 

Long-term Debt: 

First Mortgage Bonds, - , due 

Amortizing Secured Notes, - , due 

State Revolving Trust Notes, - , due 

Construction Loans, 

SUBTOTAL LONG-TERM DEBT 

Add: Premium on Issuance of Long-term Debt 

Less: Unamortized Debt Expense 

Less: Current Portion of Long-term Debt 

TOTAL LONG-TERM DEBT 

See Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements. 

43 

Index 

MIDDLESEX WATER COMPANY 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMMON STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 

(In thousands) 

Common 
 Common 

Stock 
 Stock 
 Retained 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Earnings 
 Total 

Balance at January 1, 2020 

Net Income 

Dividend Reinvestment Common Stock Purchase Plan 

Restricted Stock Award - Net - Employees 

Stock Award - Board Of Directors 

Cash Dividends on Common Stock per share) 

Cash Dividends on Preferred Stock 

Common Stock Expenses 

Balance at December 31, 2020 

Net Income 

Dividend Reinvestment Common Stock Purchase Plan 

Restricted Stock Award - Net - Employees 

Stock Award - Board Of Directors 

Cash Dividends on Common Stock per share) 

Cash Dividends on Preferred Stock 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

Net Income 

Dividend Reinvestment Common Stock Purchase Plan 

Restricted Stock Award - Net - Employees 

Stock Award - Board Of Directors 

Cash Dividends on Common Stock per share) 

Cash Dividends on Preferred Stock 

Common Stock Expenses 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

44 

Index 

MIDDLESEX WATER COMPANY 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

or less voting
interest and cannot exercise control over the operation and policies of the investments are accounted for under the equity method of accounting.
Under the equity method of accounting, the Company records its investment interests in Non-Utility Assets and its percentage share of
the earnings or losses of the investees in Other Income (Expense). 

of Operating Revenues and of Total Assets, are subject to regulation in the state in which
they operate. Those companies are required to maintain their accounts in accordance with regulatory authorities rules and guidelines,
which may differ from other authoritative accounting pronouncements. In those instances, the Company follows the guidance provided in
Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) 980, Regulated Operations . 

45 

Index 

- 
 Transmission and Distribution (T D): 
 
 Pumping 
 - 
 T D Mains 
 - 
 
 Water Treatment 
 - 
 T D Services 
 - 
 
 General Plant 
 - 
 T D Other 
 - 
 
 Wastewater Collection 
 - 

to years. 

46 

Index 

Tidewater 

million and
 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, bad debt expense was
 million, million and million, respectively. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, write-offs were 
million, million and million, respectively. 

47 

Index 

Commercial 

Industrial 

Fire Protection 

Wholesale 

Non-Regulated Contract Operations 

Total Revenue from Contracts with Customers 

Other Regulated Revenues 

Other Non-Regulated Revenues 

Inter-segment Elimination 

Total Revenue 

48 

Index 

per day. In addition, the NJDEP could penalize
the Company for other violations, if any, of the ACO. 

49 

Index 

of the common stock
of its subsidiary Tidewater Environmental Services, Inc. for million in cash and other consideration, resulting in a million
pre-tax gain. The Company will continue to own and operate its regulated water utilities in Delaware as well as its non-regulated
operations and maintenance contract business. 

million. The approved tariff rates were designed to recover increased operating
costs, as well as a return on invested capital of million, based on an authorized return on common equity of . The increase
was implemented in two phases with million of the increase effective January 1, 2022 and the remaining million effective January
1, 2023. As part of the negotiated settlement, the Purchased Water Adjustment Clause (PWAC), which is a rate mechanism that allows for
recovery of increased purchased water costs between base rate case filings, was reset to zero. 

million for the purchase of treated water from
a non-affiliated regulated water utility. The increase, effective October 1, 2022, is on an interim basis and subject to refund with interest,
pending final resolution of this matter, which is expected in the second quarter of 2023. 

million for the purchase of treated water from a non-affiliated
regulated water utility. The new PWAC rate became effective April 4, 2021. 

, effective for
service rendered on and after September 1, 2022. In June 2022, the Delaware Division of the Public Advocate filed a petition with the
DEPSC requesting that Tidewater s rates be reduced based on the claim that Tidewater had been earning above its authorized rate
of return. The rate reduction is expected to reduce annual revenues by approximately million. 

and refunded approximately million to
customers primarily in the form of an account credit for DSIC revenue previously billed between April 1, 2020 and March 31, 2021. A DSIC
is a rate-mechanism that allows water utilities to recover investments in, and generate a return on, qualifying capital improvements made
between base rate proceedings. 

million and million per year, respectively. These requests were necessitated by capital infrastructure investments both companies
have made, or have committed to make, and increased operations and maintenance costs. We cannot predict whether the NJBPU will ultimately
approve, deny, or reduce the amount of the requests. A decision by the NJBPU in both matters is expected in the first quarter of 2023. 

50 

Index 

, effective January 1, 2023. Beginning in 2025
and thereafter, inflation based rate increases cannot exceed the lesser of the regional Consumer Price Index or, . Inflation based increases
are in addition to the threshold rate increases. This agreement expires on . 

million into an escrow account within
30 days. Twin Lakes immediately filed a Petition For Review (PFR) with the Commonwealth Court of Pennsylvania (the Pennsylvania Court)
seeking reversal and vacation of the escrow requirement on the grounds that it violates the Pennsylvania Public Utility Code as well as
the United States Constitution. In addition, Twin Lakes filed an emergency petition for stay of the PAPUC Order pending the Pennsylvania
Court s review of the merits arguments contained in Twin Lakes PFR. In December 2021, the Pennsylvania Court granted Twin
Lakes emergency petition, pending its review. In August 2022, the Commonwealth Court issued an opinion upholding PAPUC s
November 2021 Order in its entirety. In September 2022, Twin Lakes filed a Petition For Allowance of Appeal to the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania
seeking reversal of the Commonwealth Court s decision to uphold the escrow requirement on the grounds that the Pennsylvania Court
erred in failing to address Twin Lakes constitutional claims. The timing of the final decision by the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania
and the final adjudication of this matter cannot be predicted at this time. 

Income Taxes 

Rate Cases, Tank Painting, and Other 

- years 
 
 Total 

51 

Index 

to . The tariff rates charged to customers effective prior to 2018 in the Company s regulated
companies include recovery of income taxes at the statutory rate in effect at the time those rates were approved by the respective state
public utility commissions. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company has recorded regulatory liabilities of million and 
 million, respectively for excess income taxes collected through rates due to the lower income tax rate under the 2017 Tax Act.
These regulatory liabilities are overwhelmingly related to utility plant depreciation deduction timing differences, which are subject
to Internal Revenue Service (IRS) normalization rules. The IRS rules limit how quickly the excess taxes attributable to accelerated taxes
can be returned to customers. The current base rates for Middlesex and Pinelands customers became effective after 2017 and reflect the
impact of the 2017 Tax Act on their revenue requirements. 

and million of related regulatory liabilities, respectively, 

million and million, respectively, of expected costs of removal recovered currently in rates in excess of actual
costs incurred as regulatory liabilities. 

Tax Effect of: 

Utility Plant Related 

Tangible Property Repairs 

State Income Taxes Net 

Other 

Total Income Tax Expense (Benefit) 

52 

Index 

State 

Deferred: 

Federal 

State 

Investment Tax Credits 

Total Income Tax (Benefit) Expense 

Customer Advances 

Employee Benefits 

Investment Tax Credits 

Other 

Total Accumulated Deferred Income Taxes 

million in income taxes and million in interest in connection
with the conclusion of the 2014 through 2017 federal income tax return audits. The statutory review period for 2018 and prior federal
income tax returns has now closed, and as such, in the third quarter of 2022 the Company reversed the December 31, 2021 income tax reserve
provision and interest expense liability of million and million, respectively. 

53 

Index 

, which provides for an average
purchase of million gallons a day (mgd). Pricing is set annually by the NJWSA through a public rate making process. The agreement
has provisions for additional pricing in the event Middlesex overdrafts or exceeds certain monthly and annual thresholds. 

, provides for the minimum
purchase of mgd of treated water with provisions for additional purchases if needed. 

million gallons annually. 

Treated 

Total Costs 

based on the information available at commencement date in determining the
present value of lease payments. 

million for each of the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 

Accumulated Amortization 

Current ROU Asset 

54 

Index 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total Lease Payments 

Imputed Interest 

Present Value of Lease Payments 

Less Current Portion 

Non-Current Lease Liability 

Included in Other Current Liabilities 

million in 2023, million in 2024 and million in 2025 on its construction program.
The Company has entered into several contractual construction agreements that in total obligate it to expend an estimated million
in the future. The actual amount and timing of capital expenditures is dependent on the need for replacement of existing infrastructure,
customer growth, residential new home construction and sales, project scheduling, supply chain issues and continued refinement of project
scope and costs and could be impacted if the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic continues for an extended period of time (for further discussion
of the impact of COVID-19 on the Company, see Note 1(s) COVID-19 ). There is no assurance that projected customer growth and residential
new home construction and sales will occur. 

55 

Index 

Weighted Average Interest Rate 

Notes Payable at Year-End 

Weighted Average Interest Rate at Year-End 

million. 

PNC Bank 

CoBank, ACB (CoBank) 

million to million in January 2022. 

million under the Investment Plan during 2022.
On March 1, 2023, the Company will begin offering shares of its common stock for purchase at a discount to participants in the Investment
Plan. The discount offering will continue until shares are purchased at the discounted price or December 1, 2023, whichever event
occurs first. The discount applies to all common stock purchases made under the Investment Plan, whether by optional cash payment
or by dividend reinvestment. Since the inception of the Investment Plan and its predecessor plan, the Company has periodically replenished
the level of authorized shares in the plans. Currently, million shares remain registered with the United States Securities and Exchange
Commission for the Investment Plan and available for potential issuance to participants. Middlesex has filed a 

56 

Index 

million shares. 

, and shares, respectively, of Middlesex common stock were granted and issued to the Company s independent Directors
under the plan. The maximum number of shares authorized for grant under the plan is , of which shares remain available for
future awards. 

shares of preferred stock authorized and less than shares of preferred stock outstanding. There were no preferred stock dividends
in arrears. 

Series
Cumulative and Convertible Preferred Stock allows the security holders to exchange one convertible preferred share for twelve shares of
the Company's common stock. In addition, the Company may redeem up to of the outstanding convertible stock in any calendar year at
a price equal to the fair value of twelve shares of the Company's common stock for each share of convertible stock redeemed. 

). When construction on the qualifying project is substantially complete, NJIB will coordinate the conversion of the construction loan
into a long-term securitized loan with a portion of the principal balance having a stated interest rate of zero percent and a portion
of the principal balance at a market interest rate at the time of closing using the credit rating of the State of New Jersey. The term
of the long-term loans currently offered through the NJIB is up to thirty years. 

million and designated as Series 2022A million) and Series 2022B million). The interest rate on the Series 2022A bond is
zero and the interest rate on the Series 2022B bond ranges between and . The final maturity date for both FMBs is August 1, 2056,
with scheduled debt service payments over the life of these loans. 

57 

Index 

is of the loan balance with the
remaining portion of having a market based interest rate. This is limited to the first million of the loan. Loan amounts above
 million do not participate in the rate program, but do participate at the market based interest rate. As a result of all these
changes, the Company s future capital funding plan currently does not include participating in the NJIB SRF program. 

million of outstanding FMBs, specifically Series RR million) and Series SS million), and issue
replacement FMBs at an overall lower cost of debt. In November 2021, Middlesex closed on a million, private placement of FMBs,
designated as Series 2021B with a maturity date to effectuate the redemptions. 

million, in one or more private placement transactions through to help
fund Middlesex s multi-year capital construction program. In connection with this approval: 

million, private placement of FMBs with a maturity
date designated as Series 2021A. Proceeds were used to reduce the Company s outstanding balances under its lines of credit.; and 

million, private placement of FMBs with a maturity
date designated as Series 2020A. Proceeds were used to reduce the Company s outstanding balances under its lines of credit and for
the Company s 2020 capital program. 

million Delaware SRF Program loan and began receiving disbursements in January 2022. Tidewater has borrowed million under this
loan with borrowing expected to continue through mid-2023. The final maturity date on the loan is . 

million
secured borrowing with CoBank, at an interest rate of with a maturity date. Proceeds from the loan were used to pay off its
outstanding balances under its lines of credit. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

and , respectively. Except for the FMB Series 2020 million), FMB Series 2021 million) and Amortizing Secured Notes million), all of the Company s outstanding long-term debt has been issued through
the NJEDA million), the NJIB SRF program million) and the Delaware SRF program million). 

58 

Index 

Series. 

Preferred Dividend 

Earnings Applicable to Common Stock 

Basic EPS 

Diluted: 

Earnings Applicable to Common Stock 

Series Dividend 

Adjusted Earnings Applicable to Common Stock 

Diluted EPS 

million and 
million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Customer advances for construction have carrying amounts of million and 
million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Their relative fair values cannot be accurately estimated since future refund payments
depend on several variables, including new customer connections, customer consumption levels and future rate increases. 

59 

Index 

million and million, respectively. 

Service Cost 

Interest Cost 

Actuarial (Gain) Loss 

Benefits Paid 

Ending Balance 

60 

Index 

Actual Return on Plan Assets 

Employer Contributions 

Benefits Paid 

Ending Balance 

Funded Status 

Noncurrent Liability (Asset) 

Net Liability (Asset) Recognized 

Interest Cost 

Expected Return on Plan Assets 

Amortization of Net Actuarial Loss 

Net Periodic Benefit Cost 

61 

Index 

Discount Rate for: 

Benefit Obligation 

Benefit Cost 

Compensation Increase for: 

Benefit Obligation 

Benefit Cost 

annual rate of increase in the per capita cost of covered healthcare benefits in 2022 with the
annual rate of increase declining per year for 2023-2028, resulting in an annual rate of increase in the per capita cost of covered
healthcare benefits of by year 2029. 

Effect on Projected Benefit Obligation 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

2028-2032 

Totals 

62 

Index 

Debt Securities 

Cash 

Real Estate/Commodities 

Total 

63 

Index 

Money Market Funds 

Common Equity Securities 

Total Investments 

Money Market Funds 

Common Equity Securities 

Total Investments 

Money Market Funds 

Agency/US/State/Municipal Debt 

Other 

Total Investments 

Money Market Funds 

Agency/US/State/Municipal Debt 

Total Investments 

million in 2022 and expects to make approximately million of cash contributions in 2023. 

million in 2022 and expects to make approximately million of cash contributions in 2023. 

64 

Index 

hours of service. Under the terms of the Plan, the Company matches
 of a participant s contributions, which do not exceed of a participant s compensation, plus of a participant s
contributions exceeding , but not more than . The Company s matching contribution was million for each of the years ended
December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 

million before April
1, 2023, which represents of eligible 2022 compensation. For the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, the Company made qualifying discretionary contributions totaling million and million, respectively. 

shares, of which approximately remain available for award. 

Granted 

Vested 

Amortization of Compensation expense 

Balance, December 31, 2020 

Granted 

Vested 

Amortization of Compensation expense 

Balance, December 31, 2021 

Granted 

Vested 

Amortization of Compensation expense 

Balance, December 31, 2022 

65 

Index 

Non Regulated 

Inter-segment Elimination 

Consolidated Revenues 

Operating Income: 

Regulated 

Non Regulated 

Consolidated Operating Income 

Depreciation: 

Regulated 

Non Regulated 

Consolidated Depreciation 

Other Income (Expense), Net: 

Regulated 

Non Regulated 

Inter-segment Elimination 

Consolidated Other Income (Expense), Net 

Interest Expense: 

Regulated 

Non Regulated 

Inter-segment Elimination 

Consolidated Interest Expense 

Income Taxes: 

Regulated 

Non Regulated 

Consolidated Income Taxes 

Net Income: 

Regulated 

Non Regulated 

Consolidated Net Income 

Capital Expenditures: 

Regulated 

Non Regulated 

Total Capital Expenditures 

66 

Index 

Non Regulated 

Inter-segment Elimination 

Consolidated Assets 

Gain on Sale of Subsidiary 

Operating Income 

Net Income 

Basic Earnings per Share 

Diluted Earnings per Share 

Common Dividend Per Share 

High/Low Common Stock Price 
 / 
 / 
 / 
 / 

Operating Income 

Net Income 

Basic Earnings per Share 

Diluted Earnings per Share 

Common Dividend Per Share 

High/Low Common Stock Price 
 / 
 / 
 / 
 / 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE . 

None. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

(1) Disclosure controls and procedures are controls
and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in Company reports filed or submitted under
the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s
rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information
required to be disclosed in Company reports filed under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management, including the
Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding disclosure. 

67 

Index 

As required
by Rule 13a-15 under the Exchange Act, an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company s disclosure
controls and procedures was conducted by the Company s Chief Executive Officer along with the Company s Chief Financial Officer
for the quarter ended December 31, 2022. Based upon that evaluation the Company s Chief Executive Officer and the Company s
Chief Financial Officer concluded: 

(a)
Disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end of the period covered by this report. 

(b)
No changes in internal control over financial reporting occurred during our most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or
are reasonably likely to materially affect, internal control over financial reporting. 

Accordingly,
management believes the consolidated financial statements included in this report fairly present in all material respects our financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows for the periods presented. 

(2) Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

The management of Middlesex Water Company (Middlesex
or the Company) is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Exchange
Act Rule 13A-15(f) and 15d-15(f). Middlesex s internal control system was designed to provide reasonable assurance to the Company s
management and Board of Directors of adequate preparation and fair presentation of the published financial statements. 

All internal control systems, no matter how well designed,
have inherent limitations. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect
to the adequacy of financial statement preparation and presentation. Middlesex s management assessed the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, management used the criteria set forth by
the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013 framework).
Based on our assessment, we believe that as of December 31, 2022, the Company s internal control over financial reporting is operating
as designed and is effective based on those criteria. 

Middlesex s independent registered public accounting
firm (PCAOB ID has audited the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 as stated in
their report which is included herein. 

/s/ Dennis W. Doll 
 /s/ A. Bruce O Connor 
 
 Dennis W. Doll 
 A. Bruce O Connor 
 
 President and 
 Senior Vice President, Treasurer and 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 Chief Financial Officer 

Iselin, New Jersey 

February 24, 2023 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION. 

None. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS. 

Not applicable. 

68 

Index 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE. 

Information with respect to Directors of Middlesex
Water Company is included in Middlesex Water Company s Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and is incorporated
herein by reference. 

Information regarding the Executive Officers of Middlesex
Water Company is included under Item 1. in Part I of this Annual Report. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION. 

This Information for Middlesex Water Company is included
in Middlesex Water Company s Proxy Statement for the 2022 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS. 

This information for Middlesex Water
Company is included in Middlesex Water Company s Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and is incorporated
herein by reference. 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE. 

This information for Middlesex Water Company is included
in Middlesex Water Company s Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES. 

This information for Middlesex Water Company is included
in Middlesex Water Company s Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and is incorporated herein by reference. 

69 

Index 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES. 

1. The following Financial Statements and Supplementary Data are included in Part II- Item 8. of this Annual Report: 

Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Consolidated Statements of Income for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022. 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022. 

Consolidated Statements of Capital Stock and Long-term Debt as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Consolidated Statements of Common Stockholders Equity for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

2. 
 Financial Statement Schedules 

All Schedules are omitted because of the absence of the conditions
under which they are required or because the required information is shown in the financial statements or notes thereto. 

3. Exhibits 

See Exhibit listing immediately following the signature
page. 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY. 

None. 

70 

Index 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d)
of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized. 

MIDDLESEX WATER COMPANY 

By: 
 /s/ Dennis W. Doll 

Dennis W. Doll 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

Date: 
 February 24, 2023 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities indicated on February 24, 2023. 

By: 
 /s/ A. Bruce O Connor 

A. Bruce O Connor 

Senior Vice President, Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

By: 
 /s/ Dennis W. Doll 

Dennis W. Doll 

Chairman of the Board, President, Chief Executive Officer and Director 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

By: 
 /s/ Joshua Bershad, M.D. 

Joshua Bershad, M.D. 

Director 

By: 
 /s/ James F. Cosgrove Jr. 

James F. Cosgrove Jr. 

Director 

By: 
 /s/ Kim C. Hanemann 

Kim C. Hanemann 

Director 

By: 
 /s/ Steven M. Klein 

Steven M. Klein 

Director 

By: 
 /s/ Amy B. Mansue 

Amy B. Mansue 

Director 

By: 
 /s/ Vaughn L. McKoy 

Vaughn L. McKoy 

Director 

By: 
 /s/ Ann L. Noble 

Ann L. Noble 

Director 

By: 
 /s/ Walter G. Reinhard 

Walter G. Reinhard 

Director 

71 

Index 

EXHIBIT INDEX 

Exhibits designated with an asterisk ) are filed
herewith. The exhibits not so designated have heretofore been filed with the Commission and are incorporated herein by reference to the
documents indicated in the previous filing columns following the description of such exhibits. Exhibits designated with a dagger (t) are
management contracts or compensatory plans. 

Exhibit No. 

Document Description 
 
 Previous 
 Registration 
 No. 
 
 Filing s 
 Exhibit 
 No. 
 
 3.1 
 The Restated Certificate of Incorporation, filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the Year ended December 31, 1998. 

3.2 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Restated Certificate of Incorporation, filed with the State of New Jersey on June 20, 1997, filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1997. 

3.3 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Restated Certificate of Incorporation, filed with the State of New Jersey on May 27, 1998, filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1998. 

3.4 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Restated Certificate of Incorporation, filed with the State of New Jersey on June 10, 1998, filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1998. 

3.5 
 Certificate of Correction of Middlesex Water Company filed with the State of New Jersey on April 30, 1999, filed as Exhibit 3.3 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K/A-2 for the year ended December 31, 2003 . 

3.6 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Middlesex Water Company, filed with the State of New Jersey on February 17, 2000, filed as Exhibit 3.4 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K/A-2 for the year ended December 31, 2003. 

3.7 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Middlesex Water Company, filed with the State of New Jersey on June 5, 2002, filed as Exhibit 3.5 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K/A-2 for the year ended December 31, 2003. 

3.8 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Restated Certificate of Incorporation, filed with the State of New Jersey on June 19, 2007, filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed April 30, 2010. 

3.9 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Restated Certificate of Incorporation, filed with the State of New Jersey on September 4, 2019, filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed September 6, 2019. 

3.10 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Restated Certificate of Incorporation, filed with the State of New Jersey on September 19, 2019, filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed September 23, 2019. 

72 

Index 

EXHIBIT INDEX 

Exhibit No. 

Document Description 
 
 Previous 
 Registration 
 No. 
 
 Filing s 
 Exhibit 
 No. 
 
 3.11 
 By-laws of the Company, as amended, filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2010. 

3.12 
 Amendments to the by-laws of the Company, included as Exhibit 3(ii) to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated November 22, 2017. 

4.1 
 Form of Common Stock Certificate. 
 2-55058 
 2(a) 
 
 10.1 
 Water Service Agreement, dated February 28, 2006, between the Company and Elizabethtown Water Company, filed as Exhibit 10 of the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2006. 

10.2 
 Mortgage, dated April 1, 1927, between the Company and Union County Trust Company, as Trustee, as supplemented by Supplemental Indentures, dated as of October 1, 1939 and April 1, 1949. 
 2-15795 
 4(a)-4(f) 
 
 10.3 
 Supplemental Indenture, dated as of July 1, 1964 and June 15, 1991, between the Company and Union County Trust Company, as Trustee. 
 33-54922 
 10.4-10.9 
 
 10.4 
 Agreement for a Supply of Water, dated as of July 27, 2011, between the Company and the Old Bridge Municipal Utilities Authority, filed as Exhibit No. 10.4 of the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2011. 

10.5 
 Water Supply Agreement, dated as of July 14, 1987, between the Company and the Marlboro Township Municipal Utilities Authority, as amended. 
 33-31476 
 10.13 
 
 10.6 
 Water Purchase Contract, dated as of September 25, 2003, between the Company and the New Jersey Water Supply Authority, filed as Exhibit No. 10.7 of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2003. 

10.7 
 Treatment and Pumping Agreement, dated October 1, 2014, between the Company and the Township of East Brunswick, filed as Exhibit No. 10.7 of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016. 

10.8 
 Water Supply Agreement, dated June 4, 1990, between the Company and Edison Township. 
 33-54922 
 10.24 
 
 10.9 
 Agreement for a Supply of Water, dated January 1, 2006, between the Company and the Borough of Highland Park, filed as Exhibit No. 10.1 of the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2006. 

10.9(a) 
 Amendment to Agreement for a Supply of Water, dated as of December 1, 2015, between the Company and the Borough of Highland Park, filed as Exhibit No. 10.9(a) of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. 

73 

Index 

EXHIBIT INDEX 

Exhibit No. 

Document Description 
 
 Previous 
 Registration 
 No. 
 
 Filing s 
 Exhibit 
 No. 
 
 (t)10.10 
 Middlesex Water Company Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan, filed as Exhibit 10.13 of the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 1999. 

(t)10.11(a) 
 Middlesex Water Company 2018 Restricted Stock Plan, filed as Appendix A to the Company s Definitive Proxy Statement, dated and filed April 12, 2018. 

(t)10.11(b) 
 Registration Statement, Form S-8, under the Securities Act of 1933, filed December 18, 2008, relating to the Middlesex Water Company Outside Director Stock Compensation Stock Plan. 
 333-156269 

(t)10.12(a) 
 Change in Control Termination Agreement, dated as of January 1, 2009, between the Company and Dennis W. Doll, filed as Exhibit 10.13(a) of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008. 

(t)10.12(b) 
 Change in Control Termination Agreement, dated as of January 1, 2009, between the Company and A. Bruce O Connor, filed as Exhibit 10.13(b) of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008. 

(t)10.12(c) 
 Change in Control Termination Agreement, dated as of March 1, 2012, between the Company and Lorrie B. Ginegaw, filed as Exhibit 10.13(e) of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011. 

(t)10.12(d) 
 Change in Control Termination Agreement, dated as of January 1, 2009, between the Company and Bernadette M. Sohler, filed as Exhibit 10.13(h) of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008. 

(t)10.12(e) 
 Change in Control Termination Agreement, dated as of March 17, 2014, between the Company and Jay L. Kooper, filed as Exhibit 10.12(g) of the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2014. 

(t)10.12(f) 
 Change in Control Termination Agreement, dated as of July 1, 2019, between the Company and G. Christian Andreasen, filed as Exhibit 10.12(f) of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019. 

(t)10.12(g) 
 Change in Control Termination Agreement, dated as of July 1, 2019, between the Company and Robert K. Fullagar, filed as Exhibit 10.12(g) of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019. 

(t)10.12(h) 
 Change in Control Termination Agreement, dated as of July 1, 2019, between the Company and Georgia M. Simpson, filed as Exhibit 10.12(h) of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019. 

10.13 
 Transmission Agreement, dated October 16, 1992, between the Company and the Township of East Brunswick. 
 33-54922 
 10.23 

74 

Index 

EXHIBIT INDEX 

Exhibit No. 

Document Description 
 
 Previous 
 Registration 
 No. 
 
 Filing s 
 Exhibit 
 No. 
 
 10.13(a) 
 Amendment, dated November 28, 2016, to Transmission Agreement between the Company and the Township of East Brunswick, filed as Exhibit No. 10.13(a) of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016. 

10.14 
 Contract, dated August 20, 2018, between the City of Perth Amboy and Utility Service Affiliates (Perth Amboy), Inc., filed as Exhibit 10.16 of the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2018. 

10.15 
 Thirtieth Supplemental Indenture, dated October 15, 2004, between the Company and Wachovia Bank, National Association; Loan Agreement, dated November 1, 2004, between the State of New Jersey and the Company (Series EE), filed as Exhibit No. 10.26 of the Company s for the year ended December 31, 2004. 

10.16 
 Thirty-First Supplemental Indenture, dated October 15, 2004, between the Company and Wachovia Bank, National Association; Loan Agreement, dated November 1, 2004, between the New Jersey Environmental Infrastructure Trust and the Company (Series FF), filed as Exhibit No. 10.27 of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2004 . 

10.17(a) 
 Promissory Note and Supplement, dated October 15, 2014, between Tidewater Utilities, Inc. and CoBank, ACB; Amendment to Combination Water Utility Real Estate Mortgage and Security Agreement, effective October 15, 2014, between Tidewater Utilities, Inc. and CoBank, ACB, filed as Exhibit 10.23 of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2014 . 

10.17(b) 
 Promissory Note and Supplement, dated March 29, 2021, between Tidewater Utilities, Inc. and CoBank, ACB; Amendment to Combination Water Utility Real Estate Mortgage and Security Agreement, effective March 29,2021, between Tidewater Utilities, Inc. and CoBank, ACB, filed as Exhibit 10.19(b) of the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2021. 

10.18 
 Agreement for a Supply of Water, dated April 1, 2006, between the Company and the City of Rahway, filed as Exhibit No. 10.2 of the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2006. 

10.19 
 Loan Agreement, dated November 1, 2006, between the State of New Jersey and the Company (Series GG), filed as Exhibit No. 10.30 of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2006. 

75 

Index 

EXHIBIT INDEX 

Exhibit No. 

Document Description 
 
 Previous 
 Registration 
 No. 
 
 Filing s 
 Exhibit 
 No. 

10.20 
 
 Loan Agreement, dated November 1, 2006, between the New Jersey Environmental Infrastructure Trust and the Company (Series HH), filed as Exhibit No. 10.31 of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2006. 

10.21 
 Loan Agreement, dated November 1, 2007, between New Jersey Environmental Infrastructure Trust and the Company (Series II), filed as Exhibit No. 10.32 of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2007. 

10.22 
 Loan Agreement, dated November 1, 2007, between the State of New Jersey and the Company (Series JJ), filed as Exhibit 10.33 of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2007. 

10.23 
 Loan Agreement, dated November 1, 2008, between New Jersey Environmental Infrastructure Trust and the Company dated as of (Series KK), filed as Exhibit 10.34 of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008. 

10.24 
 Loan Agreement, dated November 1, 2008, between the State of New Jersey and the Company (Series LL), filed as Exhibit 10.35 of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008. 

10.25 
 Prospectus Supplement, filed August 3, 2022, relating to the Middlesex Water Company Investment Plan. 
 333-266482 

10.26(a) 
 Amended and Restated 68,000,000 Revolving Line of Credit Note, dated February 9, 2022, between the Company, Pinelands Wastewater Company, Pinelands Water Company, Tidewater Utilities, Inc., Utility Service Affiliates (Perth Amboy) Inc., Utility Service Affiliates Inc. and While Marsh Environmental Systems, Inc., and PNC Bank, N.A., filed as Exhibit 10.26(a) of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

10.26(b) 
 W aiver and Amendment to Loan Documents, dated February 9, 2022, between the Company, Pinelands Wastewater Company, Pinelands Water Company, Tidewater Utilities, Inc., Utility Service Affiliates (Perth Amboy) Inc., Utility Service Affiliates Inc. and While Marsh Environmental Systems, Inc., and PNC Bank, N.A., filed as Exhibit 10.26(b) of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 . 

76 

Index 

EXHIBIT INDEX 

Exhibit No. 

Document Description 
 
 Previous 
 Registration 
 No. 
 
 Filing s 
 Exhibit 
 No. 
 
 10.27(a) 
 Uncommitted 30,000,000) Loan Agreement, dated January 28, 2021, between the Company, Tidewater Utilities, Inc., White Marsh Environmental Systems, Inc., Pinelands Water Company, Pinelands Wastewater Company, Utility Service Affiliates, Inc., Utility Service Affiliates (Perth Amboy) Inc., Tidewater Environmental Services, Inc., and Bank of America, N.A. filed as Exhibit 10.30 of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020. 

10.27(b) 
 Amendment No. 1 60,000,000) to Uncommitted Loan Agreement, dated January 27, 2022, between the Company, Tidewater Utilities, Inc., White Marsh Environmental Systems, Inc., Pinelands Water Company, Pinelands Wastewater Company, Utility Service Affiliates, Inc., Utility Service Affiliates (Perth Amboy) Inc., and Bank of America, N.A., filed as Exhibit 10.27(b) of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

10.27(c) 
 Amendment No. 2 60,000,000) to Uncommitted Loan Agreement, dated January 26, 2023, between the Company, Tidewater Utilities, Inc., White Marsh Environmental Systems, Inc., Pinelands Water Company, Pinelands Wastewater Company, Utility Service Affiliates, Inc., Utility Service Affiliates (Perth Amboy) Inc., and Bank of America, N.A. 

10.28 
 Fourth Amendment to Promissory Note and Supplement, dated as of August 19, 2020, between Tidewater Utilities, Inc. and CoBank, ACB, filed as Exhibit 10.34 of the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2020. 

10.29 
 Loan Agreement, dated December 1, 2010, between the State of New Jersey and the Company (Series MM), filed as Exhibit 10.41 of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2010. 

10.30 
 Loan Agreement, dated December 1, 2010, between New Jersey Environmental Infrastructure Trust and the Company (Series NN), filed as Exhibit 10.42 of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2010. 

10.31 
 Loan Agreement, dated May 1, 2012, between the State of New Jersey and the Company, (Series OO), filed as Exhibit 10.43 of the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2012. 

10.32 
 Loan Agreement, dated May 1, 2012, between New Jersey Environmental Infrastructure Trust and the Company (Series PP), filed as Exhibit 10.44 of the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2012. 

77 

Index 

EXHIBIT INDEX 

Exhibit No. 

Document Description 
 
 Previous 
 Registration 
 No. 
 
 Filing s 
 Exhibit 
 No. 

10.33 
 Loan Agreement, dated November 1, 2012, between the New Jersey Economic Development Authority and the Company (Series QQ, RR SS), filed as Exhibit 10.41 of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2012. 

10.34 
 Loan Agreement, dated May 1, 2013, between the State of New Jersey and the Company (Series TT), filed as Exhibit 10.42 of the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2013. 

10.35 
 Loan Agreement, dated May 1, 2013, between New Jersey Environmental Infrastructure Trust and the Company (Series UU), filed as Exhibit 10.43 of the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2013. 

10.36 
 Loan Agreement, dated May 1, 2014, between New Jersey Environmental Infrastructure Trust and the Company (Series VV), filed as Exhibit 10.43 of the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2014 . 

10.37 
 Loan Agreement, dated May 1, 2014, between New Jersey Environmental Infrastructure Trust and the Company (Series WW), filed as Exhibit 10.44 of the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2014. 

10.38 
 Loan Agreement, dated November 1, 2017, between New Jersey Environmental Infrastructure Trust and the Company (Series XX), filed as Exhibit 10.44 of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017. 

10.39 
 Loan Agreement, dated November 1, 2017, between New Jersey Environmental Infrastructure Trust and the Company (Series YY), filed as Exhibit 10.45 of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017. 

10.40 
 Loan Agreement, dated May 1, 2018, between New Jersey Environmental Infrastructure Trust and the Company (Series 2018A), filed as Exhibit 10.46 of the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2018. 

10.41 
 Loan Agreement, dated May 1, 2018, between New Jersey Environmental Infrastructure Trust and the Company (Series 2018B), filed as Exhibit 10.47 of the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2018. 

10.42 
 Loan Agreement, dated August 1, 2019, between New Jersey Economic Development Authority and the Company (Series 2019A and Series 2019B), filed as Exhibit 10.50 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed September 6, 2019. 

78 

Index 

EXHIBIT INDEX 

Exhibit No. 

Document Description 
 
 Previous 
 Registration 
 No. 
 
 Filing s 
 Exhibit 
 No. 
 
 10.43 
 Bond Purchase Agreement, dated November 16, 2020, between New York Life Insurance Company and Affiliates and the Company (Series 2020A), filed as Exhibit 10.48 of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020. 

10.44 
 Bond Purchase Agreement, dated November 5, 2021, between New York Life Insurance Company and Affiliates and the Company (Series 2021A and Series 2021B), filed as Exhibit 10.46 of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

10.45 
 Financing Agreement, dated December 16, 2021, between the Delaware Drinking Water State Revolving Fund, acting by and through the Delaware Department of Health Social Services, and Tidewater Utilities, Inc, filed as Exhibit 10.46 of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

10.46 
 Loan Agreement, dated May 1, 2022, between New Jersey Infrastructure Bank and the Company (Series 2022A), filed as Exhibit 10.40 of the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2022. 

10.47 
 Loan Agreement, dated May 1, 2022, between the State of New Jersey, acting by and through the New Jersey Department of Environmental Protection, and the Company (Series 2022B) filed as Exhibit 10.41 of the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2022. 

21 
 Middlesex Water Company Subsidiaries. 

23.1 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm, Baker Tilly US, LLP. 

31 
 Section 302 Certification by Dennis W. Doll pursuant to Rules 13a-14 and 15d-14 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 

31.1 
 Section 302 Certification by A. Bruce O Connor pursuant to Rules 13a-14 and 15d-14 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 

32 
 Section 906 Certification by Dennis W. Doll pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350. 

32.1 
 Section 906 Certification by A. Bruce O Connor pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350. 

101.INS 
 XBRL Instance Document the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 

101.SCH 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

79 

<EX-10.27C>
 2
 ex10-27c.htm
 EX-10.27C

Exhibit 10.27(c) 

AMENDMENT NO. 2 TO UNCOMMITTED LOAN AGREEMENT 

This Amendment No. 2 (the Amendment dated as of January 26, 2023, is between Bank of America, N.A. (the Bank and Middlesex Water Company, a New Jersey corporation,
Tidewater Utilities, Inc., a Delaware corporation, White Marsh Environmental Systems, Inc., a Delaware corporation, Pinelands Water Company,
a New Jersey corporation, Pinelands Wastewater Company, a New Jersey corporation, Utility Service Affiliates, Inc., a New Jersey corporation
and Utility Service Affiliates (Perth Amboy) Inc., a New Jersey corporation (individually and collectively, the Borrower ). 

RECITALS 

A. The Bank, the Borrower and Tidewater Environmental
Services, Inc., a Delaware corporation, entered into a certain Uncommitted Loan Agreement dated as of January 28, 2021 (together with
any previous amendments, the Agreement ). 

B. On January 14, 2022 Middlesex Water Company sold
all the shares of stock of Tidewater Environmental Services, Inc., to Artesian Wastewater Management, 

C. The Bank and the Borrower desire to amend the Agreement.
This Amendment shall be effective on January 26, 2023, subject to any conditions stated in this Amendment. 

AGREEMENT 

1. Definitions . Capitalized terms used but not
defined in this Amendment shall have the meaning given to them in the Agreement. 

1. Amendments . The Agreement is hereby amended
as follows: 

1.1 In
Paragraph 2.2 the date January 26, 2023 is changed to January 25, 2024 . 

2. Representations and Warranties . When the
Borrower signs this Amendment, the Borrower represents and warrants to the Bank that: (a) there is no event which is, or with notice or
lapse of time or both would be, a default under the Agreement except those events, if any, that have been disclosed in writing to the
Bank or waived in writing by the Bank, (b) the representations and warranties in the Agreement are true as of the date of this Amendment
as if made on the date of this Amendment, (c) this Amendment does not conflict with any law, agreement, or obligation by which the Borrower
is bound, (d) if the Borrower is a business entity or a trust, this Amendment is within the Borrower s powers, has been duly authorized,
and does not conflict with any of the Borrower s organizational papers, (e) the information included in the Beneficial Ownership
Certification most recently provided to the Bank, if applicable, is true and correct in all respects, and (f) as of the date of this Amendment
and throughout the term of the Agreement, no Borrower or Guarantor, if any, is (1) an employee benefit plan subject to Title I of the
Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended ERISA ), (2) a plan or account subject to Section 4975 of the
Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the Code ); (3) an entity deemed to hold plan assets of any such plans or accounts
for purposes of ERISA or the Code; or (4) a governmental plan within the meaning of ERISA. 

3. Conditions . The effectiveness of this Amendment
is conditioned upon the Bank s receipt of the following items, in form and content acceptable to the Bank: 

3.1 A
fully executed counterpart of this Amendment from the Borrower in form satisfactory to the Bank. 

3.2 KYC
Information . 

(a) Upon
the request of the Bank, the Borrower shall have provided to the Bank, and the Bank shall be reasonably satisfied with, the documentation
and other information so 

- 1 - 

 Exhibit 10.27(c) 

requested in connection with applicable know your customer and anti-money-laundering rules and
regulations, including, without limitation, the PATRIOT Act. 

(b) If
the Borrower qualifies as a legal entity customer under the Beneficial Ownership Regulation, it shall have provided a Beneficial
Ownership Certification to the Bank if so requested. 

3.3 Evidence
that the execution, delivery and performance by the Borrower of this Amendment and any instrument or agreement required under this Amendment
have been duly authorized. 

3.4 Payment
by the Borrower of all costs, expenses and attorneys fees (including allocated costs for in-house legal services) incurred by
the Bank in connection with this Amendment. 

4. Effect of Amendment . Except as provided in
this Amendment, all of the terms and conditions of the Agreement, including but not limited to any Waiver of Jury Trial or Dispute Resolution
Provision contained therein, shall remain in full force and effect. 

5. Electronic Records and Signatures . This Amendment
and any document, amendment, approval, consent, information, notice, certificate, request, statement, disclosure or authorization related
to this Amendment (each a Communication ), including Communications required to be in writing, may, if agreed by
the Bank, be in the form of an Electronic Record and may be executed using Electronic Signatures, including, without limitation, facsimile
and/or .pdf. The Borrower agrees that any Electronic Signature (including, without limitation, facsimile or .pdf) on or associated with
any Communication shall be valid and binding on the Borrower to the same extent as a manual, original signature, and that any Communication
entered into by Electronic Signature, will constitute the legal, valid and binding obligation of the Borrower enforceable against the
Borrower in accordance with the terms thereof to the same extent as if a manually executed original signature was delivered to the Bank.
Any Communication may be executed in as many counterparts as necessary or convenient, including both paper and electronic counterparts,
but all such counterparts are one and the same Communication. For the avoidance of doubt, the authorization under this paragraph may
include, without limitation, use or acceptance by the Bank of a manually signed paper Communication which has been converted into electronic
form (such as scanned into PDF format), or an electronically signed Communication converted into another format, for transmission, delivery
and/or retention. The Bank may, at its option, create one or more copies of any Communication in the form of an imaged Electronic Record Electronic Copy ), which shall be deemed created in the ordinary course of the Bank s business, and destroy
the original paper document. All Communications in the form of an Electronic Record, including an Electronic Copy, shall be considered
an original for all purposes, and shall have the same legal effect, validity and enforceability as a paper record. Notwithstanding anything
contained herein to the contrary, the Bank is under no obligation to accept an Electronic Signature in any form or in any format unless
expressly agreed to by the Bank pursuant to procedures approved by it; provided, further, without limiting the foregoing, (a) to the
extent the Bank has agreed to accept such Electronic Signature, the Bank shall be entitled to rely on any such Electronic Signature purportedly
given by or on behalf of any Obligor without further verification and (b) upon the request of the Bank any Electronic Signature shall
be promptly followed by a manually executed, original counterpart. For purposes hereof, Electronic Record and Electronic
Signature shall have the meanings assigned to them, respectively, by 15 USC 7006, as it may be amended from time to
time. 

6. FINAL AGREEMENT . BY SIGNING THIS DOCUMENT
EACH PARTY REPRESENTS AND AGREES THAT: (A) THIS DOCUMENT REPRESENTS THE FINAL AGREEMENT BETWEEN PARTIES WITH RESPECT TO THE SUBJECT MATTER
HEREOF, (B) THIS DOCUMENT SUPERSEDES ANY COMMITMENT LETTER, TERM SHEET OR OTHER WRITTEN OUTLINE OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO THE
SUBJECT MATTER HEREOF, UNLESS SUCH COMMITMENT LETTER, TERM SHEET OR OTHER WRITTEN OUTLINE OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS EXPRESSLY PROVIDES TO
THE CONTRARY, (C) THERE ARE NO UNWRITTEN ORAL AGREEMENTS BETWEEN THE PARTIES, AND (D) THIS DOCUMENT MAY NOT BE CONTRADICTED BY EVIDENCE
OF ANY PRIOR, CONTEMPORANEOUS, OR SUBSEQUENT ORAL AGREEMENTS OR UNDERSTANDINGS OF THE PARTIES. 

- 2 - 

 Exhibit 10.27(c) 

The parties executed this Amendment as of the date
stated at the beginning of this Amendment, intending to create an instrument executed under seal. 

Bank: 

Bank of America, N.A. 

By: 
 /s/ Dilcia P. Hill 

Dilcia P. Hill, Senior Vice President 

Borrower: 

Middlesex Water Company 

By: 
 /s/ A. Bruce O Connor 

A. Bruce O Connor, Sr. VP, Treasurer CFO 

Tidewater Utilities, Inc. 

By: 
 /s/ A. Bruce O Connor 

A. Bruce O Connor, President 

White Marsh Environmental Systems, Inc. 

By: 
 /s/ A. Bruce O Connor 

A. Bruce O Connor, President 

Pinelands Water Company 

By: 
 /s/ A. Bruce O Connor 

A. Bruce O Connor, VP Treasurer 

Pinelands Wastewater Company 

By: 
 /s/ A. Bruce O Connor 

A. Bruce O Connor, VP Treasurer 

Utility Service Affiliates, Inc. 

By: 
 /s/ A. Bruce O Connor 

A. Bruce O Connor, Treasurer 

Utility Service Affiliates (Perth Amboy) Inc. 

By: 
 /s/ A. Bruce O Connor 

A. Bruce O Connor, Treasurer 

Address where notices to 
the Bank are to be sent: 
 Address where notices to 
the Borrower are to be sent: 
 
 Dilcia P. Hill 
Senior Vice President 
Commercial Credit Officer Global Commercial Banking Bank of America NJ7-550-04-02, 194 Wood Ave. South, Iselin, NJ 08830 T 732 321 5925 F 212 230 8577 dilcia.p.hill@bofa.com 
 Middlesex Water Company 
485 C Route 1 South, Suite 400, Iselin NJ 08830-3020 
Attention: A. Bruce O Connor 
Senior Vice President, Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer 

- 3 - 

 Exhibit 10.27(c) 

OMNIBUS ORGANIZATIONAL CERTIFICATE 

 The undersigned, Secretary of Middlesex Water Company,
a New Jersey corporation, Tidewater Utilities, Inc., a Delaware corporation, White Marsh Environmental Systems, Inc., a Delaware corporation,
Pinelands Water Company, a New Jersey corporation, Pinelands Wastewater Company, a New Jersey corporation, Utility Service Affiliates,
Inc., a New Jersey corporation and Utility Service Affiliates (Perth Amboy) Inc., a New Jersey corporation (each a Company ,
collectively the Companies ), certifies as follows: 

 1. There
have been no amendments to the Certificate of Incorporation of any of the Companies on file in the jurisdiction of its formation as attached
to the Omnibus Organizational Certificate dated January 28, 2021 certified by me as Secretary of the Companies. There are no proceedings
for the merger, consolidation, liquidation, sale of all or substantially all of the assets or dissolution of any Company pending or contemplated. 

 2. There
has been no amendment to the By-laws of any of the Companies as attached to the Omnibus Organizational Certificate dated January 28, 2021
certified by me as Secretary of the Companies. 

 3. The
resolutions of the Board of Directors of each of the Companies as attached to the Omnibus Organizational Certificate dated January 28,
2021 certified by me as Secretary of the Companies is now in full force and effect and has not been modified, amended or revoked and is
the only resolution of the Companies relating to the matters set forth in such resolution. 

 4. Each
of the persons listed on such resolutions are presently the duly elected, qualified and acting officer of the applicable Company as specified
therein. 

 5. As
evidenced by the Good Standing Certificates attached as Exhibit A, each of the Companies is in good standing in the jurisdiction of its
formation. 

 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this
certificate as of January 26, 2023. 

/s/ Jay L. Kooper 

Jay L. Kooper 

Secretary 

- 4 - 

 Exhibit 10.27(c) 

Exhibit A 

 Good Standing Certificates Attached 

- 5 - 

</EX-10.27C>

<EX-21>
 3
 ex21.htm
 EX-21

Exhibit 21 

Middlesex Water Company 

Subsidiaries 

Jurisdiction of 
 Organization 
 
 Tidewater Utilities, Inc. 
 Delaware 
 
 Pinelands Water Company 
 New Jersey 
 
 Pinelands Wastewater Company 
 New Jersey 
 
 Utility Service Affiliates (Perth Amboy) Inc. 
 New Jersey 
 
 Utility Service Affiliates, Inc. 
 New Jersey 
 
 Twin Lakes Utilities, Inc. 
 Pennsylvania 

</EX-21>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 ex23-1.htm
 EX-23.1

Exhibit 23.1 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC
ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the
Registration Statements on Form S-3 (File No. 333-266482) and Form S-8 (File No. 333-156269) of Middlesex Water Company of our report
dated February 24, 2023, relating to the consolidated financial statements and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting,
which appears in this Form 10-K. 

/s/ Baker Tilly US, LLP 

 Baker Tilly US, LLP 

Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 

 February 24, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31>
 5
 ex31.htm
 EX-31

Exhibit 31 

 SECTION 302 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULES 13a-14 

 AND 15d-14 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

I, Dennis W. Doll, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Middlesex Water Company; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state
a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading
with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report,
fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for,
the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure
controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have; 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be
designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries,
is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting
to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation
of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in
this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by
this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any changes in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth quarter in the case of an annual
report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation
of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of
directors (or persons performing the equivalent function): 

a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over
financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report
financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role
in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

/s/ Dennis W. Doll 

Dennis W. Doll 

Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Date: February 24, 2023 

</EX-31>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 ex31-1.htm
 EX-31.1

Exhibit 31.1 

 SECTION 302 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULES 13a-14 

 AND 15d-14 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

I, A. Bruce O Connor, certify
that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Middlesex Water Company; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state
a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading
with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report,
fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for,
the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure
controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f))for the registrant and have; 

a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be
designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries,
is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting
to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation
of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in
this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by
this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. Disclosed in this report any changes in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth quarter in the case of an annual
report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation
of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of
directors (or persons performing the equivalent function): 

a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over
financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report
financial information; and 

b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role
in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

/s/ A. Bruce O Connor 

A. Bruce O Connor 

Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Date: February 24, 2023 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32>
 7
 ex32.htm
 EX-32

Exhibit 32 

SECTION 906 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C.
 1350 

I, Dennis W. Doll, hereby certify that, to the best
of my knowledge, the periodic report being filed herewith containing financial statements fully complies with the requirements of section
13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m(a) or 78o(d)) and that information contained in said periodic report
fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Middlesex Water Company for the period
covered by said periodic report. 

/s/ Dennis W. Doll 

Dennis W. Doll 

Chief Executive Officer 

Date: February 24, 2023 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has
been provided to Middlesex Water Company and will be retained by Middlesex Water Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange
Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 ex32-1.htm
 EX-32.1

Exhibit 32.1 

SECTION 906 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C.
 1350 

 I, A. Bruce O Connor, hereby certify
that, to the best of my knowledge, the periodic report being filed herewith containing financial statements fully complies with the requirements
of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m(a) or 78o(d)) and that information contained in said periodic
report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Middlesex Water Company for the
period covered by said periodic report. 

/s/ A. Bruce O Connor 

A. Bruce O Connor 

Chief Financial Officer 

Date: February 24, 2023 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has
been provided to Middlesex Water Company and will be retained by Middlesex Water Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange
Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 11
 msex-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 12
 msex-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 13
 msex-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 14
 msex-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 15
 msex-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

