<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230109_10-K_edgar_data_1502152_0001161697-23-000049.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3886492</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>127451</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>792724</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>865973</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>956195</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1057901</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001161697-23-000049.hdr.sgml : 20230109
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230109134657
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001161697-23-000049
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		54
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20220930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230109
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230109

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			GlobeStar Therapeutics Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001502152
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		IRS NUMBER:				273480481
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			WY
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55072
		FILM NUMBER:		23517578

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		719 JADWIN AVENUE
		CITY:			RICHLAND
		STATE:			WA
		ZIP:			99352
		BUSINESS PHONE:		509-531-1671

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		719 JADWIN AVENUE
		CITY:			RICHLAND
		STATE:			WA
		ZIP:			99352

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	AngioSoma, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20160622

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	First Titan Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20100927

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001161697-23-000049.txt : 20230109

10-K
 1
 form_10-k.htm
 FORM 10-K ANNUAL REPORT FOR 09-30-2022

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITY
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 WASHINGTON,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

(MARK
ONE) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended 

or 

TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from _________ to _________ 

Commission
File Number: 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction
 of Incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer
 Identification Number) 

,
 , 

(Address of principal
 executive offices) 
 
 (Zip code) 

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code: - 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

Title of Each
 Class 
 
 Name of Each Exchange
 on which Registered 

OTC Markets 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 

Yes

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 

Yes

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports),
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 

No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant
to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that
the registrant was required to submit such files). 

No 

Indicate
by check mark if disclosures of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K 229.405 of this chapter) is not
contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of the registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information
statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 

Yes
 No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

(Do not check is smaller reporting
 company) 
 Emerging growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for
complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 

Yes

The
Aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at
which the common equity was last sold, or the average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of the last business day of
the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, March 31, 2022 was . 

There
were shares of the Registrant s common stock outstanding as of January 3, 2023. 

- 2 - 

GLOBESTAR
THERAPEUTICS CORPORATION. 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Part I 
 5 
 
 Item 1. Business 
 5 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 6 
 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 10 
 
 Item 2. Properties 
 10 
 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 10 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 10 

Part II 
 11 
 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 11 
 
 Item 6. Selected Financial Data 
 14 
 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of operations 
 15 
 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 17 
 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 17 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 18 
 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 20 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 21 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Deficit 
 22 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 23 
 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 24 
 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 36 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 36 
 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 37 

Part III 
 38 
 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 38 
 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 40 
 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 41 
 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 42 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 42 

Part IV 
 43 
 
 Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 43 

Signatures 
 44 

- 3 - 

Table of Contents 

CAUTIONARY
STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION 

Certain
statements in this report contain or may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities
Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. These statements, identified by words such as plan ,
 anticipate , believe , estimate , should , expect and similar
expressions include our expectations and objectives regarding our future financial position, operating results and business strategy.
These statements are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, which may cause actual results, performance,
or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking
statements. These forward-looking statements were based on various factors and were derived utilizing numerous assumptions and
other factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements. These factors
include, but are not limited to, our ability to secure suitable financing to continue with our existing business or change our
business and conclude a merger, acquisition or combination with a business prospect, economic, political and market conditions
and fluctuations, government and industry regulation, interest rate risk, U.S. and global competition, and other factors. Most
of these factors are difficult to predict accurately and are generally beyond our control. You should consider the areas of risk
described in connection with any forward-looking statements that may be made herein. Readers are cautioned not to place undue
reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this report. Readers should carefully review
this report in its entirety, including but not limited to our financial statements and the notes thereto and the risks described
in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2019. We advise you to carefully review the reports
and documents we file from time to time with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ), particularly our
quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and our current reports on Form 8-K. Except for our ongoing obligations to disclose material information
under the Federal securities laws, we undertake no obligation to release publicly any revisions to any forward-looking statements,
to report events or to report the occurrence of unanticipated events. 

OTHER
PERTINENT INFORMATION 

When
used in this report, the terms, we, the Company, GSTC, our, and us 
refers to GlobeStar Therapeutics Corporation., a Wyoming corporation. 

- 4 - 

Table of Contents 

PART
I 

ITEM
1. BUSINESS 

Overview 

GlobeStar
Therapeutics Corporation (the Company was incorporated on April 29, 2016. The Company s year-end is September
30. On October 4, 2019, the Company filed Articles of Continuance with the Secretary of State of Wyoming to continue its business
in the state of Wyoming. As part of these Articles of Continuance, effective October 4, 2019, the Company has no limit on the
authorized shares of common stock that can be issued. The Company filed its Certificate of Dissolution with the Secretary of State
of Nevada on October 21, 2019 because it is no longer a Nevada corporation. 

We
changed our name to GlobeStar Therapeutics Corporation on April 27, 2021 to better reflect our expanded platform of products that
include breakthrough addition of treatment for Multiple Sclerosis and other neurodegenerative diseases. 

GlobeStar
Therapeutics Corporation, based in Richland Washington, is a clinical stage Pharmaceutical Company introducing a patented formulation
of previously approved drugs for the treatment of Multiple Sclerosis. GlobeStar Therapeutics owns the exclusive global license
from the inventors, who are based in Italy. GlobeStar Therapeutics is initiating discussions with the FDA on clinical trial design
in preparation for FDA submission and approval pathway. 

Prior
to the Company s current business plan, the Company was a wellness company dedicated to bringing innovative, effective and
high-quality supplement products to the medical, wellness and adult-use markets through our marketing subsidiary, SomaCeuticals TM 

Professional
Team 

We
have adopted a Medical Advisory Board and appointed medical doctors and medical professionals that have extensive education and
hands on experience with pharmaceutical and nutraceutical solution for prevention and treatment of disease. 

Management s
Plan to Attract Capital 

In
the near term, management will utilize debt or preferred stock financing to complete assembling the professional and management
team to commence the process for clinical trials in compliance with FDA protocol. plans to continue to focus on raising the funds
necessary to implement the Company s business plan. Management will continue to seek out debt financing to obtain the capital
required to meet the Company s financial obligations. There is no assurance, however, that investors will continue to advance
capital to the Company or that the new business operations will be profitable. The possibility of failure in obtaining additional
funding and the potential inability to achieve profitability raise doubts about the Company s ability to continue as a going
concern. 

In
the midterm, management will enhance its capital position with a public offering of equity securities to finance clinical trials
and the necessary actions to obtain approval of worldwide marketing of our MS treatment 

In
the long term, marketing the Company s pharmaceutical and nutraceutical products will provide the necessary cash flow to
support future growth. However, there can be no assurances that the Company s planned activities will be successful, or
that the Company will ultimately attain profitability. The Company s long-term viability depends on its ability to obtain
adequate sources of capital to support near term and midterm business operations, and the ability of the Company to achieve adequate
profitability and cash flows from operations to support its operations. 

Corporate
Governance 

We
have adopted codes and committees for governance of the corporation that include: (i) audit committee charter, (ii) written acknowledgement
of code of ethics for directors and senior officers, (iii) compensation committee charter, (iv) confidential information policy,
iv) corporate governance guidelines, (vi) executive committee charter, and (vii) nominating committee charter. 

- 5 - 

Table of Contents 

ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS 

You
should carefully consider the following risk factors discussed below and the matters addressed under Special Note Regarding
Forward-Looking Statements, together with all the other information presented in this prospectus, including our audited
financial statements and related notes. The risks described below are the only presently known risks facing us or that may materially
adversely affect our business. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial
may also materially and adversely affect our business. If any of the following risks develop into actual events, our business,
financial condition or results of operations could be materially adversely affected and you may lose all or part of your investment. 

We
face substantial competition, which may result in others developing or commercializing products before or more successfully than
we do. 

The
development and commercialization of our dietary supplements is highly competitive. We expect that we will face significant competition
from other companies that develop and market dietary supplements. 

Many
of our existing and potential future competitors have significantly greater financial resources and expertise in research and
development, manufacturing, and marketing dietary supplements than we do. 

Product
liability lawsuits against us could divert our resources, cause us to incur substantial liabilities and limit marketing of our
supplements. 

We
face an inherent risk of product liability claims. For example, we may be sued if any product we sell allegedly causes injury
or is found to be otherwise unsuitable. Any such product liability claims may include allegations of defects in manufacturing,
defects in design, a failure to warn of dangers inherent in the product, negligence, strict liability or a breach of warranties.
Claims could also be asserted under state consumer protection acts. If we cannot successfully defend ourselves against product
liability claims, we may incur substantial liabilities or be required to limit commercialization of our products. Regardless of
the merits or eventual outcome, liability claims may result in: 

decreased demand
 for our products or products that we may develop; 

injury to our reputation
 and significant negative media attention; 

significant costs
 to defend resulting litigation; 

substantial monetary
 awards to users; 

loss of revenue; 

reduced resources
 of our management to pursue our business strategy; and 

the inability to
 commercialize our products and additional products that we may develop. 

Risks
Related to Our Financial Position and Need for Additional Capital 

Implications
of Being an Emerging Growth Company 

As
a company with less than 1.0 billion of revenue during our last fiscal year, we qualify as an emerging growth company 
as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012, or the JOBS Act, and we may remain an emerging growth company for
up to five years. For so long as we remain an emerging growth company, we are permitted and intend to rely on exemptions from
certain disclosure and other requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies.
In particular, in this 10-K, we have provided only two years of audited consolidated financial statements and have not included
all of the executive compensation related information that would be required if we were not an emerging growth company. Accordingly,
the information contained herein may be different than the information you receive from other public companies in which you hold
stock. 

- 6 - 

Table of Contents 

We
have a history of operating losses and expect to continue to realize losses in the near future. Currently our operations are producing
inadequate revenue to fund all operating costs, and we rely on investments by third parties to fund our business. Even as our
revenue grows, we may not become profitable or be able to sustain profitability. 

From
inception, we have incurred significant net losses and have not realized adequate revenue to support our operations. We expect
to continue to incur net losses and negative cash flow from operations in the near future, and we will continue to experience
losses for at least as long as it takes our company to generate revenue from the sale of products. The size of these losses will
depend, in large part, on whether we develop products in a profitable manner. To date, we have had only limited operating revenues.
There can be no assurance that we will achieve material revenues in the future. Should we achieve a level of revenues that make
us profitable, there is no assurance that we can maintain or increase profitability levels in the future. 

There
is substantial doubt as to whether we will continue operations. If we discontinue operations, you could lose your investment. 

The
following factors raise substantial doubt regarding the ability of our business to continue as a going concern: (i) the losses
we incurred since our inception; (ii) our lack of significant operating revenues since inception through the date of this prospectus;
and (iii) our dependence on debt and equity funding to continue in operation. We therefore expect to incur significant losses
in the foreseeable future. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the uncertainty about
our ability to continue our business. If we are unable to obtain additional financing from outside sources and eventually produce
enough revenues, we may be forced to curtail or cease our operations. If this happens, you could lose all or part of your investment. 

Our
lack of any profitable operating history makes it difficult for us to evaluate our future business prospects and make decisions
based on those estimates of our future performance. 

We
do not have any substantial operating history, which makes it impossible to evaluate our business on the basis of historical operations.
Our business carries both known and unknown risks. As a consequence, our past results may not be indicative of future results.
Although this is true for any business, it is particularly true for us because of our lacking any profitable operating history. 

Because
our auditors have issued a going concern opinion, there is substantial uncertainty that we will be able to continue our operations. 

Our
auditors have issued a going concern opinion. This means that there is substantial doubt that we can continue to operate over
the next 12 months. Our financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification
of recorded assets, or the amounts of and classification of liabilities that might be necessary in the event we cannot continue
in existence. As such, if we are unable to obtain new financing to execute our business plan we may be required to cease our operations. 

Effective
March 3, 2021, we changed management by electing James C. Katzaroff President and Chief Executive Officer. 

There
is no assurance Mr. Katzaroff will be successful in securing FDA clearance and marking the newly acquired license for treatment
of Multiple Sclerosis. 

Our
chief executive officer has the ability to significantly influence any matters to be decided by the stockholders, which may prevent
or delay a change in control of our company. 

James
Katzaroff, our CEO, currently owns 1,000,000 shares of series E preferred stock. The owner of the series E preferred stock is
entitled to the number of votes equal to double the number of votes of all other stockholders. Therefore, Mr. Katzaroff
has voting rights equal to two-thirds of all votes cast at any action of stockholders and can exert decisive influence over the
outcome of any corporate matter submitted to our stockholders for approval, including the election of directors, removal of the
entire board of directors and any transaction that might cause a change in control, such as a merger or acquisition. Any stockholders
in favor of a matter that is opposed by this stockholder cannot overrule the vote of James Katzaroff. 

James
Katzaroff is one of three directors and CEO. The loss of Mr. Katzaroff could adversely affect our business. 

Since
Mr. Katzaroff is currently a director and CEO, if he were to die, become disabled, or leave our company, we would be forced to
retain an individual to replace him. There is no assurance that we can find a suitable person to replace him if that becomes necessary.
We have no key man life insurance at this time. 

- 7 - 

Table of Contents 

Risks
related to our common stock 

We
lack an established trading market for our common stock, and you may be unable to sell your common stock at attractive prices
or at all. 

There
is currently a limited trading market for our common stock on the OTC Market Group s QB tier under the symbol GSTC. 
There can be no assurances given that an established public market will be obtained for our common stock or that any public market
will last. As a result, we cannot assure you that you will be able to sell your common stock at attractive prices or at all. 

The
market price for our common stock may be highly volatile. 

The
market price for our common stock may be highly volatile. A variety of factors may have a significant impact on the market price
of our common stock, including: 

the publication
 of earnings estimates or other research reports and speculation in the press or investment community; 

changes in the industry and competitors; 

our financial condition, results of operations
 and prospects; 

any future issuances
 of our common stock, which may include primary offerings for cash, and the grant or exercise of stock options from time to
 time; 

general market and
 economic conditions; and 

any outbreak or
 escalation of hostilities, which could cause a recession or downturn in our economy. 

We
may be subject to shareholder litigation, thereby diverting our resources that may have a material effect on our profitability
and results of operations. 

As
discussed in the preceding risk factors, the market for our common shares is characterized by significant price volatility when
compared to seasoned issuers, and we expect that our share price will continue to be more volatile than a seasoned issuer for
the indefinite future. In the past, plaintiffs have often initiated securities class action litigation against a company following
periods of volatility in the market price of its securities. We may become the target of similar litigation. Securities litigation
will result in substantial costs and liabilities and will divert management s attention and resources. 

Future
sales of common stock by stockholders may have an adverse effect on the then prevailing market price of our common stock. 

In
the event a public market for our common stock is sustained in the future, sales of our common stock may be made by holders of
our public float or by holders of restricted securities in compliance with the provisions of Rule 144 of the Securities Act of
1933. In general, under Rule 144, a non-affiliated person who has satisfied a six-month holding period in a company registered
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, may, sell their restricted common stock without volume limitation, so long
as the issuer is current with all reports under the Exchange Act in order for there to be adequate common public information.
Affiliated persons may also sell their common shares held for at least six months, but affiliated persons will be required to
meet certain other requirements, including manner of sale, notice requirements and volume limitations. Non-affiliated persons
who hold their common shares for at least one year will be able to sell their common stock without the need for there to be current
public information in the hands of the public. Future sales of shares of our public float or by restricted common stock made in
compliance with Rule 144 may have an adverse effect on the then prevailing market price, if any, of our common stock. 

We
do not expect to pay cash dividends in the foreseeable future. 

We
do not anticipate paying cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. We may not have sufficient funds to legally
pay dividends. Even if funds are legally available to pay dividends, we may nevertheless decide in our sole discretion not to
pay dividends. The declaration, payment and amount of any future dividends will be made at the discretion of our board of directors,
and will depend upon, among other things, the results of our operations, cash flows and financial condition, operating and capital
requirements, and other factors our board of directors may consider relevant. There is no assurance that we will pay any dividends
in the future, and, if dividends are paid, there is no assurance with respect to the amount of any such dividend. 

- 8 - 

Table of Contents 

As
a public company, we are subject to complex legal and accounting requirements that will require us to incur significant expenses
and will expose us to risk of non-compliance. 

As
a public company, we are subject to numerous legal and accounting requirements that do not apply to private companies. The cost
of compliance with many of these requirements is material, not only in absolute terms but, more importantly, in relation to the
overall scope of the operations of a small company. Our relative inexperience with these requirements may increase the cost of
compliance and may also increase the risk that we will fail to comply. Failure to comply with these requirements can have numerous
adverse consequences including, but not limited to, our inability to file required periodic reports on a timely basis, loss of
market confidence and/or governmental or private actions against us. We cannot assure you that we will be able to comply with
all of these requirements or that the cost of such compliance will not prove to be a substantial competitive disadvantage vis- -vis
our privately held and larger public competitors. 

Compliance
with changing regulation of corporate governance and public disclosure will result in additional expenses and pose challenges
for our management. 

Changing
laws, regulations and standards relating to corporate governance and public disclosure, including the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform
and Consumer Protection Act, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and SEC regulations,
have created uncertainty for public companies and significantly increased the costs and risks associated with accessing the U.S.
public markets. Our management team will need to devote significant time and financial resources to comply with both existing
and evolving standards for public companies, which will lead to increased general and administrative expenses and a diversion
of management time and attention from revenue generating activities to compliance activities. 

We
will need to raise substantial additional capital in the future to fund our operations and we may be unable to raise such funds
when needed and on acceptable terms. 

When
we elect to raise additional funds or additional funds are required, we may raise such funds from time to time through public
or private equity offerings, debt financings, corporate collaboration and licensing arrangements or other financing alternatives
Additional equity or debt financing or corporate collaboration and licensing arrangements may not be available on acceptable terms,
if at all. If we are unable to raise additional capital in sufficient amounts or on terms acceptable to us, we will be prevented
from pursuing acquisition, licensing, development and commercialization efforts and our ability to generate revenues and achieve
or sustain profitability will be substantially harmed. 

If
we raise additional funds by issuing equity securities, our stockholders will experience dilution. Debt financing, if available,
would result in increased fixed payment obligations and may involve agreements that include covenants limiting or restricting
our ability to take specific actions, such as incurring additional debt, making capital expenditures or declaring dividends. Any
debt financing or additional equity that we raise may contain terms, such as liquidation and other preferences, which are not
favorable to us or our stockholders. If we raise additional funds through collaboration and licensing arrangements with third
parties, it may be necessary to relinquish valuable rights to our technologies, future revenue streams or product candidates or
to grant licenses on terms that may not be favorable to us. Should the financing we require to sustain our working capital needs
be unavailable or prohibitively expensive when we require it, our business, operating results, financial condition and prospects
could be materially and adversely affected and we may be unable to continue our operations. 

We
are subject to penny stock regulations and restrictions, and you may have difficulty selling shares of our common stock. 

Our
common stock is subject to the provisions of Section 15(g) and Rule 15g-9 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange
Act ), commonly referred to as the penny stock rule. Section 15(g) sets forth certain requirements for transactions
in penny stock, and Rule 15g-9(d) incorporates the definition of penny stock that is found in Rule 3a51-1 of the
Exchange Act. The SEC generally defines a penny stock to be any equity security that has a market price less than 5.00 per share,
subject to certain exceptions. We are subject to the SEC s penny stock rules. 

- 9 - 

Table of Contents 

Since
our common stock is deemed to be penny stock, trading in the shares of our common stock is subject to additional sales practice
requirements on broker-dealers who sell penny stock to persons other than established customers and accredited investors. Accredited
investors are persons with assets in excess of 1,000,000 (excluding the value of such person s primary residence)
or annual income exceeding 200,000 or 300,000 together with their spouse. For transactions covered by these rules, broker-dealers
must make a special suitability determination for the purchase of such security and must have the purchaser s written consent
to the transaction prior to the purchase. Additionally, for any transaction involving a penny stock, unless exempt the rules require
the delivery, prior to the first transaction of a risk disclosure document, prepared by the SEC, relating to the penny stock market.
A broker-dealer also must disclose the commissions payable to both the broker-dealer and the registered representative and current
quotations for the securities. Finally, monthly statements must be sent disclosing recent price information for the penny stocks
held in an account and information to the limited market in penny stocks. Consequently, these rules may restrict the ability of
broker-dealer to trade and/or maintain a market in our common stock and may affect the ability of our stockholders to sell their
shares of common stock. 

There
can be no assurance that our shares of common stock will qualify for exemption from the Penny Stock Rule. In any event, even if
our common stock was exempt from the Penny Stock Rule, we would remain subject to Section 15(b)(6) of the Exchange Act, which
gives the SEC the authority to restrict any person from participating in a distribution of penny stock if the SEC finds that such
a restriction would be in the public interest. 

Our
common stock is subject to price volatility unrelated to our operations. 

The
market price of our common stock could fluctuate substantially due to a variety of factors, including market perception of our
ability to achieve our planned growth, quarterly operating results of other companies in the same industry, trading volume in
our common stock, changes in general conditions in the economy and the financial markets or other developments affecting our competitors
or ourselves. In addition, the over-the-counter market is subject to extreme price and volume fluctuations in general. This volatility
has had a significant effect on the market price of securities issued by many companies for reasons unrelated to their operating
performance and could have the same effect on our common stock. 

Trading
in our common stock on the OTC Markets is limited and sporadic making it difficult for our shareholders to sell their shares or
liquidate their investments. 

Trading
in our common stock is currently published on the OTC Markets. The trading price of our common stock has been subject to wide
fluctuations. Trading prices of our common stock may fluctuate in response to a number of factors, many of which will be beyond
our control. The stock market has generally experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have often been unrelated or
disproportionate to the operating performance of companies with no current business operation. There can be no assurance that
trading prices and price earnings ratios previously experienced by our common stock will be matched or maintained. These broad
market and industry factors may adversely affect the market price of our common stock, regardless of our operating performance.
In the past, following periods of volatility in the market price of a company s securities, securities class-action litigation
has often been instituted. Such litigation, if instituted, could result in substantial costs for us and a diversion of management s
attention and resources. 

ITEM
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

This
item is not applicable to emerging growth companies. 

ITEM
2. PROPERTIES 

We
maintain our corporate offices at 719 Jadwin Avenue, Richland, WA Our telephone number is 206-451-1970. 

ITEM
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

We
know of no other material, active or pending legal proceedings against us, nor are we involved as a plaintiff in any material
proceedings or pending litigation. There are no proceedings in which any of our directors, officers or affiliates, or any registered
beneficial shareholder are an adverse party or has a material interest adverse to us. 

ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not
applicable. 

- 10 - 

Table of Contents 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S
COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Market Information 

Our common stock trades over the counter
and trading is reported by OTC Markets under the QB tier under the symbol GSTC . The following table sets forth, for
the period indicated, the prices of the common stock in the over-the-counter market, as reported and summarized by OTC Markets
Group, Inc. These quotations represent inter-dealer quotations, without adjustment for retail markup, markdown, or commission and
may not represent actual transactions. There is an absence of an established trading market for the Company s common stock,
as the market is limited, sporadic and highly volatile. 

Holders 

As of the date of this filing, there were
42 holders of record of our common stock. 

Dividends 

To date, we have not paid dividends on
shares of our common stock and we do not expect to declare or pay dividends on shares of our common stock in the foreseeable future.
The payment of any dividends will depend upon our future earnings, if any, our financial condition, and other factors deemed relevant
by our Board of Directors. 

Common Stock 

We are authorized to issue an unlimited number shares of common stock,
with a par value of 0.001. The closing price of our common stock on January 3, 2023, as quoted by OTC Markets Group, Inc., was 0.0125.
There were 770,360,616 shares of common stock issued and outstanding as of January 3, 2023. All shares of common stock have one vote per
share on all matters including election of directors, without provision for cumulative voting. The common stock is not redeemable and
has no conversion or preemptive rights. The common stock currently outstanding is validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable. In the
event of liquidation of the Company, the holders of common stock will share equally in any balance of the Company s assets available
for distribution to them after satisfaction of creditors and preferred shareholders, if any. The holders of the Company s common
are entitled to equal dividends and distributions per share with respect to the common stock when, as and if, declared by the Board of
Directors from funds legally available. 

Our Articles of Incorporation, our Bylaws,
and the applicable statutes of the state of Wyoming contain a more complete description of the rights and liabilities of holders
of our securities. 

During the year ended September 30, 2022,
there was no modification of any instruments defining the rights of holders of the Company s common stock and no limitation
or qualification of the rights evidenced by the Company s common stock as a result of the issuance of any other class of
securities or the modification thereof. 

Non-cumulative voting 

Holders of shares of our common stock do
not have cumulative voting rights, which means that the holders of more than 50 of the outstanding shares, voting for the election
of directors, can elect all of the directors to be elected, if they so choose, and, in that event, the holders of the remaining
shares will not be able to elect any of our directors. 

- 11 - 

Table of Contents 

Securities Authorized for Issuance under
Equity Compensation Plans 

The following table shows the number of
shares of common stock that could be issued upon exercise of outstanding options and warrants, the weighted average exercise price
of the outstanding options and warrants, and the remaining shares available for future issuance as of September 30, 2022. 

Plan Category 
 Number of Securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights 
 Weighted average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights 
 Number of securities remaining available for future issuance 
 
 Equity compensation plans approved by security holders. 

10,000,000 

Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders. 

Total 

10,000,000 

Preferred Stock 

Our authority to issue preferred stock
is unlimited shares of 0.001 par value preferred stock. 

Series A Preferred Stock 
 Our board of directors has designated up to 6,000,000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock. The Series A Preferred Stock
has a liquidation value of 2.00 per share. The initial number issued is 5,000,000 with additional shares to be issued as a dividend
not to exceed a total of 6,000,000 shares. The rank of the Series A is prior to all common and preferred shares. In addition, the
Series A Preferred Stock retains protective provisions to maintain their seniority with respect to liquidation or dissolution.
The Series A Preferred Stock holds no voting rights and earns an 8 per annum dividend, payable in additional shares of Series
A Preferred Stock. As part of a legal settlement with David Summers, during the year ended September 30, 2020, 5,800,000 shares
of Series A Preferred Stock were returned to the Company and cancelled. At September 30, 2022 and 2021, no shares of the Series A Preferred
Stock were issued and outstanding. 

Series B Preferred Stock 
 Our board of directors has designated up to 1,000,000 shares of Series B Preferred Stock. The Series B Preferred Stock
has a liquidation value of 1.00 per share. The holders of the Series B Preferred Stock are entitled to dividends of 8 per year
payable quarterly in cash or in shares of common stock at the option of the Company. The holders of the Series B Preferred Stock
have no voting rights. The Series B Preferred Stock is redeemable at the option of the Company at a price of 1.00 per share. At
September 30, 2022 and 2021, no shares of Series B Preferred Stock were issued or outstanding. 

Series C Preferred Stock 
 On September 12, 2017, our board of directors designated up to 1,200,000 shares of Series C Preferred Stock with a liquidation
value of 0.50 per share. The holders of the Series C Preferred Stock have no voting rights. The Series C Preferred Stock is convertible
at the option of the holder into shares of common stock at a rate of one share of common stock for each share of Series C Preferred
Stock. The Series C Preferred Stock is redeemable at the option of the Company at a price of 0.50 per share. The Series C Preferred
Stock has been canceled as of September 30, 2017. 

Series D Preferred Stock 
 On September 21, 2017, our board of directors designated up to 539,988 shares of Series D Preferred Stock with a liquidation
value of 1.00 per share. The holders of the Series D Preferred Stock have no voting rights. The Series D Preferred Stock is convertible
at the option of the holder into shares of common stock at a rate of 0.01 per share of common stock. The Series D Preferred Stock
is not redeemable. At September 30, 2022 and 2021, 509,988 shares of the Series D Preferred Stock were issued and outstanding. 

- 12 - 

Table of Contents 

Series E Preferred Stock 
 Our board of directors has designated up to 1,000,000 shares of Series E Preferred stock. The Series E Preferred stock
has voting rights on the basis of two votes for every outstanding share of common stock meaning that the holders of the Series
E Preferred Stock have 2/3 of the voting rights in the Company. At September 30, 2022 and 2021, 1,000,000 shares of the Series E Preferred
Stock were issued and outstanding. 

Series
F Preferred Stock On September 21, 2017, our board of directors designated up to 501,975 shares of Series F
Preferred Stock with a liquidation value of 1.00 per share. The holders of the Series F Preferred Stock have no voting rights. The
Series F Preferred Stock is convertible at the option of the holder into shares of common stock at a rate of 0.01 per share of
common stock. The Series F Preferred Stock is not redeemable. During the year ended September 30, 2019, 60,000 shares of the Series
F Preferred Stock were returned for cancellation. At September 30, 2021, 386,975 shares of the Series F Preferred Stock were issued
and outstanding. During the year ended September 30, 2022, 257,984 shares of Series F Preferred Stock was converted into 25,798,400
shares of common stock. At September 30, 2022, 128,991 shares of the Series F Preferred Stock were issued and outstanding. 

Series G Preferred Stock -
On August 11, 2021, our board of directors designated up to 1,000,000 shares of Series G Preferred Stock with a liquidation value
of 1.00 per share. The holders of the Series G Preferred Stock have no voting rights except on matters related specifically to
the Series G Preferred Stock. The Series G Preferred Stock carries a dividend of 8 of the stated value per share, which is cumulative
and payable upon redemption, liquidation or conversion, and increases to 22 in case of default. The Series G Preferred Stock and
accrued dividends are convertible beginning 180 days from issuance at the option of the holder into shares of common stock at a
rate of a conversion price of 75 of the average three lowest trading prices during the 15 days prior to conversion. The Company
will be required to redeem the Series G Preferred Stock upon the earlier of 15 months from issuance date or upon on event of default
as defined in the agreement. The Company sold 93,500 shares for net cash proceeds of 81,250 of cash proceeds. 

Based on the economic characteristics of
the Series G Preferred Stock, the Company determined that the Series G should be accounted for as a liability under ASC 480-10,
based on the discounted conversion price providing an effectively fixed monetary amount that the preferred stock is convertible
into. The Company recorded a debt discount of 25,000 for the difference between the cash proceeds and the total amount to be redeemed
by the holder of 106,250. The Company amortized 2,425 of this discount through September 30, 2021. The dividends on the Series
G Preferred Stock are recorded as interest expense and totaled 1,164 through September 30, 2021. 

During the year ended September 30, 2022, the Company sold an aggregate
of 369,875 shares of Series G Preferred Stock for net cash proceeds of 310,000. The Company recorded a debt discount of 59,875 for the
difference between the cash proceeds and the total amount to be redeemed by the holder of 369,875. The Company amortized 54,664 of discount
related to Series G Preferred Stock for the year months ended September 30, 2022. The dividends on the Series G Preferred Stock are accrued
as interest. The Company recognized 15,852 of interest on the Series G Preferred Stock and had an accrued interest balance of 3,983
and 1,281 as of September 30, 2022 and September 30, 2021, respectively. During the year ended September 30, 2022, the holder of the
Series G converted 324,500 shares of Series G into 109,052,543 shares of common stock, and the Company recognized a loss of 5,939. 

As of September 30, 2022 and September 30,
2021, 138,875 and 93,500 shares of the Series G Preferred Stock were issued and outstanding, respectively. 

- 13 - 

Table of Contents 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 

Set forth below is information regarding
securities sold by during the quarter ended September 30, 2022 that were not registered under the Securities Act: 

Date of Sale 
 
 Title of Security 
 
 Number Sold 
 
 Consideration Received 
 and Description of 
 Underwriting or Other 
 Discounts to Market 
 Price or Convertible 
 Security, Afforded to 
 Purchasers 
 
 Exemption from 
 Registration 
 Claimed 
 
 If Option, Warrant 
 or Convertible 
 Security, terms of 
 exercise or 
 conversion 
 
 August 8, 2022 
 
 Common Stock 
 
 9,629,630 
 
 Conversion of 25,000 Shares of Series G Preferred Stock 
 
 Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act 
 
 Convertible at 75 of the average of the three lowest bid prices of the Company s common stock for the 15 trading days prior to the conversion date. 

August 19, 2022 
 
 Common Stock 
 
 12,899,300 
 
 Conversion of 128,993 Shares of Series F Preferred Stock 
 
 Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act 
 
 N/A 

August 23, 2022 
 
 Common Stock 
 
 8,139,130 
 
 Conversion of 18,000 Shares of Series G Preferred Stock 
 
 Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act 
 
 Convertible at 75 of the average of the three lowest bid prices of the Company s common stock for the 15 trading days prior to the conversion date. 

August 25, 2022 
 
 Common Stock 
 
 7,291,304 
 
 Conversion of 16,125 Shares of Series G Preferred Stock 
 
 Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act 
 
 Convertible at 75 of the average of the three lowest bid prices of the Company s common stock for the 15 trading days prior to the conversion date. 

September 30, 2022 
 
 Common Stock 
 
 24,457 
 
 Services rendered 
 
 Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act 
 
 N/A 

ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 

This item is not applicable to emerging growth companies. 

- 14 - 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION
AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

THIS FILING CONTAINS FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS.
THE WORDS ANTICIPATED, BELIEVE, EXPECT, PLAN, INTEND, SEEK, 
 ESTIMATE, PROJECT, WILL, COULD, MAY, AND SIMILAR EXPRESSIONS
ARE INTENDED TO IDENTIFY FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS. THESE STATEMENTS INCLUDE, AMONG OTHERS, INFORMATION REGARDING FUTURE OPERATIONS,
FUTURE CAPITAL EXPENDITURES, AND FUTURE NET CASH FLOW. SUCH STATEMENTS REFLECT THE COMPANY S CURRENT VIEWS WITH RESPECT TO
FUTURE EVENTS AND FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE AND INVOLVE RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, GENERAL ECONOMIC AND
BUSINESS CONDITIONS, CHANGES IN FOREIGN, POLITICAL, SOCIAL, AND ECONOMIC CONDITIONS, REGULATORY INITIATIVES AND COMPLIANCE WITH
GOVERNMENTAL REGULATIONS, THE ABILITY TO ACHIEVE FURTHER MARKET PENETRATION AND ADDITIONAL CUSTOMERS, AND VARIOUS OTHER MATTERS,
MANY OF WHICH ARE BEYOND THE COMPANY S CONTROL. SHOULD ONE OR MORE OF THESE RISKS OR UNCERTAINTIES OCCUR, OR SHOULD UNDERLYING
ASSUMPTIONS PROVE TO BE INCORRECT, ACTUAL RESULTS MAY VARY MATERIALLY AND ADVERSELY FROM THOSE ANTICIPATED, BELIEVED, ESTIMATED,
OR OTHERWISE INDICATED. CONSEQUENTLY, ALL OF THE FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS MADE IN THIS FILING ARE QUALIFIED BY THESE CAUTIONARY
STATEMENTS AND THERE CAN BE NO ASSURANCE OF THE ACTUAL RESULTS OR DEVELOPMENTS. 

The following discussion and analysis of
our financial condition and plan of operations should be read in conjunction with our financial statements and related notes appearing
elsewhere herein. This discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements including information about possible or assumed
results of our financial conditions, operations, plans, objectives, and performance that involve risk, uncertainties, and assumptions.
The actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in such forward-looking statements. For example, when we indicate
that we expect to increase our product sales and potentially establish additional license relationships, these are forward-looking
statements. The words expect, anticipate, estimate or similar expressions are also used to indicate forward-looking statements. 

Plan of Operations 

We believe we do not have adequate funds
to fully execute our business plan for the next twelve months unless we obtain additional funding. However, should we not raise
this capital, we will allocate our funding to first assure that all State, Federal and SEC requirements are met. 

Results of Operations 

Revenue 

For the years ended September 30, 2022 and 2021 the
Company had no revenue. 

Cost of Goods Sold 

Cost of goods sold was 0 during the year ended September
30, 2022, compared to 2,412 during the prior year. Cost of sales decreased primarily due to the write down of slow-moving and expired
inventory during the current year of 2,412 during the year ended September 30, 2021. 

Sales, General, and Administrative Expenses 

We incurred sales, general and administrative expenses of 1,265,065 during
the year ended September 30, 2022 compared to 9,091,817 during the year ended September 30, 2021, a decrease of 7,826,752 or approximately
86 . The decrease in general and administrative expense was related primarily to stock-based compensation of 8,130,997 during the year
ended September 30, 2021, compared to 509,192 during the year ended September 30, 2022. 

Loss on Settlement of Liabilities 

We recognized a loss on settlement of liabilities
in the amount of 146,460 during the year ended September 30, 2022 compared to 419,990 during the year ended September 30, 2021. The
loss in the prior period was related to the severance agreement with Alex Blankenship, our former CEO, resulting in a 419,900 loss. The
Company also recognized a loss of 5,939 on conversion of the preferred stock liability during the year ended September 30, 2022. 

- 15 - 

Table of Contents 

Interest Expense 

We recognized interest expense in the amount of 70,346 for the year ended
September 30, 2022, a decrease of 217,153 or approximately 65 compared to 287,499 for the year ended September 30, 2021. The decrease
was due primarily to the amortization of discount related to Series G Preferred stock liability during the current period in the amount
of 54,664 compared to 274,803 of amortization related to convertible notes payable during the comparable period of the prior year. 

Net Loss 

For the reasons above, our net loss for the year ended September 30, 2022
was 1,487,810 a decrease of 8,313,818 or approximately 86 compared to a net loss of 9,801,628 for the year ended September 30, 2021. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

At September 30, 2022, we had cash of 6,365 and a working capital deficit
in the amount of 1,194,560. During the year ended September 30, 2022, we had cash used in operating activities of 326,995, consisting
of our net loss of 1,487,810, partially offset by non-cash compensation of 509,192, loss on settlement of liabilities of 146,460, and
amortization of discount on notes payable of 54,664. Our cash position also increased by a net change in the components of working capital
in the amount of 725,821 during the period. We have an accumulated deficit at September 30, 2022 in the amount of 18,504,776. We generated
cash flows from financing activities in the amount of 28,900 from the related party advances and 310,000 from the sale of common stock,
which were offset by the repayment of related party advances of 16,500. 

We had no material commitments for capital expenditures
or inventory purchases as of September 30, 2022. However, should we execute our business plan as anticipated, we will incur substantial
capital expenditures and require financing in addition to what is required to fund our present operation. 

We intend to pursue capital through public or private
financing, as well as borrowing and other sources in order to finance our business activities. We cannot guarantee that additional funding
will be available on favorable terms, if at all. If adequate funds are not available, then our ability to continue our operations may
be significantly hindered. 

Additional Financing 

Additional financing is required to continue
operations. Although actively searching for available capital, the Company does not have any current arrangements for additional
outside sources of financing and cannot provide any assurance that such financing will be available. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements
that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition,
revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that is material to investors. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 

We prepare our financial statements in
conformity with GAAP, which requires management to make certain estimates and assumptions and apply judgments. We base our estimates
and judgments on historical experience, current trends, and other factors that management believes to be important at the time
the financial statements are prepared; actual results could differ from our estimates and such differences could be material. We
have identified below the critical accounting policies, which are assumptions made by management about matters that are highly
uncertain and that are of critical importance in the presentation of our financial position, results of operations and cash flows.
Due to the need to make estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain, materially different amounts could
be reported under different conditions or using different assumptions. On a regular basis, we review our critical accounting policies
and how they are applied in the preparation our financial statements. 

Use of estimates - The preparation of financial
statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make
estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results
could differ from those estimates. 

- 16 - 

Table of Contents 

Going concern - The accompanying financial statements have been prepared
assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. For the year ended September 30, 2022, the Company had a net loss of 1,487,810
and generated negative cash flow from operating activities in the amount of 326,995. In view of these matters, there is substantial doubt
regarding the Company s ability to continue as a going concern, which is dependent upon its ability to achieve a level of profitability
or to obtain additional capital to finance its operations. The Company intends on financing its future activities and its working capital
needs largely from the sale of public equity securities with some additional funding from other traditional financing sources, including
term notes until such time that funds provided by operations are sufficient to fund working capital requirements. The financial statements
of the Company do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of recorded assets, or the amounts and
classifications of liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 

New Accounting Pronouncements 

For a description of recent accounting
standards, including the expected dates of adoption and estimated effects, if any, on our financial statements, see Note
3: Significant Accounting Polices: Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K. 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE
DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

This item is not applicable to smaller
reporting companies. 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY
DATA 

GlobeStar Therapeutics Corporation 

Consolidated Financial Statements 

September 30, 2022 

Contents 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 18 
 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 20 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 21 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Deficit 
 22 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 23 
 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 24 

- 17 - 

Table of Contents 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of GlobeStar
Therapeutics Corporation 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance
sheet of GlobeStar Therapeutics Corporation (the Company) as of September 30, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of
operations, stockholders deficit, and cash flows for each of the years in the two- year period ended September 30, 2022, and the
related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly,
in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of September 30, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its consolidated
operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the two- year period ended September 30, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America. 

The Company's Ability to Continue as a Going Concern

The accompanying financial states have been prepared
assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 3 to the financial statements, the Company suffered a
net loss from operations and has a net capital deficiency, which raises substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern.
Management s plans regarding those matters are also described in Note 3. The financial statements do not include any adjustments
that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our
audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required
to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations
of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards
of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements
are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform,
an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal
control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal
control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audit included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures
that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the
consolidated financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audit provides
a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matter 

The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the
current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that:
(1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective,
or complex judgements. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements,
taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit
matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

Black Scholes Calculations 

As discussed in Note 6 to the Financial Statements,
the Company utilizes Black Scholes calculations to determine fair value of the Company s stock compensation. 

- 18 - 

Table of Contents 

Auditing management s calculations of fair value
of stock options involves significant judgements and estimates to determine the proper value. Volatility and term are the major
assumptions used by management in determining the value of the stock options. 

 To evaluate the appropriateness of fair value calculation,
we evaluated management s significant judgements and estimates in what inputs were utilized within the Black Scholes calculations. 

/s/ 

www.mkacpas.com 

 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2012. 

January 9, 2023 

- 19 - 

Table of Contents 

GLOBESTAR THERAPEUTICS CORPORATION 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

September 30, 

September 30, 

2022 

2021 

CURRENT ASSETS 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Prepaid expenses 

Total current assets 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Current Liabilities 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Accounts payable to related party 

Related party advances 

12,400 

Advances payable 

Current portion of convertible notes payable 

Series G Preferred Stock Liability, net of discount of and , respectively 

Accrued interest payable 

Total current liabilities 

TOTAL LIABILITIES 

COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES 

STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Common stock, par value, unlimited shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Preferred stock; shares authorized: 

Series A Preferred Stock, par value, and shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Series B Preferred Stock, par value, and shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Series C Preferred Stock, par value, and shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Series D Preferred Stock, par value; shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Series E Preferred Stock, par value; shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Series F Preferred Stock; par value; and shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Stock payable, consisting of and shares to be issued at September 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Accumulated deficit 

() 

() 

TOTAL STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

() 

() 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

The accompanying footnotes are an integral
part of these financial statements. 

- 20 - 

Table of Contents 

GLOBESTAR THERAPEUTICS CORPORATION 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

Twelve Months Ended 

September 30, 

2022 

2021 

REVENUE 

Cost of goods sold 

Gross profit (loss) 

() 

OPERATING EXPENSES 

General and administrative expenses 

Total operating expenses 

LOSS FROM OPERATIONS 

() 

() 

OTHER INCOME (EXPENSE) 

Loss on settlement of liabilities, related party 

() 

() 
 
 Loss on conversion of preferred stock liability 

() 

Interest expense 

() 

() 
 
 Total other expenses 

() 

() 

Net loss 

() 

() 

Net loss per share available to common shareholders 

() 

() 

Weighted average shares outstanding - basic and diluted 

The accompanying footnotes are an integral
part of these consolidated financial statements. 

- 21 - 

Table of Contents 

GLOBESTAR THERAPEUTICS CORPORATION 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS 
DEFICIT 

Original 

Series A 
 
 Series D 
 
 Series E 
 
 Series F 
 
 Additional 

Total 

Common stock 
 
 Preferred Stock 
 
 Preferred Stock 
 
 Preferred Stock 
 
 Preferred Stock 
 
 paid-in 
 
 Stock 
 
 Accumulated 
 
 Equity 

Shares 
 
 Par 
 
 Shares 
 
 Amount 
 
 Shares 
 
 Amount 
 
 Shares 
 
 Amount 
 
 Shares 
 
 Amount 
 
 capital 
 
 Payable 
 
 Deficit 
 
 (Deficit) 

Balance, September 30, 2020 

() 
 
 () 

Common stock issued for conversion of convertible note payable and accrued interest 

Stock-based compensation 

Stock-based compensation, related parties 

Sale of common stock units for cash proceeds 

Sale of common stock units for cash proceeds, related parties 

Issuance of common stock and retirement of accrued compensation with related party 

Beneficial conversion discount on convertible notes payable 

Settlement of accounts payable with related party 

Net loss for the year ended September 30, 2021 

() 
 
 () 
 
 Balance, September 30, 2021 

() 
 
 () 

Common stock issued for conversion of convertible note payable and accrued interest 

(257,984) 
 
 () 
 
 () 

Common stock subscribed for cash proceeds 

Common stock issued for stock payable 

() 

Common stock issued for settlement liability 

Stock-based compensation 

Stock-based compensation, related parties 

Conversion of Series G Preferred Stock to common stock 

Net loss for the year ended September 30, 2022 

() 
 
 () 
 
 Balance, September 30, 2022 

() 
 
 () 

The accompanying footnotes are an integral
part of these consolidated financial statements. 

- 22 - 

Table of Contents 

GLOBESTAR THERAPEUTICS CORPORATION 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

Twelve Months Ended 

September 30, 

2022 

2021 

CASH FLOW FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net loss 

() 

() 
 
 Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Stock compensation 

Stock compensation, related parties 

Depreciation 

Amortization of discount on convertible note payable 

Inventory impairment 

Loss on settlement of liabilities, related party 

Loss on conversion of preferred stock liability 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities 

Prepaid expenses 

() 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities to related party 

Accrued interest payable 

NET CASH USED IN OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

() 

() 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Proceeds from convertible notes payable 

Proceeds from sale of share-settled Series G preferred stock 

Proceeds from related party advances 

Repayment of related party advances 

() 

Proceeds from sale of common stock 

NET CASH PROVIDED BY FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

NET INCREASE (DECREASE) IN CASH 

() 

Cash at beginning of period 

Cash at end of period 

Cash paid during the period for: 

Interest 

Taxes 

Noncash investing and financing transactions: 

Conversion of convertible notes payable and accrued interest into common stock 

Conversion of Series F preferred stock 

Conversion of Series G preferred stock 

Common stock issued for stock payable 

Common stock issued for settlement of liabilities 

Beneficial conversion discount on convertible note payable 

Settlement of liabilities with related party 

The accompanying footnotes are an integral
part of these consolidated financial statements. 

- 23 - 

Table of Contents 

GLOBESTAR
THERAPEUTICS CORPORATION 

 NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER
30, 2022 

Level
 1 - 
 Unadjusted
 quoted prices in active markets that are accessible at the measurement date for identical, unrestricted assets or liabilities. 

Level
 2 - 
 Inputs
 other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly,
 including quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets; quoted prices for identical or similar assets
 or liabilities in markets that are not active; inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability
 (e.g., interest rates); and inputs that are derived principally from or corroborated by observable market data by correlation
 or other means. 

Level
 3 - 
 Inputs
 that are both significant to the fair value measurement and unobservable. 

Fair
value estimates discussed herein are based upon certain market assumptions and pertinent information available to management as
of September 30, 2022. The respective carrying value of certain on-balance-sheet financial instruments approximated their fair
values due to the short-term nature of these instruments. These financial instruments include accounts payable and accrued expenses. 

and for the years ended September 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

research and development costs during the years ended September 30, 2022 and 2021. 

and as of September 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively. There were cash
equivalents as of September 30, 2022 and 2021. 

during the year ended September 30, 2021. 

- 26 - 

Table of Contents 

and to officers of the Company for compensation which are recorded as accounts payable related party. Additionally, the Company received short term, unsecured, non-interest
bearing advances from the Company s CEO and CFO totaling and repaid . As of September 30, 2022, the Company owed
 on these related party advances. 

In February 2022, the Company entered into an amended
and restatement employment agreement with Jim Katzaroff, the CEO. Mr. Katzaroff is entitled to an annual salary of and a bonus
as determined by the Board of Directors. Mr. Katzaroff may elect to receive payment in shares of stock based on the average of the three
lowest trading prices for the 15 days prior to election of payment in stock. Further, in the event of a change of control of the Company,
Mr. Katzaroff is entitled to a payment equal to 2.99 multiplied by the larger of the total compensation paid to Mr. Katzaroff over the
prior 12-month period or the average compensation paid or payable to the Consultant over the prior three years. 

The Company awarded Mr. Katzaroff a total of 
common stock options with an exercise price of 
per share, an exercise term of five 
years. 

Mr. Katzroff will also receive an activity fee of
3 of gross revenues related to activities including securing a variety of vendor, sales or advertising relationships, or any new revenue
generating activity. If such activity is a cost saving initiative instead of revenue generating, Mr. Katzaroff will receive 10 of the
cost savings. As of September 30, 2022, no amounts have been earned or paid. 

For the year ended September 30, 2021 

In January 2021, the Company s former Chief
Executive Officer Sydney Jim agreed to forgive all accrued but unpaid compensation of , resulting in a gain on settlement of liabilities
to the Company that was recorded to additional paid in capital. 

In March 2021, the Company entered into severance
agreement with its former CEO Alex Blankenship. The Company owed Ms. Blankenship unpaid compensation of and agreed to issue 
shares of common stock in full settlement of this amount and release from the employment agreement with her. The shares had a fair value
of based on the stock price at the date of the agreement. The Company recognized a loss on settlement of in connection
with this agreement. The Company also issued an additional shares to Ms. Blankenship with a fair value of in connection
with this agreement, which were included in the loss on settlement total of for the year ended September 30, 2021. Concurrently
with the severance agreement, the Company agreed to purchase the shares Series E Preferred Stock held by Ms. Blankenship for
 in cash. The Company reissued those Series E preferred Shares to the Company s new CEO James Katzaroff. The Company recognized
stock-based compensation of related to this reissuance. 

During the year ended September 30, 2021, the Company
issued shares of common stock to its CFO Robert Chicoski, with a fair value of as a finders fee related to the Company s
license agreement. 

As of September 30, 2021, the Company owed to
officers of the Company for compensation. 

- 27 - 

Table of Contents 

in the original principal amount of , no stated maturity date, bearing interest at per year, convertible into common stock at a rate of per share. 

Total current convertible notes payable, net of discount 

All principal along with accrued interest is payable
on the maturity date. 

During the year ended September 30, 2021, the Company
recognized of deferred finance costs from its new convertible note payable and of new discount related to the beneficial
conversion features of convertible notes payable. During the year ended September 30, 2021, the Company recognized interest expense on
convertible notes of and amortization of discount on convertible notes payable of , respectively. 

As of September 30, 2022 and September 30, 2021, accrued
interest on convertible notes payable was and , respectively. 

Conversions
to Common Stock 

During
the year ended September 30, 2021, the holders of the convertible notes payable elected to convert principal of and accrued
interest of into shares of common stock. There was no gain or loss recognized as the conversion occurred in
accordance with the original terms of the agreement. 

Advances 

As of September 30, 2022 and 2021, the Company had non-interest bearing
advances payable to third parties of . These advances are payable on demand. 

- 28 - 

Table of Contents 

shares of Series A Preferred Stock. The Series A Preferred Stock has a liquidation value
of per share. The initial number issued is with additional shares to be issued as a dividend not to exceed a total of
 shares. The rank of the Series A is prior to all common and preferred shares. In addition, the Series A Preferred Stock retains
protective provisions to maintain their seniority with respect to liquidation or dissolution. The Series A Preferred Stock holds no voting
rights and earns an per annum dividend, payable in additional shares of Series A Preferred Stock. At September 30, 2022 and 2021, there
were shares of our Series A Preferred Stock outstanding, respectively. 

Series B Preferred Stock Our
board of directors has designated up to shares of Series B Preferred Stock. The Series B Preferred Stock has a liquidation value
of per share. The holders of the Series B Preferred Stock are entitled to dividends of per year payable quarterly in cash or
in shares of common stock at the option of the Company. The holders of the Series B Preferred Stock have no voting rights. The Series
B Preferred Stock is redeemable at the option of the Company at a price of 1.00 per share. At September 30, 2022 and 2021, there were shares
of our Series B Preferred Stock outstanding. 

Series C Preferred Stock On
September 12, 2017, our board of directors designated up to shares of Series C Preferred Stock with a liquidation value of 
per share. The holders of the Series C Preferred Stock have no voting rights. The Series C Preferred Stock is convertible at the option
of the holder into shares of common stock at a rate of one share of common stock for each share of Series C Preferred Stock. The Series
C Preferred Stock is redeemable at the option of the Company at a price of per share. The Series C Preferred Stock has been canceled,
and there are no shares of Series C Preferred Stock outstanding as of September 30, 2022 and 2021. 

Series D Preferred Stock On
September 21, 2017, our board of directors designated up to shares of Series D Preferred Stock with a liquidation value of 
per share. The holders of the Series D Preferred Stock have no voting rights. The Series D Preferred Stock is not redeemable. At September 30, 2022 and 2021, there were shares
of Series D Preferred Stock outstanding. 

Series E Preferred Stock On
August 3, 2015, our board of directors designated shares of Series E Preferred stock. The Series E Preferred stock is subordinate
to our common stock. It does not receive dividends and does not participate in equity distributions. 

At September 30, 2022 and 2021, there were 
shares of Series E Preferred stock outstanding. Dividends, when, as and if declared by the Board of Directors, shall be paid out of funds
at the time legally available for such purposes. 

Series F Preferred Stock On
September 21, 2017, our board of directors designated up to shares of Series F Preferred Stock with a liquidation value of 
per share. The holders of the Series F Preferred Stock have no voting rights. The Series F Preferred Stock is not redeemable.
At September 30, 2021, shares of the Series F Preferred Stock were issued and outstanding. During the year ended September 30, 2022, shares
of Series F Preferred Stock was converted into shares of common stock. At September 30, 2022, shares of the Series
F Preferred Stock were issued and outstanding. 

Conversions to Common Stock of Convertible Notes
Payable 

During the year ended September 30, 2021, the holders
of the convertible notes payable elected to convert principal and accrued interest of into shares of common stock.
There was no gain or loss recognized as the conversion occurred in accordance with the original terms of the agreement. 

Common stock issued for services 

In March 2021, the Company entered into severance
agreement with its former CEO Alex Blankenship. The Company owed Ms. Blankenship unpaid compensation of 130,000 and agreed to issue 8,600,000
shares of common stock in full settlement of this amount and release from the employment agreement with her. The shares had a fair value
of 447,200 based on the stock price at the date of the agreement. The Company recognized a loss on settlement of 317,200 in connection
with this agreement. The Company also issued an additional 2,600,000 shares to Ms. Blankenship with a fair value of 102,700 in connection
with this agreement, which were included in the loss on settlement total of 419,900 for the year ended September 30, 2021. Concurrently
with the severance agreement, the Company agreed to purchase the 1,000,000 shares Series E Preferred Stock held by Ms. Blankenship for
 325,000 in cash. The Company reissued those Series E preferred Shares to the Company s new CEO James Katzaroff. The Company recognized
stock-based compensation of 325,000 related to this reissuance. 

During the year ended September 30, 2021, the Company
issued a total of shares to three individuals for services rendered, including 5,000,000 to the Company s CFO. The shares
had a total fair value of based on the stock price at the date the shares were earned, which was recognized as stock-based compensation. 

Common stock issued for settlement of liabilities 

During the year ended September 30, 2022, the Company
issued shares of common stock and warrants for the settlement of liabilities totaling . The Company recorded
a loss on settlement of liabilities related to this transaction 

Common stock issued for stock payable 

In December 2021, the Company issue shares of common stock as
part of the common stock unit sales that occurred during the year ended September 30, 2021. As of September 30, 2022, no shares are remaining
to be issued for these unit sales. 

In September 2022, the Company received of
cash as a subscription for 1,515,152 shares of common stock and an equal number of warrants to purchase common stock at an exercise price
of 0.01 for one year. The common shares were not yet issued as of September 30, 2022. 

Common Stock Units 

During the year ended September 30, 2021 the Company
sold common stock units to investors. Each unit consist of shares of common stock and warrants to purchase common stock
for three years at an exercise price of per share. The Company received cash proceeds of related to the issuance of 19,980,000
shares of common stock and warrants. No shares of common stock were issued as of September 30, 2021. The shares were issued
in December 2021. The warrants had a relative fair value of based on a Black-Scholes pricing model with estimated volatility
ranging from to , dividend yield of , expected term of three years and a risk free rate ranging from to . As
of September 30, 2021, the warrants had no intrinsic value, and a weighted average remaining life of 2.4 years. 

Common Stock Warrants 

of expense related to these warrants during the year ended September
30, 2022. The Company estimated the fair value of the warrants based on a Black-Scholes pricing model using the following assumptions: 1) volatility of 254.43 ; 2) risk free rate of 1.76 ; 3) dividend yield of 0 and 4) expected term of 5 years. The following table summarizes the stock warrant activity for the years ended September 30, 2022 and 2021: 

Warrants 

Weighted-Average 
Exercise Price 
Per Share 

Outstanding, September 30, 2020 

Granted 

Exercised 

Forfeited 

Expired 

Outstanding, September 30, 2021 

Granted 

Exercised 

Forfeited 

Expired 

Outstanding, September 30, 2022 

As of September 30, 2022, the outstanding warrants
had an expected remaining life of 2.99 years and have no intrinsic value. 

Common Stock Options 

As discussed in Note 4, The Company awarded common
stock options to Mr. Katzaroff in connection with his amended and restated employment agreement. The Company estimated the fair value
of the options to be 284,840, using the following assumptions: 1) volatility of ; 2) risk free rate of ; 3) dividend yield
of and 4) expected term of 3.38 years. The Company recognized of expense related to the fair value of options vesting during
the year ended September 30, 2022. The Company expects to recognize an additional of expense related to these options assuming
all vest. 

During the year ended September 30, 2021, the Board
of Directors approved grants of 70,000,000 options to officers and medical advisory board members. The stock options have an exercise
price of 0.03 per share and are exercisable through the latter of two years from the effective date or two years after certain liquidity
events. The total fair value of these option grants at issuance was 4,209,179. All options vested immediately. 

Exercised 

Forfeited 

Expired 

Outstanding, September 30, 2021 

Granted 

Exercised 

Forfeited 

Expired 

Outstanding, September 30, 2022 

As of September 30, 2022, the aggregate intrinsic
value of options vested and outstanding were . As of September 30, 2022, all outstanding options had an expected remaining life of 1.86 
years. 

Beneficial Conversion Feature 

During the year
ended September 30, 2021, the Company charged to additional paid-in capital the aggregate amount of , in connection with the beneficial
conversion feature of notes payable. 

shares of Series G Preferred Stock with a liquidation value of per share.
The holders of the Series G Preferred Stock have no voting rights except on matters related specifically to the Series G Preferred Stock.
 The Series G Preferred Stock and accrued dividends are convertible
beginning 180 days from issuance at the option of the holder into shares of common stock at a rate of a conversion price of 75 of the
average three lowest trading prices during the 15 days prior to conversion. The Company will be required to redeem the Series G Preferred
Stock upon the earlier of 15 months from issuance date or upon on event of default as defined in the agreement. The Company sold 
shares for net cash proceeds of of cash proceeds. 

Based on the economic characteristics of the Series
G Preferred Stock, the Company determined that the Series G should be accounted for as a liability under ASC 480-10, based on the discounted
conversion price providing an effectively fixed monetary amount that the preferred stock is convertible into. The Company recorded a debt
discount of for the difference between the cash proceeds and the total amount to be redeemed by the holder of . The Company
amortized of this discount through September 30, 2021. The dividends on the Series G Preferred Stock are recorded as interest expense
and totaled through September 30, 2021. 

During the year ended September 30, 2022, the Company
sold an aggregate of shares of Series G Preferred Stock for net cash proceeds of . The Company recorded a debt discount
of for the difference between the cash proceeds and the total amount to be redeemed by the holder of . The Company amortized
 of discount related to Series G Preferred Stock for the year months ended September 30, 2022. The dividends on the Series G Preferred Stock are accrued as interest.
The Company recognized 15,852 of interest on the Series G Preferred Stock and had an accrued interest balance of and as
of September 30, 2022 and September 30, 2021, respectively. During the year ended September 30, 2022, the holder of the Series G converted
 shares of Series G and of dividends into shares of common stock, and the Company recognized a loss of . 

As of September 30, 2022 and September 30, 2021, 
and shares of the Series G Preferred Stock were issued and outstanding, respectively.
The balance of the Series G Preferred stock liability was 126,294 and 86,130, respectively, net of unamortized discount of and
 , respectively. 

shares of common stock for cash. The purchase and issuance
of the shares was to be completed by June 30, 2022 but has not yet occurred. 

. 

The Consultant may also receive a bonus in each calendar
year of the agreement equal to the larger of any bonus awarded by the Board of Directors to the Consultant or 50 of the largest bonus
payable by the Company to anyone other than the Consultant. If the agreement is terminated with one year of a change of control of the
Company, the Consultant will be entitled to receive a payment equal to 2.99 times the larger of the total compensation paid to the Consultant
over the prior 12 month period or the average compensation paid or payable to the Consultant over the prior three years. 

The Consultant also received warrants with
an exercise price of per share, and an exercise period of 5 years. The Company estimated the fair value of the warrants to be 
 which was recognized as general and administrative expense during the nine months ended June 30, 2022, using the following assumptions:
1) volatility of ; 2) risk free rate of ; 3) dividend yield of and 4) expected term of 5 years. The Consultant is also entitled
to additional warrants in the event of the Company issuing equity or equity equivalents in the future, with the Consultant receiving an
equal amount of warrants as those instruments that are issued. . 

Litigation 

From time to time, the Company may
be subject to routine litigation, claims, or disputes in the ordinary course of business. In the opinion of management, no pending or
known threatened claims, actions or proceedings against the Company are expected to have a material adverse effect on the Company s
financial position, results of operations or cash flows. The Company cannot predict with certainty, however, the outcome or effect of
any of the litigation or investigatory matters specifically described above or any other pending litigation or claims. There can be no
assurance as to the ultimate outcome of any lawsuits and investigations. 

issued to Fabrizio de Silvestri, Terni, Italy, as inventor, April
7, 2020 for treatment of Multiple Sclerosis. In consideration for the license agreement, SomaCeuticals agreed to pay 7 to Stand
a royalty of of the net sales of any product developed under the patent on a worldwide basis. Additionally, the Company will
issue shares of common stock to 7 to Stand upon completion of the following milestones: 

The Company paid in royalties during the year
ended September 30, 2022 and owes of royalties and late fees under this agreement as of September 30, 2022. 

During the year ended September 30, 2021, the Company
recognized share-based compensation expense of related to the shares issued pursuant to the first two milestones
described above, based on the closing price of the Company s common stock on the date the milestone was met. 

The Company is currently in default of this agreement. 

- 34 - 

Table of Contents 

which expire beginning in 2033. The deferred tax asset related to the net operating loss carryforwards has been fully reserved. 

Valuation allowance 

() 
 
 () 
 
 Deferred tax benefit, net 

The Company has not recognized an income tax benefit
for the period based on uncertainties concerning its ability to generate taxable income in future periods. The tax benefit for the current
period presented is offset by a valuation allowance (100 established against deferred tax assets arising from operating losses and other
temporary differences, the realization of which could not be considered more likely than not. In future periods, tax benefits and related
deferred tax assets will be recognized when management considers realization of such amounts to be more likely than not. 

The tax returns for fiscal year 2017 and forward are still open for review
by the Internal Revenue Service. 

shares and dividends of into shares of common stock. 

On October 13, 2022, the holders of the Series G Preferred
Stock converted a total of shares and dividends of into shares of common stock. 

On October 18, 2022, the holders of the Series G Preferred
Stock converted a total of shares and dividends of into shares of common stock. 

On November 10, 2022, the holders of the Series G
Preferred Stock converted a total of shares and dividends of into shares of common stock. 

On November 14, 2022, the holders of the Series G Preferred Stock converted
a total of shares and dividends of into shares of common stock. 

- 35 - 

Table of Contents 

ITEM
9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

Changes
in Accountants 

None. 

Disagreements
with Accountants 

None. 

ITEM
9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Our
management evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30, 2022 (the Evaluation
Date ). The term disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under
the Exchange Act, means controls and other procedures of a company that are designed to ensure that information required to be
disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported,
within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation,
controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files
or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the company s management, including its principal executive
and principal financial officers, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Management recognizes
that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving
their objectives and management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls
and procedures. Based on the evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30, 2022, our management concluded
that, as of such date, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective at the reasonable assurance level. 

Limitations
on Systems of Controls 

Our
management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, does not expect that our disclosure controls
and procedures or our internal controls will prevent all error or fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated,
can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of
a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints and the benefits of controls must be considered relative
to their costs. Due to the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance
that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, have been detected. To address the material weaknesses identified in our
evaluation, we performed additional analysis and other post-closing procedures in an effort to ensure our consolidated financial
statements included in this annual report have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Accordingly,
management believes that the financial statements included in this report fairly present in all material respects our financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows for the periods presented. 

Management s
Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Management s
Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Management
is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Rules 13a-15(f)
and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act. Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP. Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of
any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes
in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Management
has conducted an assessment, including testing of the effectiveness, of our internal control over financial reporting as of Evaluation
Date. Management s assessment of internal control over financial reporting was conducted using the criteria set forth by
the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013
Framework). 

- 36 - 

Table of Contents 

Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of
any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes
in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. All internal control systems,
no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only
reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. Because of the inherent limitations of
internal control, there is a risk that material misstatements may not be prevented or detected on a timely basis by internal control
over financial reporting. However, these inherent limitations are known features of the financial reporting process. Therefore,
it is possible to design into the process safeguards to reduce, though not eliminate, this risk. 

As
of September 30, 2022, management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the criteria
for effective internal control over financial reporting established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee
of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO and SEC guidance on conducting such assessments. Based
on that evaluation, they concluded that, during the period covered by this report, such internal controls and procedures were
not effective to detect the inappropriate application of US GAAP rules as more fully described below. This was due to deficiencies
that existed in the design or operation of our internal controls over financial reporting that adversely affected our internal
controls and that may be considered to be material weaknesses. 

The
matters involving internal controls and procedures that our management considered to be material weaknesses under the standards
of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board were: inadequate segregation of duties consistent with control objectives; and,
management is dominated by a single individual. The aforementioned material weaknesses were identified by our Chief Executive
Officer in connection with the review of our financial statements as of September 30, 2022. 

The
Company recognizes the following weaknesses and deficiencies of the Company as of September 30, 2022: 

We
recognized the following deficiencies that we believe to be material weaknesses: 

-
The Company has not fully designed, implemented or assessed internal controls over financial reporting. Due to the Company being
a development stage company, management s assessment and conclusion over internal controls were ineffective this year. 

We
recognized the following deficiencies that we believe to be significant deficiencies: 

-
The Company has no formal control process related to the identification and approval of related party transactions. 

-
No formal written policy for the approval, identification and authorization of related party transactions currently exists. 

Management
believes that the material weaknesses set forth above did not have an effect on our financial results. However, management believes
that the lack of a functioning audit committee and the lack of a majority of outside directors on our board of directors results
in ineffective oversight in the establishment and monitoring of required internal controls and procedures, which could result
in a material misstatement in our financial statements in future periods. 

ITEM
9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None 

- 37 - 

Table of Contents 

PART
III 

ITEM
10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Our
officer and directors will serve until successors are elected and qualified. Our officers are elected by the board of directors
to a term of one (1) year and serve until their successors are duly elected and qualified, or until they are removed from office.
The board of directors has an auditing committee but no nominating or compensation committees. 

The
name, address, age and position of our president, secretary/treasurer, and director and vice president is set forth below: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 James
C. Katzaroff 
 719
Jadwin Avenue, Richland, WA, 99352 
 
 65 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer, President, Secretary, 
 Principal Executive Officer, and Chairman of the Board 

Robert
 Chicoski, CPA 
 
 80 
 
 Chief
 Financial officer, Treasurer, Principal Financial Officer 

William
 Farley 
 
 67 
 
 Director 

Steven
 Penderghast 

Director 

James
C. Katzaroff. From 2007 through 2016 was Chief Executive Officer and controlling shareholder is the founder of Advanced Medical
Isotope Corp. (now Vivos, Inc) a late stage radiation oncology focused medical device company engaged in the development of yttrium-90
based brachytherapy devices for the treatment of unresectable tumors. Effective May 2020, Mr. Katzaroff became the Chief Executive
officer and controlling shareholder of Poverty Dignified, Inc. (OTC PVDG). 

Robert
Chicoski. From 1973 to 2021 was a practicing Certified Public Accountant, beginning with KPMG and continuing as a contract
Controller and Interim CFO of client companies. He was CFO and co-founder of Oceanside Energy in Worcester, MA a pioneer in an
on-line reverse-auction trading platform for the purchase of substantial amounts of electricity and natural gas. In the early
2000 s Oceanside Energy enjoyed its IPO as World Energy Solutions (OTC XWES). 

William
Farley has over 35 years experience in the Business Development, Sales and leading efforts in drug discovery, development
and partnering. Mr. Farley holds a senior leadership position at Sorrento Therapeutics. He began his career at Johnson and Johnson
and has held positions at Pfizer and HitGen Ltd., at WuXi Apptec creating, building and leading global BD teams, VP of BD at ChemDiv
where he leads numerous efforts to create new therapeutic companies in CNS, Oncology and Anti infectives. Mr. Farley serves on the BOD
of GlobeStar and Xortex. Bill serves as a consultant to various executive management teams as well as advising several BODs on
commercialization of assets. Mr. Farley has spoken at numerous conferences and is published in variety of journals, received his Bachelor
of Science degree in Chemistry from State University of New York , Oswego and has taken graduate courses at Rutgers and UC Irvine. 

Steven
Penderghast Medical device technology professional with over 25 years experience in Corporate National Accounts, Sales
 Management, Product Management, Marketing Management, Clinical Research and Regulatory Affairs. Since 2013, as Corporate
Vice President, National Accounts as well as Corporate Regional Vice President/SCG for BD/CR Bard Inc., Corporate Customer Group,
Franklin Lakes, New Jersey, has responsibility for Strategic account corporate relationships IDN and regional purchasing groups
in Western USA; Strategic oversight of national and regional GPO business contracting and product segment agreements; Corporate
guidance over product segment commercialization and technology introductions. 

Family
Relationships 

There
are no family relationships among our directors, executive officers or persons nominated to become executive officers or directors. 

Involvement
in Certain Legal Proceedings 

During
the past ten (10) years, none of our directors, persons nominated to become directors, executive officers, promoters or control
persons was involved in any of the legal proceedings listen in Item 401 (f) of Regulation S-K. 

- 38 - 

Table of Contents 

Arrangements 

There
are no arrangements or understandings between an executive officer, director or nominee and any other person pursuant to which
he was or is to be selected as an executive officer or director. 

Committees
of the Board of Directors 

There
are no members of the established Audit Committee. 

We
do not have a policy regarding the consideration of any director candidates that may be recommended by our stockholders, including
the minimum qualifications for director candidates, nor have our directors established a process for identifying and evaluating
director nominees. We have not adopted a policy regarding the handling of any potential recommendation of director candidates
by our stockholders, including the procedures to be followed. Our directors have not considered or adopted any of these policies,
as we have never received a recommendation from any stockholder for any candidate to serve on our Board of Directors. Given our
relative size and lack of directors and officers insurance coverage, we do not anticipate that any of our stockholders will make
such a recommendation in the near future. 

While
there have been no nominations of additional directors proposed, in the event such a proposal is made, all current members of
our Board will participate in the consideration of director nominees. 

Our
directors are not auditZ:\XBRL JOB\2023\2023\Q1\01 January\Edgarbiz\iXBRL__GlobeStar Therapeutics Corporation_09_30_2022_10K\Out Bound\V2\ixbrl committee financial experts within the meaning of Item 401(e) of Regulation S-K. In general,
an audit committee financial expert is an individual member of the audit committee or Board of Directors who: 

understands
 generally accepted accounting principles and financial statements, 

is
 able to assess the general application of such principles in connection with accounting for estimates, accruals and reserves, 

has
 experience preparing, auditing, analyzing or evaluating financial statements comparable to the breadth and complexity to our
 financial statements, 

understands
 internal controls over financial reporting, and 

understands
 audit committee functions 

Our
Board of Directors is comprised of Ms. Blankenship who is involved in our day-to-day operations. On February 23, 2018, the Company
was notified that Robert W. Fryer tendered his resignation as an independent director. We would prefer to have an audit committee
financial expert on our board of directors. As with most small, early-stage companies until such time our company further develops
its business, achieves a stronger revenue base and has sufficient working capital to purchase directors and officers insurance,
the Company does not have any immediate prospects to attract independent directors. When the Company is able to expand our Board
of Directors to include one or more independent directors, the Company intends to establish an Audit Committee of our Board of
Directors. It is our intention that one or more of these independent directors will also qualify as an audit committee financial
expert. Our securities are not quoted on an exchange that has requirements that a majority of our Board members be independent
and the Company is not currently otherwise subject to any law, rule or regulation requiring that all or any portion of our Board
of Directors include independent directors, nor are we required to establish or maintain an Audit Committee or other
committee of our Board of Directors. 

WE
DO NOT HAVE ANY INDEPENDENT DIRECTORS AND THE COMPANY HAS NOT VOLUNTARILY IMPLEMENTED VARIOUS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE MEASURES, IN
THE ABSENCE OF WHICH, STOCKHOLDERS MAY HAVE MORE LIMITED PROTECTIONS AGAINST INTERESTED DIRECTOR TRANSACTIONS, CONFLICTS OF INTEREST,
AND SIMILAR MATTERS. 

Code
of Business Conduct and Ethics 

We
have adopted a code of ethics meeting the requirements of Section 406 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. We believe our code of
ethics is reasonably designed to deter wrongdoing and promote honest and ethical conduct; provide full, fair, accurate, timely,
and understandable disclosure in public reports; comply with applicable laws; ensure prompt internal reporting of violations;
and provide accountability for adherence to the provisions of the code of ethic. 

- 39 - 

Table of Contents 

ITEM
11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

Prior to her separation from the Company in March
2021, Ms. Blankenship was paid 5,000 per month for her services to the company. The Company s CEO is paid 15,000 per month, and
the Company s CFO is paid 7,000 per month. No amounts were paid in cash during the years ended September 30, 2021 and 2022. 

The table below summarizes all compensation awards
paid or accrued to our named executive officer for all service rendered in all capacities to us for the fiscal periods ended September
30, 2021 and 2022. 

SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE 

Name and Principal Position 
 
 Fiscal 
 Year 
 
 Salary 
 ) 

Bonus 
 ) 
 
 Stock 
 Awards 
 ) 

Option 
 Awards 
 ) 
 
 Non-Equity 
 Incentive Plan 
 Compensation 
 ) 
 
 Nonqualified 
 Deferred 
 Compensation 
 ) 
 
 All Other 
 Compensation 
 ) 
 
 Total ) 

James C. Katzaroff 
 
 2022 

177,933 
 (a) 

(b) 

284,840 

462,773 

2021 

105,000 
 (a) 

(b) 

1,864,391 

1,969,391 

Robert R. Chicoski 
 
 2022 

84,000 

84,000 

2021 

31,500 

(b) 

310,732 

417,232 

Alex Blankenship 
 
 2022 

(a) 

CEO 
 
 2021 

30,000 
 (a) 

102,700 
 (b) 

132,700 

(a) 
 Includes amount accrued during the year; 

(b) 
 Includes 35,000,000 options issued to Mr. Katzaroff pursuant to amended employment agreement. Includes 5,000,000 shares issued Robert Chicoski as a finder s fee related to the Company s license agreement. Includes 5,000,000 shares of common stock with a fair value of 12,000 awarded to Ms. Blankenship on August 14, 2020. Ms. Blankenship paid 500 in cash to the Company for these shares. For 2021, includes 2,600,000 shares issued with a fair value of 102,700 as additional compensation upon separation. 

OUTSTANDING EQUITY AWARDS AT SEPTEMBER 30, 2022 

Option Awards 
 
 Stock Awards 

Name 
 
 Number of 
 Securities 
 Underlying 
 Unexercised 
 Options (#) 
 Exercisable 
 
 Number of 
 Securities 
 Underlying 
 Unexercised 
 Options (#) 
 Unexercisable 
 
 Equity 
 Incentive 
 Plan 
 Awards: 
 Number of 
 Securities 
 Underlying 
 Unexercised 
 Unearned 
 Options (#) 
 
 Option 
 Exercise 
 Price ) 
 
 Option 
 Expiration 
 Date 
 
 Number of 
 Shares of 
 Stock That 
 Have Not 
 Vested (#) 
 
 Market 
 Value of 
 Shares of 
 Stock That 
 Have Not 
 Vested ) 
 
 Equity 
 Incentive 
 Plan Awards: 
 Number of 
 Unearned 
 Shares or 
 Other Rights 
 That Have 
 Not Vested 
 (#) 
 
 Equity 
 Incentive Plan 
 Awards: 
 market or 
 Payout Value 
 of Unearned 
 Shares or 
 Other Rights 
 That Have 
 Not Vested 
 ) 

James C. Katzaroff 

30,000,000 

0.03 

May 12, 2023 

James C. Katzaroff 

35,000,000 

0.009 

February 7, 2027 

Robert Chicoski 

5,000,000 

0.03 

May 12, 2023 

- 40 - 

Table of Contents 

Employment
Agreements Retirement Benefits 

None
of our executive officers is subject to employment agreements, but we may enter into such agreements with them in the future.
We have no plans providing for the payment of any retirement benefits. 

Director
Compensation 

Directors
receive no compensation for serving on the Board. We have no non-employee directors. 

Our
Board of Directors is comprised of James C. Katzaroff who also serves as the CEO of the Company, William Farley and Steven Penderghast.
None of our directors has or had a compensation arrangement with the Company for director services, nor have any of them been
compensated for director services since the Company s inception. 

We
reimburse our directors for all reasonable ordinary and necessary business related expenses, but we did not pay director s
fees or other cash compensation for services rendered as a director in the period ended September 30, 2021 to any of the
individuals serving on our Board during that period. We have no standard arrangement pursuant to which our directors are compensated
for their services in their capacity as directors. We may pay fees for services rendered as a director when and if additional
directors are appointed to the Board of Directors. 

Director
Independence 

We
currently have two independent directors and we do not anticipate appointing additional directors in the foreseeable future. 

ITEM
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

We
do not currently have a stock option plan in favor of any director, officer, consultant, or employee of our company. No individual
grants of stock options, whether or not in tandem with stock appreciation rights known as SARs or freestanding SARs have been
made to our directors and officer since our inception; accordingly, no stock options have been granted or exercised by our directors
and officer since we were founded. 

The following table sets forth certain information as of January 3, 2023,
with respect to the beneficial ownership of our common stock by each beneficial owner of more than 5 of the outstanding shares of common
stock of the Company, each director, each executive officer named in the Summary Compensation Table and all executive officers
and directors of the Company as a group, and sets forth the number of shares of common stock owned by each such person and group. Unless
otherwise indicated, the owners have sole voting and investment power with respect to their respective shares. 

Name of Beneficial Owner 
 
 Number of Shares 
 Beneficially Owned 

Percentage of 
 Outstanding 
 Common Stock 
 Owned 

Robert Chicoski 

9,000,000 

1.2 

James C. Katzaroff 

10,000,000 
 
 (1) 

1.3 

2021 Pharma Associates LLC (7 to Stand) 

58,260,334 

7.6 

All directors and executive officers as a group (1) person. 

19,000,000 

2.5 

(1)
Does not include shares of common stock underlying 1,000,000 shares of the Company s Series E Preferred Stock owned by Mr.
Katzaroff. The Series E Preferred Stock carries two votes for each outstanding share of the Company s common stock and, as a
result, has 2/3 voting control over any shareholder votes. 

- 41 - 

Table of Contents 

ITEM
13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

None. 

ITEM
14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 

The
following table summarize the fees billed to the Company by its independent accountants, M K CPAs PLLC, for the years ended
September 30, 2022 and 2021: 

2022 
 
 2021 

Audit
 Fees 

23,500 

18,500 

Audit
 Related Fees (1) 

Tax
 Fees (2) 

All
 Other Fees (3) 

Total
 Fees 

23,500 

18,500 

Notes
to the Accountants Fees Table: 

(1) 
 Consists
 of fees for assurance and related services by our principal accountants that are reasonably related to the performance of
 the audit or review of the Company s financial statements and are not reported under Audit Fees. 

(2) 
 Consists
 of fees for professional services rendered by our principal accountants for tax related services. 

(3) 
 Consists
 of fees for products and services provided by our principal accountants, other than the services reported under Audit
 Fees, Audit-Related Fees and Tax Fees above. 

As
part of its responsibility for oversight of the independent registered public accountants, the Board has established a pre-approval
policy for engaging audit and permitted non-audit services provided by our independent registered public accountants. In accordance
with this policy, each type of audit, audit-related, tax and other permitted service to be provided by the independent auditors
is specifically described and each such service, together with a fee level or budgeted amount for such service, is pre-approved
by the Board. All of the services provided by M K CPAs PLLC described above were approved by our Board. 

The
Company s principal accountant did not engage any other persons or firms other than the principal account 

 ant s full-time,
permanent employees. 

- 42 - 

Table of Contents 

PART
IV 

ITEM
15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

3.1 
 Articles of Incorporation (1) 
 
 3.2 
 Bylaws (2) 
 
 14.1 
 Code of Ethics (3) 
 
 21 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant (4) 
 
 31.1 
 Rule 13(a)-14(a)/15(d)-14(a) Certification of principal executive officer (4) 
 
 31.2 
 Rule 13(a)-14(a)/15(d)-14(a) Certification of principal financial officer (4) 
 
 32.1 
 Section 1350 Certification of principal executive officer (4) 
 
 32.2 
 Section 1350 Certification of principal financial officer (4) 
 
 101.INS 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. (5) 
 
 101.SCH 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document (5) 
 
 101.CAL 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document (5) 
 
 101.DEF 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document (5) 
 
 101.LAB 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document (5) 
 
 101.PRE 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document (5) 
 
 104 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) (5) 

(1) 
 Incorporated
 by reference to our Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed on April 8, 2015. 
 
 (2) 
 Incorporated
 by reference to our Form 10-K/A Amendment No. 1 for the year ended September 30, 2015 filed on January 22, 2016. 
 
 (3) 
 Incorporated
 by reference to our Form S-1 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 3, 2010. 
 
 (4) 
 Filed
 or furnished herewith. 
 
 (5) 
 In
 accordance with Regulation S-T, the Interactive Data Files in Exhibit 101 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K shall be deemed
 furnished and not filed. 

- 43 - 

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf
by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

GlobeStar
 Therapeutics Corporation 

Date:
 January 9, 2022 
 BY:
 /s/ James C. Katzaroff 

James
 C. Katzaroff 

Chief
 Executive Officer, President, Secretary, Principal Executive Officer, and Director 

Date:
 January 9, 2022 
 BY:
 /s/ Robert Chicoski 

Robert
 Chicoski 

Chief
 Financial Officer, Treasurer, Secretary, Principal Financial And Accounting Officer 

- 44 - 

<EX-21>
 2
 ex_21.htm
 SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT

Exhibit 21 

SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT 

SomaCeuticals, Inc. (a Texas corporation) 

First Titan Energy, LLC, (a Nevada limited liability company) 

First Titan Technical, LLC, (a Nevada limited liability company) 

</EX-21>

<EX-31>
 3
 ex_31-1.htm
 RULE 13(A)-14(A)/15(D)-14(A) CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

RULE 13A-14(A)/15D-14(A) CERTIFICATION 

I, James C. Katzaroff, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30,
2022 of GlobeStar Therapeutics Corporation. 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material
fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements
were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included
in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant
as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as
defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(f) and 15-d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and
procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control
over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial
reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures
and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period
covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the
case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; and 

5. I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal
control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize
and report financial information; and 

b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have
a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: January 9, 2022 
 
 BY: /s/ James C. Katzaroff 

James C. Katzaroff 

Chief Executive Officer, President, Secretary, Principal Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board 

</EX-31>

<EX-31>
 4
 ex_31-2.htm
 RULE 13(A)-14(A)/15(D)-14(A) CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

RULE 13A-14(A)/15D-14(A) CERTIFICATION 

I, Robert Chicoski, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30,
2022 of GlobeStar Therapeutics Corporation. 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material
fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements
were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included
in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant
as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as
defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(f) and 15-d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and
procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control
over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial
reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures
and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period
covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the
case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; and 

5. I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal
control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize
and report financial information; and 

b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have
a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: January 9, 2022 
 
 BY: /s/ Robert Chicoski 

Robert Chicoski 

Chief Financial officer, Treasurer, Principal Financial Officer 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 5
 ex_32-1.htm
 SECTION 1350 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

SECTION 1350 CERTIFICATION 

In connection with the annual report of GlobeStar Therapeutics Corporation.
(the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended September 30, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
(the Report ), I, James C. Katzaroff, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. SS. 1350, as
adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. 
 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities
 Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 
 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial
 condition and result of operations of the Company. 

Date: January 9, 2022 
 
 BY: /s/ James C. Katzaroff 

James C. Katzaroff 

Chief Executive Officer, President, Secretary, Principal Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating,
acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement
has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff
upon request. 

</EX-32>

<EX-32>
 6
 ex_32-2.htm
 SECTION 1350 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

SECTION 1350 CERTIFICATION 

In connection with the annual report of GlobeStar Therapeutics Corporation.
(the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended September 30, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
(the Report ), I, Robert Chicoski, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. SS. 1350, as adopted
pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. 
 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities
 Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 
 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial
 condition and result of operations of the Company. 

Date: January 9, 2022 
 
 BY: /s/ Robert Chicoski 

Robert Chicoski 

Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer, Principal Financial Officer 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating,
acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement
has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff
upon request. 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 gstc-20220930.xsd
 INLINE XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 gstc-20220930_def.xml
 INLINE XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 gstc-20220930_lab.xml
 INLINE XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 gstc-20220930_pre.xml
 INLINE XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

