<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230331_10-K_edgar_data_1846809_0001410578-23-000471.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6818865</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>437115</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1022512</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2139515</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1237736</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1836292</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001410578-23-000471.hdr.sgml : 20230331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230330174015
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001410578-23-000471
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		58
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230330

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			OceanTech Acquisitions I Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001846809
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40450
		FILM NUMBER:		23782002

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		515 MADISON AVE., SUITE 8133
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10022
		BUSINESS PHONE:		929-412-1272

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		515 MADISON AVE., SUITE 8133
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10022

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001410578-23-000471.txt : 20230331

10-K
 1
 tmb-20221231x10k.htm
 10-K

Table of Contents 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM (Mark One) ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended or TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from to Commission file number: (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) Registrant s telephone number, including area code Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act: Title of Each Class: Trading Symbol: Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered stock and one redeemable warrant The Stock Market LLC The Stock Market LLC The Stock Market LLC Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act: None Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.Yes Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No The aggregate market value of the registrant s voting and non-voting common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant (without admitting that any person whose shares are not included in such calculation is an affiliate) computed by reference to the price at which the common stock was last sold, as of the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter was approximately million. As of March 30, Class A common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, and Class B common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, were issued and outstanding , respectively . 

Table of Contents 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page PART I 1 Item 1. Business 2 Item 1A. Risk Factors 20 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 47 Item 2. Properties 47 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 47 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 47 PART II 48 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 48 Item 6. [Reserved] 48 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 49 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 55 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 55 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 55 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 55 Item 9B. Other Information 56 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 56 PART III 57 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 57 Item 11. Executive Compensation 66 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters 66 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 68 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 70 PART IV 71 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 71 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 72 Signatures 73 
 i 

Table of Contents 
 PART I CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS Certain of the statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of federal securities laws. Our forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding our or our management team s expectations, hopes, beliefs, intentions or strategies regarding the future. In addition, any statements that refer to projections, forecasts or other characterizations of future events or circumstances, including any underlying assumptions, are forward-looking statements. The words anticipate, believe, continue, could, estimate, expect, intend, may, might, plan, possible, potential, predict, project, should, would and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements, but the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. Forward-looking statements in this report may include, for example, statements about our: our ability to select an appropriate target business or businesses to complete our initial business combination; our ability to complete our initial business combination; our expectations around the performance of the prospective target business or businesses; our success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following our initial business combination; our officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or in approving our initial business combination, as a result of which they would then receive expense reimbursements; our potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination; our pool of prospective target businesses; the ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential investment opportunities; the use of proceeds not held in the trust account or available to us from interest income on the trust account balance; the trust account not being subject to claims of third parties; or our financial performance. 
 The forward-looking statements contained in this report are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects on us. Future developments affecting us may not be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions that may cause actual results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those factors described under the heading Risk Factors elsewhere in this report. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws. These risks and others described under Risk Factors may not be exhaustive. 
 1 

Table of Contents 
 Item 1. BUSINESS Formation. We are a blank check company incorporated in Delaware on February 3, 2021, for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses. We are an emerging growth company and, as such, are subject to all the risks associated with emerging growth companies. To date, our efforts have been limited to organizational activities, activities related to the IPO, and searching for a business combination target and conducting due diligence on potential acquisition targets. Initial Public Offering. Our sponsor was OceanTech Acquisitions I Sponsors LLC (the Original Sponsor ), a Delaware limited liability company. The registration statement for the initial public offering Initial Public Offering was declared effective on May 27, 2021. On June 2, 2021, we consummated our Initial Public Offering of 10,000,000 units (the Units and, with respect to the Class A common stock included in the Units, the Common Stock ), at 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of 100 million, and incurring offering costs (inclusive of the partial exercise of the underwriter s over-allotment option on June 17, 2021) of approximately 7.4 million, inclusive of 2.1 million of underwriting discount and 3.6 million in deferred underwriting commissions. The underwriter was granted a 45-day option from the date of the final prospectus relating to the Initial Public Offering to purchase up to 1,500,000 additional Units to cover over-allotments, if any, at 10.00 per Unit. On June 17, 2021, the underwriter partially exercised their over-allotment option to purchase an additional 326,000 Units, resulting in incremental gross proceeds of approximately 3.3 million. The underwriter waived its right to exercise the remaining over-allotment option on June 21, 2021. Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, we consummated the private placement Private Placement of 4,571,000 warrants (each, a Private Placement Warrant and collectively, the Private Placement Warrants ), of which 3,871,000 Private Placement Warrants were purchased by our Original Sponsor and 700,000 Private Placement Warrants were purchased by Maxim Group LLC (and/or its designees) Maxim ), each exercisable to purchase one share of Common Stock at 11.50 per share, at a price of 1.00 per Private Placement Warrant, generating gross proceeds to us of 4.6 million. In connection with the partial exercise of the underwriter s over-allotment option, we sold an additional 97,800 Private Placement Warrants, of which 74,980 Private Placement Warrants were purchased by our Original Sponsor and 22,820 Private Placement Warrants were purchased by Maxim, at a price of 1.00 per Private Placement Warrant, generating additional gross proceeds of 0.1 million. Upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering and the Private Placement (including the additional Units and additional Private Placement Warrants sold in connection with the partial exercise of the underwriter s over-allotment option), 104,292,600 10.10 per Unit) of the net proceeds of the sale of the Units in the Initial Public Offering and the Private Placement were placed in the trust account (the Trust Account ). Extension of Deadline to Complete the Company s Initial Business Combination Prior to Charter Amendment . On June 2, 2022, the Company extended the deadline to complete its initial business combination by six months from June 2, 2022 to December 2, 2022. The extension is permitted under the Company s governing documents. In connection with the extension, the Company caused to be deposited into the Trust Account 1,548,900 for the extension. Merger Agreement with Captura Biopharma, Inc. On August 10, 2022, the Company, the Original Sponsor, and OceanTech Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company Merger Sub entered into a definitive Agreement and Plan of Merger the Merger Agreement 1 with Captura Biopharma, Inc., a Delaware corporation Captura ). Pursuant to the Merger Agreement 1, subject to the terms and conditions set forth therein, upon the closing of the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement 1, the Company, the Original Sponsor, Merger Sub, and Captura will effect the merger of Merger Sub with and into Captura, with Captura continuing as the surviving entity. In connection with entry into the Merger Agreement 1, (i) the Company and Captura entered into Voting Agreements the Voting Agreement with certain stockholders of Captura representing approximately 68 of the outstanding voting power of Captura s equity securities (the Captura Stockholders pursuant to which Captura Stockholders have agreed to vote their securities in favor of the approval of the Merger Agreement 1 and the business combination to occur, and (ii) the Company, the Original Sponsor, and Captura entered into a Sponsor Support Agreement (the Sponsor Support Agreement pursuant to which the Original Sponsor has agreed to vote its Company securities in favor of the approval of the Merger Agreement 1 and the business combination and to take other customary actions to cause the business combination to occur. Termination of Merger Agreement with Captura Biopharma, Inc. On October 13, 2022, the Company and Captura entered into Mutual Termination Agreement (the Termination Agreement pursuant to which the Company and Captura mutually agreed to terminate the Merger Agreement 1. The termination of the Merger Agreement 1 also terminated and made void Voting Agreement and Sponsor Support Agreement, each of which were executed concurrently with the Merger Agreement 1. 
 2 

Table of Contents 
 Merger Agreement with Majic Wheels Corp. On November 15, 2022, the Company, Merger Sub, OceanTech merger Sub 2, LLC, a Wyoming limited liability company and a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company Merger Sub 2 and the Original Sponsor entered into a definitive Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement 2 with Maji Wheels Corp., a Wyoming corporation Majic ). Pursuant to the Merger Agreement 2, subject to the terms and conditions set forth therein, upon the closing of the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement 2, the Company, Merger Sub, Merger Sub 2, the Original Sponsor, and Majic will (i) effect the merger of Merger Sub with and into Majic, with Majic continuing as the surviving entity and a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company (the First Merger ), and (ii) immediately following the First Merger, effect the merger of Majic, as the surviving entity of the First Merger with and into Merger Sub 2, with Merger Sub 2 continuing as the surviving entity. In connection with entry into the Merger Agreement 2, (i) the Company and Majic entered into Voting Agreements the Voting Agreement 2 with certain stockholders of Majic representing approximately 73 of the outstanding voting power of Majic s equity securities (the Majic Stockholders pursuant to which Majic Stockholders have agreed to vote their securities in favor of the approval of the Merger Agreement 2 and the business combination to occur, and (ii) the Company, the Original Sponsor, and Majic entered into a Purchaser Support Agreement (the Purchaser Support Agreement pursuant to which the Original Sponsor has agreed to vote its Company securities in favor of the approval of the Merger Agreement 2 and the business combination and to take other customary actions to cause the business combination to occur. Termination of Merger Agreement with Majic Wheels Corp. On February 3, 2023, the Company and Majic entered into Mutual Termination Agreement (the Termination Agreement 2 pursuant to which the Company and Majic mutually agreed to terminate the Merger Agreement 2. The termination of the Merger Agreement 2 also terminated and made void Voting Agreement 2 and Purchaser Support Agreement, each of which were executed concurrently with the Merger Agreement 2. Charter Amendment. In a special meeting held on November 29, 2022, shareholders approved the Certificate of Amendment to the Company s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (the Charter Amendment ), changing the structure and cost of our right to extend the date (the Termination Date by which we must either (i) consummate a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination involving the Company and one or more businesses (a business combination ), or else (ii)(a) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (b) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the shares of Common Stock, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding shares of Common Stock, which redemption will completely extinguish Public Stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), and (c) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the remaining stockholders and the board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. In the meeting, shareholders further approved an amendment to the Company s investment management trust agreement (the Trust Agreement dated as of May 27, 2021, by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, allowing the Company to extend the business combination period. The Charter Amendment allows us to extend the Termination Date by up to six (6) one-month extensions to June 2, 2023 (each of which we refer to as an Extension , and such later date, the Extended Deadline ). To obtain each 1-month extension, our sponsor or any of their affiliates or designees must deposit into our Trust Account 125,000 for each such one-month extension until June 2, 2023 and the procedure relating to any such extension, as set forth in the Trust Agreement, must be complied with. In connection with the approval of the Charter Amendment on November 29, 2022, holders of 8,477,497 of our public shares exercised their right to redeem those shares for a pro rata portion of the funds in the Trust Account for cash at an approximate price of 10.32 per share, for an aggregate of approximately 87.54 million, leaving 1,848,503 of our public shares outstanding after the November 29, 2022 shareholders meeting. Extension of Deadline to Complete the Company s Initial Business Combination. As of the date of this Annual Report, the Company has exercised its right to extend the deadline to complete its initial business combination four times by depositing or causing to be deposited into the Trust Account 125,000 for each of the four extensions. On December 1, 2022, the Company caused to be deposited 125,000 into or Trust account for its public stockholders, representing 0.067 per public share, allowing the Company to extend the period of time it has to consummate its initial business combination by one month from December 2, 2022 to January 2, 2023. On December 30, 2022, the Company caused to be deposited 125,000 into our Trust account for its public stockholders, representing 0.067 per public share, allowing the Company to extend the period of time it has to consummate its initial business combination by one month from January 2, 2022, to February 2, 2023. 
 3 

Table of Contents 
 On February 2, 2023, the Company caused to be deposited 125,000 into its Trust account for its public stockholders, representing 0.067 per public share, allowing the Company to extend the period of time it has to consummate its initial business combination by one month from February 2, 2022, to March 2, 2023. On March 2, 2023, the Company caused to be deposited 125,000 into its Trust account for its public stockholders, representing 0.067 per public share, allowing the Company to extend the period of time it has to consummate its initial business combination by one month from March 2, 2022, to April 2, 2023. The current deadline is April 2, 2023. The Company has two remaining 1-month extensions under the Charter Amendment. Sponsor Purchase Agreement. On March 13, 2023, the Company entered into a Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement with the Original Sponsor and Aspire Acquisition LLC (the New Sponsor pursuant to which the New Sponsor, or an entity designated by the New Sponsor, will purchase from the Original Sponsor 2,581,500 shares of Class B common stock of the Company (the Class B Common Stock ), par value 0.0001 per share and 5,869,800 Private Placement Warrants, each of which is exercisable to purchase one share of Class A common stock of the Company, par value 0.0001 per share, for an aggregate purchase price of 1.00 (the Purchase Price payable at the time the Company effects a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, recapitalization, reorganization, or business combination. Upon the closing of the business combination, the New Sponsor shall also convey (i) 250,000 shares of Class B Common Stock to the equity holders of the Original Sponsor as of March 13, 2023 (the Original Sponsor Equity holders ), pro rata based on the Original Sponsor Equity holders underlying interest in the Company s Class B Common Stock and (ii) 250,000 Private Placement Warrants to the Original Sponsor Equity holders, pro rata based on the Original Sponsor Equity holders underlying interest the Company s Private Placement Warrants as of March 13, 2023. Upon the closing of the Purchase Agreement, the New Sponsor will (i) reimburse Joseph Adir, the former Chief Executive Officer of the Company, in the amount of 25,000, and (ii) pay directly to Charles Baumgartner, the former Chief Financial Officer of the Company, 5,000 per month during the transition period of three months following the appointment of new officers and board of directors. In addition to the payment of the Purchase Price, the New Sponsor also assumed the following obligations: (i) responsibility for all of Company s public company reporting obligations; and (ii) all other obligations of the Original Sponsor related to the Company. Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, the New Sponsor has replaced the Company s current directors and officers with directors and officers of the Company selected in the New Sponsor s sole discretion. Compliance with Nasdaq s minimum Market Value of Listed Securities. On January 24, 2023, the Company received written notice (the Notification Letter from the Listing Qualifications Department of The Nasdaq Stock Market (the Nasdaq stating that the Company s Market Value of Listed Securities (the MVLS for the last 30 consecutive business days (from November 29, 2022 to January 23, 2023) was below the required minimum of 35 million for continued listing on Nasdaq under Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(b)(2). In accordance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5810(c)(3)(C), the Company has 180 calendar days (or until July 24, 2023) to regain compliance. The Notification Letter states that Nasdaq will close the matter and provide written confirmation that the Company has achieved compliance with rule 5550(b)(2) if at any time before July 24, 2023, the Company s MVLS closes at 35 million or more for a minimum of ten consecutive business days. The Company s business operations are not affected by the receipt of the Notification Letter and the Company fully intends to regain compliance with Nasdaq listing rules. The Company will monitor its Nasdaq listing between now and July 24, 2023, and to evaluate its available options to regain compliance with Nasdaq s minimum MVLS rule within the compliance period. Our Business Strategy Competitive Strengths We intend to focus our search for an initial business combination on private companies that have either positive operating cash flow or compelling unit economics combined with a clear path to positive operating cash flow, tangible or intangible assets with significant barriers to entry, and experienced incentivized management teams. Our selection process is expected to leverage a unique set of relationships with proven deal-sourcing capabilities to provide us with a strong pipeline of potential targets. We expect to distinguish ourselves with our ability to: Leverage our Extensive Network of Relationships to Create a Unique Pipeline of Acquisition Opportunities. We believe the combination of our Chief Executive Officer Suren Ajjarapu s broad investment and operating experience in addition to our ability to access a deep network of public and private enterprises, experienced operators, restructuring advisors, attorneys, accountants, family offices, hedge funds, and private equity firms will enable us to identify and evaluate compelling target businesses. 
 4 

Table of Contents 
 Employ a Rigorous Systematic Process of Identifying Target Companies and Acquiring a Business that will be Well-Received by the Public Markets. We believe that our management s strong M A and investment track record in both private and public markets, combined with extensive public market trading experience, will provide a distinct advantage for identifying, valuing and completing a business combination that will meet our investors expectations. Providing an Alternative Path to Becoming Public. We believe our structure makes us an attractive business combination partner to prospective target businesses that desire to become a publicly listed company. A merger with us will offer a target business an alternative process to a public listing rather than the traditional initial public offering process. We believe that target businesses may favor this alternative, which we believe is less expensive, while offering greater certainty of execution than the traditional initial public offering. Furthermore, once a proposed business combination is approved by our stockholders and the transaction is consummated, the target business will have effectively become public, whereas an initial public offering is always subject to the underwriters ability to complete the offering, as well as general market conditions that could prevent the offering from occurring. Once public, we believe the target business would have greater access to capital and additional means of creating management incentives that are better aligned with stockholders interests than it would as a private company. A public company can offer further benefits by augmenting a company s profile among potential new customers and vendors and aid in attracting talented management. With public company corporate governance standards, a target business may become attractive to public investors. Strong and Stable Financial Position with Flexibility. With funds in the Trust Account of 13.8 million available to use for a business combination, we offer a target business a variety of options such as providing the owners of a target business with shares in a public company and a public means to sell such shares, providing capital for the potential growth and expansion of its operations or strengthening its balance sheet by reducing its debt ratio. Because we are able to consummate our initial business combination using our cash, debt or equity securities, or a combination of the foregoing, we have the flexibility to use the most efficient combination that will allow us to tailor the consideration to be paid to the target business to fit its needs and desires. However, since we have no specific business combination under consideration, we have not taken any steps to secure third party financing and there can be no assurance that it will be available to us. 
 Business Strategy and Target Industries While we initially sought to pursue a target in the leisure marine, yachting and superyachting industries, our Board of Directors has determined that we should broaden our search to additional industries in order to complete a business combination and maximize profit to shareholders. We will seek to enter into a business combination with a business that is well positioned to leverage the industry expertise, insights and relationships of the New Sponsor, our board of directors and advisory board, and to create significant opportunities for value creation and improved financial performance. While we may acquire a business in any industry, our focus will be on industries in Europe, the United States and other developed countries. We believe this focus is attractive for a number of reasons: Broad Universe of Potential Targets . We intend to focus our investment effort broadly across multiple industries. We believe that our investment and operating expertise across multiple industry verticals will give us a large, addressable universe of potential targets. The diversity of the target universe and the number of largely uncorrelated subsectors maximizes that likelihood that our management team will be able to identify and execute an attractive transaction. Strong Access to Transformative Technology . When the COVID-19 storm passes, we believe a new generation of innovators is set to play a critical role in repairing the damage. Using the growing repertoire of emerging technologies, we believe tomorrow s innovators are poised to digitize, refresh and revolutionize the economy. 

 5 

Table of Contents 
 Acquisition Criteria Consistent with our strategy, we have identified the following general criteria and guidelines which we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses. We will use these criteria and guidelines in evaluating acquisition opportunities and will initially target businesses with enterprise values of approximately 250 million to 1.0 billion, but we may decide to enter into our initial business combination with a target business that does not meet these criteria and guidelines. We intend to acquire one or more businesses that we believe has the following characteristics: Benefits from a Public Currency and Access to Public Equity Markets. Access to the public equity markets could allow the target company to utilize additional forms of capital, enhancing its ability to pursue accretive acquisitions, high-return capital projects, and/or strengthen its balance sheet and recruit and retain key employees through the use of publicly-traded equity compensation. Has a Strong Competitive Position and Growing Platform. We will seek to invest in companies that we believe possess not only established business models and sustainable competitive advantages, but also a growing platform for equity investors. Operated by a Talented and Incentivized Management Team. We will focus on companies with strong and experienced management teams that desire a significant equity stake in the post-business combination company. We will seek to partner with a management team and/or seller who is well-incentivized and aligned in an effort to create stockholder value. Benefits from Our Ability to Uniquely Structure Transaction to Unlock and Maximize Value. We will look for situations where our extensive experience and creativity can architect a win-win solution for both sides of the transaction. Benefits from a Digital Transformation. We will be looking for opportunities that we will be able to propel forward by introducing advance technologies which will enhance the target operations and EBITDA. 
 These criteria are not intended to be exhaustive. Any evaluation relating to the merits of a particular initial business combination may be based, to the extent relevant, on these general guidelines as well as other considerations, factors and criteria that our management may deem relevant. Initial Business Combination Nasdaq rules require that we must complete one or more business combinations having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the value of the assets held in the Trust Account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the interest earned on the Trust Account) at the time of our signing a definitive agreement in connection with our initial business combination. Our board of directors will make the determination as to the fair market value of our initial business combination. If our board of directors is not able to independently determine the fair market value of our initial business combination, we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA or an independent accounting firm with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. While we consider it unlikely that our board of directors will not be able to make an independent determination of the fair market value of our initial business combination, it may be unable to do so if it is less familiar or experienced with the business of a particular target or if there is a significant amount of uncertainty as to the value of a target s assets or prospects. We will have until June 2, 2023 to consummate an initial business combination in accordance with the Charter Amendment. We anticipate structuring our initial business combination either (i) in such a way so that the post-transaction company in which our public stockholders own shares will own or acquire 100 of the equity interests or assets of the target business or businesses, or (ii) in such a way so that the post-transaction company owns or acquires less than 100 of such interests or assets of the target business in order to meet certain objectives of the target management team or stockholders, or for other reasons. However, we will only complete an initial business combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. Even if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the voting securities of the target, our stockholders prior to the initial business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post-transaction company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the initial business combination. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100 controlling interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares, our stockholders immediately prior to our initial business combination could own less than a majority of our outstanding shares subsequent to our initial business combination. If less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses are owned or 
 6 

Table of Contents 
 acquired by the post-transaction company, the portion of such business or businesses that is owned or acquired is what will be taken into account for purposes of Nasdaq s 80 of net assets test. If the business combination involves more than one target business, the 80 of net assets test will be based on the aggregate value of all of the transactions and we will treat the target businesses together as the initial business combination for purposes of a tender offer or for seeking stockholder approval, as applicable. Status as a Public Company We believe our structure will make us an attractive business combination partner to target businesses. As a public company, we offer a target business an alternative to the traditional initial public offering through a merger or other business combination with us. Following an initial business combination, we believe the target business would have greater access to capital and additional means of creating management incentives that are better aligned with stockholders interests than it would as a private company. A target business can further benefit by augmenting its profile among potential new customers and vendors and aid in attracting talented employees. In a business combination transaction with us, the owners of the target business may, for example, exchange their shares of stock in the target business for our shares of Common Stock or for a combination of our shares of Common Stock and cash, allowing us to tailor the consideration to the specific needs of the sellers. Although there are various costs and obligations associated with being a public company, we believe target businesses will find this method a more expeditious and cost effective method to becoming a public company than the typical initial public offering. The typical initial public offering process takes a significantly longer period of time than the typical business combination transaction process, and there are significant expenses in the initial public offering process, including underwriting discounts and commissions, marketing and road show efforts that may not be present to the same extent in connection with an initial business combination with us. Furthermore, once a proposed initial business combination is completed, the target business will have effectively become public, whereas an initial public offering is always subject to the underwriters ability to complete the offering, as well as general market conditions, which could delay or prevent the offering from occurring or could have negative valuation consequences. Following an initial business combination, we believe the target business would then have greater access to capital and an additional means of providing management incentives consistent with stockholders interests and the ability to use its shares as currency for acquisitions. Being a public company can offer further benefits by augmenting a company s profile among potential new customers and vendors and aid in attracting talented employees. While we believe that our structure and our management team s backgrounds will make us an attractive business partner, some potential target businesses may view our status as a blank check company, such as our lack of an operating history and our ability to seek stockholder approval of any proposed initial business combination, negatively. We are an emerging growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act. As such, we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the prices of our securities may be more volatile. In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We intend to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period. We will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of the completion of our offering, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.07 billion, or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our Class A common stock that is held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the prior June 30th, and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt securities during the prior three-year period. Additionally, we are a smaller reporting company as defined in Rule 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our common 
 7 

Table of Contents 
 stock held by non-affiliates exceeds 250 million as of the end of the prior June 30th, or (2) our annual revenues exceeded 100 million during such completed fiscal year and the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the prior June 30th. Our Business Combination Process In evaluating prospective business combinations, we expect to conduct a thorough due diligence review process that will encompass, among other things, a review of historical and projected financial and operating data, meetings with management and their advisors (if applicable), on-site inspection of facilities and assets, discussion with customers and suppliers, legal reviews and other reviews as we deem appropriate. We will also seek to utilize the expertise of our management team in evaluating operating projections, financial projections and determining the appropriate return expectations given the risk profile of the target business. We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our New Sponsor, officers or directors. In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our New Sponsor, officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions that our initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. Certain of our officers and directors presently have fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity. Accordingly, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations to present the opportunity to such entity, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such opportunity to such entity. We believe, however, that the fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of our officers or directors will not materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of our company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue, and to the extent the director or officer is permitted to refer that opportunity to us without violating another legal obligation. Our Management Team Members of our management team are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters but they intend to devote as much of their time as they, in the exercise of their respective business judgement, deem necessary to our affairs until we have completed our initial business combination. The amount of time that any member of our management team will devote in any time period will vary based on whether a target business has been selected for our initial business combination and the current stage of the business combination process. We do not have an employment agreement with any member of our management team. We believe our management team s operating and transaction experience and relationships with companies will provide us with a substantial number of potential business combination targets. Over the course of their careers, the members of our management team have developed a broad network of contacts and corporate relationships in the various industries. This network has grown through the activities of our management team sourcing, acquiring and financing businesses, our management team s relationships with sellers, financing sources and target management teams and the experience of our management team in executing transactions under varying economic and financial market conditions. Financial Position As of December 31, 2022, we had funds available for an initial business combination in the amount of approximately 13.8 million assuming no redemptions and after payment of 5.6 million of deferred underwriting fees, in each case before fees and expenses associated with our initial business combination. With these funds we can offer a target business a variety of options such as creating a liquidity event for its owners, providing capital for the potential growth and expansion of its operations or strengthening its balance sheet by reducing its debt or leverage ratio. Because we are able to complete our initial business combination using our cash, debt or equity securities, or a combination of the foregoing, we have the flexibility to use the most efficient combination that will allow us to tailor the consideration to be paid to the target business to fit its needs and desires. However, we have not taken any steps to secure third party financing and there can be no assurance it will be available to us. 
 8 

Table of Contents 
 Effecting Our Initial Business Combination We are not presently engaged in, and we will not engage in, any operations until we consummate our initial business combination. We intend to effectuate our initial business combination using cash from the proceeds of our Initial Public Offering and the Private Placement of the Private Placement Warrants, the proceeds of the sale of our shares in connection with our initial business combination (including pursuant to forward purchase agreements or backstop agreements we may enter into following the consummation of our Initial Public Offering or otherwise), shares issued to the owners of the target, debt issued to bank or other lenders or the owners of the target, or a combination of the foregoing. We may seek to complete our initial business combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth, which would subject us to the numerous risks inherent in such companies and businesses. If our initial business combination is paid for using equity or debt securities, or not all of the funds released from the Trust Account are used for payment of the consideration in connection with our initial business combination or used for redemptions of our Common Stock, we may apply the balance of the cash released to us from the Trust Account for general corporate purposes, including for maintenance or expansion of operations of the post-transaction company, the payment of principal or interest due on indebtedness incurred in completing our initial business combination, to fund the purchase of other companies or for working capital. We may seek to raise additional funds through a private offering of debt or equity securities in connection with the completion of our initial business combination, and we may effectuate our initial business combination using the proceeds of such offering rather than using the amounts held in the Trust Account. In addition, we intend to target businesses larger than we could acquire with the net proceeds of our offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants and may as a result be required to seek additional financing to complete such proposed initial business combination. Subject to compliance with applicable securities laws, we would expect to complete such financing only simultaneously with the completion of our initial business combination. In the case of an initial business combination funded with assets other than the Trust Account assets, our proxy materials or tender offer documents disclosing the initial business combination would disclose the terms of the financing and, only if required by law, we would seek stockholder approval of such financing. There are no prohibitions on our ability to raise funds privately, or through loans in connection with our initial business combination. At this time, we are not a party to any arrangement or understanding with any third party with respect to raising any additional funds through the sale of securities or otherwise. Sources of Target Businesses We anticipate that target business candidates will be brought to our attention from various unaffiliated sources, including investment bankers and investment professionals. Target businesses may be brought to our attention by such unaffiliated sources as a result of being solicited by us by calls or mailings. These sources may also introduce us to target businesses in which they think we may be interested on an unsolicited basis, since many of these sources will have read our Initial Public Offering prospectus and know what types of businesses we are targeting. Our officers and directors, as well as our New Sponsor and their affiliates, may also bring to our attention target business candidates that they become aware of through their business contacts as a result of formal or informal inquiries or discussions they may have, as well as attending trade shows or conventions. In addition, we expect to receive a number of proprietary deal flow opportunities that would not otherwise necessarily be available to us as a result of the business relationships of our officers and directors and our New Sponsor and their affiliates. While we do not presently anticipate engaging the services of professional firms or other individuals that specialize in business acquisitions on any formal basis, we may engage these firms or other individuals in the future, in which event we may pay a finder s fee, consulting fee, advisory fee or other compensation to be determined in an arm s length negotiation based on the terms of the transaction. We will engage a finder only to the extent our management determines that the use of a finder may bring opportunities to us that may not otherwise be available to us or if finders approach us on an unsolicited basis with a potential transaction that our management determines is in our best interest to pursue. Payment of finder s fees is customarily tied to completion of a transaction, in which case any such fee will be paid out of the funds held in the Trust Account. In no event, however, will our New Sponsor or any of our existing officers or directors, or any entity with which our New Sponsor or officers are affiliated, be paid any finder s fee, reimbursement, consulting fee, monies in respect of any payment of a loan or other compensation by the company prior to, or in connection with any services rendered for any services they render in order to effectuate, the completion of our initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is). None of our New Sponsor, executive officers or directors, or any of their respective affiliates, will be allowed to receive any compensation, finder s fees or consulting fees from a prospective business combination target in connection with a contemplated initial business combination. Commencing on May 28, 2021, we agreed to pay the Original Sponsor a total of 10,000 per month until March 13, 2023 and then to pay the New Sponsor from March 13, 2023 for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support and to reimburse the New Sponsor for any out-of-pocket expenses related to identifying, investigating and completing an initial business combination. Some of our officers and directors may enter into employment or consulting agreements with the post-transaction company following our initial business combination. The presence or 
 9 

Table of Contents 
 absence of any such fees or arrangements will not be used as a criterion in our selection process of an initial business combination candidate. We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with an initial business combination target that is affiliated with our New Sponsor, officers or directors or making the initial business combination through a joint venture or other form of shared ownership with our New Sponsor, officers or directors. In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with an initial business combination target that is affiliated with our New Sponsor, officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, would obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm which is a member of FINRA or an independent accounting firm that such an initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. We are not required to obtain such an opinion in any other context. If any of our officers or directors becomes aware of an initial business combination opportunity that falls within the line of business of any entity to which he or she has pre-existing fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she may be required to present such business combination opportunity to such entity prior to presenting such business combination opportunity to us. Our officers and directors currently have certain relevant fiduciary duties or contractual obligations that may take priority over their duties to us. Selection of a Target Business and Structuring of our Initial Business Combination Nasdaq rules require that we must complete one or more business combinations having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the value of the assets held in the Trust Account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the interest earned on the Trust Account) at the time of our signing a definitive agreement in connection with our initial business combination. The fair market value of our initial business combination will be determined by our board of directors based upon one or more standards generally accepted by the financial community, such as discounted cash flow valuation, a valuation based on trading multiples of comparable public businesses or a valuation based on the financial metrics of M A transactions of comparable businesses. If our board of directors is not able to independently determine the fair market value of our initial business combination, we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA or an independent accounting firm with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. While we consider it unlikely that our board of directors will not be able to make an independent determination of the fair market value of our initial business combination, it may be unable to do so if it is less familiar or experienced with the business of a particular target or if there is a significant amount of uncertainty as to the value of a target s assets or prospects. We do not intend to purchase multiple businesses in unrelated industries in conjunction with our initial business combination. Subject to this requirement, our management will have virtually unrestricted flexibility in identifying and selecting one or more prospective target businesses, although we will not be permitted to effectuate our initial business combination with another blank check company or a similar company with nominal operations. In any case, we will only complete an initial business combination in which we own or acquire 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquire a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. If we own or acquire less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses, the portion of such business or businesses that are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company is what will be taken into account for purposes of Nasdaq s 80 of net assets test. To the extent we effect our initial business combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in such company or business. Although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all significant risk factors. In evaluating a prospective business target, we expect to conduct a thorough due diligence review, which may encompass, among other things, meetings with incumbent management and employees, document reviews, interviews of customers and suppliers, inspection of facilities, as well as a review of financial and other information that will be made available to us. The time required to select and evaluate a target business and to structure and complete our initial business combination, and the costs associated with this process, are not currently ascertainable with any degree of certainty. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification and evaluation of a prospective target business with which our initial business combination is not ultimately completed will result in our incurring losses and will reduce the funds we can use to complete another business combination. 
 10 

Table of Contents 
 Lack of Business Diversification For an indefinite period of time after the completion of our initial business combination, the prospects for our success may depend entirely on the future performance of a single business. Unlike other entities that have the resources to complete business combinations with multiple entities in one or several industries, it is probable that we will not have the resources to diversify our operations and mitigate the risks of being in a single line of business. In addition, we intend to focus our search for an initial business combination in a single industry. By completing our initial business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may: subject us to negative economic, competitive and regulatory developments, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact on the particular industry in which we operate after our initial business combination, and cause us to depend on the marketing and sale of a single product or limited number of products or services. 
 Limited Ability to Evaluate the Target s Management Team Although we intend to closely scrutinize the management of a prospective target business when evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial business combination with that business, our assessment of the target business management may not prove to be correct. In addition, the future management may not have the necessary skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. Furthermore, the future role of members of our management team, if any, in the target business cannot presently be stated with any certainty. We cannot assure you that any of our key personnel will remain in senior management or advisory positions with the combined company. The determination as to whether any of our key personnel will remain with the combined company will be made at the time of our initial business combination. The determination as to whether any of the members of our management team will remain with the combined company will be made at the time of our initial business combination. While it is possible that one or more of our directors will remain associated in some capacity with us following our initial business combination, it is unlikely that any of them will devote their full efforts to our affairs subsequent to our initial business combination. Moreover, we cannot assure you that members of our management team will have significant experience or knowledge relating to the operations of the particular target business. Following an initial business combination, we may seek to recruit additional managers to supplement the incumbent management of the target business. We cannot assure you that we will have the ability to recruit additional managers, or that additional managers will have the requisite skills, knowledge or experience necessary to enhance the incumbent management. Stockholders May Not Have the Ability to Approve Our Initial Business Combination We may conduct redemptions without a stockholder vote pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC. However, we will seek stockholder approval if it is required by law or applicable stock exchange rule, or we may decide to seek stockholder approval for business or other legal reasons. Presented in the table below is a graphic explanation of the types of initial business combinations we may consider and whether stockholder approval is currently required under Delaware law for each such transaction. 

TYPE OF TRANSACTION WHETHER STOCKHOLDER APPROVAL IS REQUIRED Purchase of assets No Purchase of stock of target not involving a merger with the company No Merger of target into a subsidiary of the company No Merger of the company with a target Yes Under Nasdaq s listing rules, stockholder approval would be required for our initial business combination if, for example: we issue shares of Class A common stock that will be equal to or in excess of 20 of the number of shares of our Class A common stock then outstanding; any of our directors, officers or substantial stockholders (as defined by Nasdaq rules) has a 5 or greater interest (or such persons collectively have a 10 or greater interest), directly or indirectly, in the target business or assets to be acquired or otherwise and the present or potential issuance of common stock could result in an increase in outstanding common shares or voting power of 5 or more; or 
 11 

Table of Contents 
 the issuance or potential issuance of common stock will result in our undergoing a change of control. 
 Permitted Purchases of our Securities If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our New Sponsor, initial stockholders, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase shares or public warrants in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our business combination. There is no limit on the number of shares our initial stockholders, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase in such transactions, subject to compliance with applicable law and Nasdaq rules. However, they have no current commitments, plans or intentions to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions. If they engage in such transactions, they will not make any such purchases when they are in possession of any material nonpublic information not disclosed to the seller or if such purchases are prohibited by Regulation M under the Exchange Act. We do not currently anticipate that such purchases, if any, would constitute a tender offer subject to the tender offer rules under the Exchange Act or a going-private transaction subject to the going-private rules under the Exchange Act; however, if the purchasers determine at the time of any such purchases that the purchases are subject to such rules, the purchasers will comply with such rules. Any such purchases will be reported pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the extent such purchasers are subject to such reporting requirements. None of the funds held in the Trust Account will be used to purchase shares or public warrants in such transactions prior to completion of our initial business combination. The purpose of any such purchases of shares could be to vote such shares in favor of the initial business combination and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining stockholder approval of the initial business combination or to satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our initial business combination, where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. The purpose of any such purchases of public warrants could be to reduce the number of public warrants outstanding or to vote such warrants on any matters submitted to the warrant holders for approval in connection with our initial business combination. Any such purchases of our securities may result in the completion of our initial business combination that may not otherwise have been possible. In addition, if such purchases are made, the public float of our shares of Common Stock or warrants may be reduced and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced, which may make it difficult to maintain or obtain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange. Our New Sponsor, officers, directors and/or their affiliates anticipate that they may identify the stockholders with whom our New Sponsor, officers, directors or their affiliates may pursue privately negotiated purchases by either the stockholders contacting us directly or by our receipt of redemption requests submitted by stockholders following our mailing of proxy materials in connection with our initial business combination. To the extent that our New Sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates enter into a private purchase, they would identify and contact only potential selling stockholders who have expressed their election to redeem their shares for a pro rata share of the Trust Account or vote against our initial business combination, whether or not such stockholder has already submitted a proxy with respect to our initial business combination. Our New Sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates will only purchase shares if such purchases comply with Regulation M under the Exchange Act and the other federal securities laws. Any purchases by our New Sponsor, officers, directors and/or their affiliates who are affiliated purchasers under Rule 10b-18 under the Exchange Act will only be made to the extent such purchases are able to be made in compliance with Rule 10b-18, which is a safe harbor from liability for manipulation under Section 9(a)(2) and Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act. Rule 10b-18 has certain technical requirements that must be complied with in order for the safe harbor to be available to the purchaser. Our New Sponsor, officers, directors and/or their affiliates will not make purchases of common stock if the purchases would violate Section 9(a)(2) or Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act. Any such purchases will be reported pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the extent such purchases are subject to such reporting requirements. Redemption Rights for Public Stockholders upon Completion of our Initial Business Combination We will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their shares of Common Stock upon the completion of our initial business combination at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account as of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial business combination including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to us to pay our franchise and income taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein. As of February 28, 2023, after redemptions of our public shares in connection with Charter Amendment on November 29, 2022, the amount in the Trust Account was approximately 19.1 million or approximately 10.32 per public share. The per-share amount we will distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions we will pay to the underwriters. Our New Sponsor, officers and directors have 
 12 

Table of Contents 
 entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and any public shares held by them in connection with the completion of our initial business combination. Manner of Conducting Redemptions We will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their shares of Common Stock upon the completion of our initial business combination either (i) in connection with a stockholder meeting called to approve the initial business combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether we will seek stockholder approval of a proposed initial business combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would require us to seek stockholder approval under the law or stock exchange listing requirement. Under Nasdaq rules, asset acquisitions and stock purchases would not typically require stockholder approval while direct mergers with our company where we do not survive and any transactions where we issue more than 20 of our outstanding common stock or seek to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation would require stockholder approval. If we structure an initial business combination with a target company in a manner that requires stockholder approval, we will not have discretion as to whether to seek a stockholder vote to approve the proposed initial business combination. We may conduct redemptions without a stockholder vote pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC unless stockholder approval is required by law or stock exchange listing requirements or we choose to seek stockholder approval for business or other legal reasons. So long as we obtain and maintain a listing for our securities on Nasdaq, we will be required to comply with such rules. If a stockholder vote is not required and we do not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other legal reasons, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation: conduct the redemptions pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, which regulate issuer tender offers, and file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination which contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies. 
 Upon the public announcement of our initial business combination, we or our New Sponsor will terminate any plan established in accordance with Rule 10b5-1 to purchase shares of our Class A common stock in the open market if we elect to redeem our public shares through a tender offer, to comply with Rule 14e-5 under the Exchange Act. In the event we conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, our offer to redeem will remain open for at least 20 business days, in accordance with Rule 14e-1(a) under the Exchange Act, and we will not be permitted to complete our initial business combination until the expiration of the tender offer period. In addition, the tender offer will be conditioned on public stockholders not tendering more than a specified number of public shares which are not purchased by our New Sponsor, which number will be based on the requirement that we may not redeem public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 both immediately prior to and upon consummation of our initial business combination and after payment of underwriters fees and commissions (so that we are not subject to the SEC s penny stock rules) or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement which may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial business combination. If public stockholders tender more shares than we have offered to purchase, we will withdraw the tender offer and not complete the initial business combination. If, however, stockholder approval of the transaction is required by law or stock exchange listing requirement, or we decide to obtain stockholder approval for business or other legal reasons, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation: conduct the redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies, and not pursuant to the tender offer rules, and file proxy materials with the SEC. 
 In the event that we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination, we will distribute proxy materials and, in connection therewith, provide our public stockholders with the redemption rights described above upon completion of the initial business combination. 
 13 

Table of Contents 
 If we seek stockholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock voted are voted in favor of the initial business combination. A quorum for such meeting will consist of the holders present in person or by proxy of shares of outstanding capital stock of the company representing a majority of the voting power of all outstanding shares of capital stock of the company entitled to vote at such meeting. Our initial stockholders will count toward this quorum and pursuant to the letter agreement, our New Sponsor, officers and directors have agreed to vote their founder shares and any public shares purchased during or after our Initial Public Offering (including in open market and privately negotiated transactions) in favor of our initial business combination. For purposes of seeking approval of the majority of our outstanding shares of common stock voted, non-votes will have no effect on the approval of our initial business combination once a quorum is obtained. The New Sponsor beneficially owns and is entitled to vote an aggregate of 2,581,500 shares or approximately 58.3 of the outstanding Company Common Stock. As a result, the Company does not need any public shares to be voted in favor of an initial business combination (assuming all outstanding shares are voted and our New Sponsor, officers, directors and their affiliates do not purchase any units after our offering) in order to have our initial business combination approved. We intend to give approximately 30 days (but not less than 10 days nor more than 60 days) prior written notice of any such meeting, if required, at which a vote shall be taken to approve our initial business combination. These quorum and voting thresholds, and the voting agreements of our initial stockholders, may make it more likely that we will consummate our initial business combination. Each public stockholder may elect to redeem its public shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 both immediately prior to and upon consummation of our initial business combination and after payment of underwriters fees and commissions (so that we are not subject to the SEC s penny stock rules) or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement which may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial business combination. For example, the proposed initial business combination may require: (i) cash consideration to be paid to the target or its owners, (ii) cash to be transferred to the target for working capital or other general corporate purposes or (iii) the retention of cash to satisfy other conditions in accordance with the terms of the proposed initial business combination. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all shares of Class A common stock that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed initial business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the initial business combination or redeem any shares, and all shares of Class A common stock submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof. Limitation on Redemption upon Completion of our Initial Business Combination if we Seek Stockholder Approval Notwithstanding the foregoing, if we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that a public stockholder, together with any affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from seeking redemption rights with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in our Initial Public Offering, which we refer to as the Excess Shares. Such restriction shall also be applicable to our affiliates. We believe this restriction will discourage stockholders from accumulating large blocks of shares, and subsequent attempts by such holders to use their ability to exercise their redemption rights against a proposed initial business combination as a means to force us or our management to purchase their shares at a significant premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. Absent this provision, a public stockholder holding more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in our Initial Public Offering could threaten to exercise its redemption rights if such holder s shares are not purchased by us or our management at a premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. By limiting our stockholders ability to redeem no more than 15 of the shares sold in our Initial Public Offering without our prior consent, we believe we will limit the ability of a small group of stockholders to unreasonably attempt to block our ability to complete our initial business combination, particularly in connection with an initial business combination with a target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. However, we would not be restricting our stockholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination. Tendering Stock Certificates in Connection with a Tender Offer or Redemption Rights We may require our public stockholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in street name, to either tender their certificates to our transfer agent prior to the date set forth in the tender offer documents or proxy materials mailed to such holders, or up to two business days prior to the vote on the proposal to approve the initial business combination in the event we distribute proxy materials, or to deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically using the Depository Trust Company s DWAC (Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian) System, at the holder s option. The tender offer or proxy materials, as applicable, that we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination will indicate whether we are requiring public stockholders to satisfy such delivery requirements. Accordingly, a public stockholder would have from the time 
 14 

Table of Contents 
 we send out our tender offer materials until the close of the tender offer period, or up to two days prior to the vote on the initial business combination if we distribute proxy materials, as applicable, to tender its shares if it wishes to seek to exercise its redemption rights. Given the relatively short exercise period, it is advisable for stockholders to use electronic delivery of their public shares. There is a nominal cost associated with the above-referenced tendering process and the act of certificating the shares or delivering them through the DWAC System. The transfer agent will typically charge the tendering broker and it would be up to the broker whether or not to pass this cost on to the redeeming holder. However, this fee would be incurred regardless of whether or not we require holders seeking to exercise redemption rights to tender their shares. The need to deliver shares is a requirement of exercising redemption rights regardless of the timing of when such delivery must be effectuated. The foregoing is different from the procedures used by many blank check companies. In order to perfect redemption rights in connection with their business combinations, many blank check companies would distribute proxy materials for the stockholders vote on an initial business combination, and a holder could simply vote against a proposed initial business combination and check a box on the proxy card indicating such holder was seeking to exercise his or her redemption rights. After the initial business combination was approved, the company would contact such stockholder to arrange for him or her to deliver his or her certificate to verify ownership. As a result, the stockholder then had an option window after the completion of the initial business combination during which he or she could monitor the price of the company s stock in the market. If the price rose above the redemption price, he or she could sell his or her shares in the open market before actually delivering his or her shares to the company for cancellation. As a result, the redemption rights, to which stockholders were aware they needed to commit before the stockholder meeting, would become option rights surviving past the completion of the initial business combination until the redeeming holder delivered its certificate. The requirement for physical or electronic delivery prior to the meeting ensures that a redeeming holder s election to redeem is irrevocable once the initial business combination is approved. Any request to redeem such shares, once made, may be withdrawn at any time up to the date set forth in the tender offer materials or the date of the stockholder meeting set forth in our proxy materials, as applicable. Furthermore, if a holder of a public share delivered its certificate in connection with an election of redemption rights and subsequently decides prior to the applicable date not to elect to exercise such rights, such holder may simply request that the transfer agent return the certificate (physically or electronically). It is anticipated that the funds to be distributed to holders of our public shares electing to redeem their shares will be distributed promptly after the completion of our initial business combination. If our initial business combination is not approved or completed for any reason, then our public stockholders who elected to exercise their redemption rights would not be entitled to redeem their shares for the applicable pro rata share of the Trust Account. In such case, we will promptly return any certificates delivered by public holders who elected to redeem their shares. If our initial proposed initial business combination is not completed, we may continue to try to complete an initial business combination with a different target until June 2, 2023. Redemption of Public Shares and Liquidation if no Initial Business Combination In a special meeting held on November 29, 2022, shareholders approved the Certificate of Amendment to the Company s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (the Charter Amendment ), changing the structure and cost of our right to extend the date (the Termination Date by which we must either (i) consummate a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination involving the Company and one or more businesses (a business combination ), or else (ii)(a) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (b) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the shares of Common Stock, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding shares of Common Stock, which redemption will completely extinguish Public Stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), and (c) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the remaining stockholders and the board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. In the meeting, shareholders further approved an amendment to the Company s investment management trust agreement (the Trust Agreement dated as of May 27, 2021, by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, allowing the Company to extend the business combination period. The Charter Amendment allows us to extend the Termination Date by up to six (6) one-month extensions to June 2, 2023 (each of which we refer to as an Extension , and such later date, the Extended Deadline ). To obtain each 1-month extension, our sponsor or any of their affiliates or designees must deposit into our Trust Account 125,000 for each such one-month extension until June 2, 2023 and the procedure relating to any such extension, as set forth in the Trust Agreement, must be complied with. In connection with the approval 
 15 

Table of Contents 
 of the Charter Amendment on November 29, 2022, holders of 8,477,497 of our public shares exercised their right to redeem those shares for a pro rata portion of the funds in the Trust Account for cash at an approximate price of 10.32 per share, for an aggregate of approximately 87.54 million, leaving 1,848,503 of our public shares outstanding, and the balance in Trust Account of 19.1 million after the November 29, 2022 shareholders meeting. Our New Sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have waived their rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any founder shares held by them if we fail to complete our initial business combination by June 2, 2023 from the closing of our Initial Public Offering. However, if our New Sponsor, officers or directors acquire public shares in or after our Initial Public Offering, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to such public shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination by June 2, 2023. Our New Sponsor, officers and directors have agreed, pursuant to a written agreement with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (i) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by June 2, 2023 or (ii) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity, unless we provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their shares of Common Stock upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to us to pay our franchise and income taxes divided by the number of then outstanding public shares. However, we may not redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 both immediately prior to and upon consummation of our initial business combination and after payment of underwriters fees and commissions (so that we are not subject to the SEC s penny stock rules). If this optional redemption right is exercised with respect to an excessive number of public shares such that we cannot satisfy the net tangible asset requirement (described above), we would not proceed with the amendment or the related redemption of our public shares at such time. We expect that all costs and expenses associated with implementing our plan of dissolution, as well as payments to any creditors, will be funded from amounts remaining out of the approximately 500,000 of proceeds held outside the Trust Account, although we cannot assure you that there will be sufficient funds for such purpose. We will depend on sufficient interest being earned on the proceeds held in the Trust Account to pay any franchise and income tax obligations we may owe. However, if those funds are not sufficient to cover the costs and expenses associated with implementing our plan of dissolution, to the extent that there is any interest accrued in the Trust Account not required to pay franchise and income taxes on interest income earned on the Trust Account balance, we may request the trustee to release to us an additional amount of up to 100,000 of such accrued interest to pay those costs and expenses. If we were to expend all of the net proceeds of our Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants, other than the proceeds deposited in the Trust Account, and without taking into account interest, if any, earned on the Trust Account, the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders upon our dissolution would be approximately 10.10. The proceeds deposited in the Trust Account could, however, become subject to the claims of our creditors which would have higher priority than the claims of our public stockholders. We cannot assure you that the actual per-share redemption amount received by stockholders will not be substantially less than 10.10. Under Section 281(b) of the DGCL, our plan of dissolution must provide for all claims against us to be paid in full or make provision for payments to be made in full, as applicable, if there are sufficient assets. These claims must be paid or provided for before we make any distribution of our remaining assets to our stockholders. While we intend to pay such amounts, if any, we cannot assure you that we will have funds sufficient to pay or provide for all creditors claims. Although we will seek to have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waive any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the Trust Account for the benefit of our public stockholders, there is no guarantee that they will execute such agreements or even if they execute such agreements that they would be prevented from bringing claims against the Trust Account including but not limited to fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain an advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the Trust Account. If any third party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the Trust Account, our management will perform an analysis of the alternatives available to it and will only enter into an agreement with a third party that has not executed a waiver if management believes that such third party s engagement would be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative. Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third party consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. Marcum LLP, our independent registered public accounting firm, Nelson Mullins Riley Scarborough, LLP, our principal legal counsel, and the underwriters of the offering, have not executed agreements with us waiving such claims to the monies held in the Trust Account. 
 16 

Table of Contents 
 In addition, there is no guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the Trust Account for any reason. Our New Sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third party for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target business with which we have entered into a written letter of intent, confidentiality or similar agreement or business combination agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account to below the lesser of (i) 10.10 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account, if less than 10.10 per share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, less taxes payable, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third party or prospective target business who executed a waiver of any and all rights to the monies held in the Trust Account (whether or not such waiver is enforceable) nor will it apply to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of our Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. However, we have not asked our New Sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor have we independently verified whether our New Sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and believe that our sponsor has no material assets. Therefore, we cannot assure you that our New Sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. None of our officers or directors will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. In the event that the proceeds in the Trust Account are reduced below (i) 10.10 per public share or (ii) such lesser amount per public share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account, due to reductions in value of the trust assets, in each case net of the amount of interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes, and our New Sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its indemnification obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take legal action against our New Sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf against our New Sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment may choose not to do so if, for example, the cost of such legal action is deemed by the independent directors to be too high relative to the amount recoverable or if the independent directors determine that a favorable outcome is not likely. We have not asked our New Sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations and we cannot assure you that our New Sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. Accordingly, we cannot assure you that due to claims of creditors the actual value of the per-share redemption price will not be less than 10.10 per public share. We will seek to reduce the possibility that our New Sponsor will have to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account. Our New Sponsor will also not be liable as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of our Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. We will have access to up to approximately 500,000 from the proceeds of our Initial Public Offering with which to pay any such potential claims (including costs and expenses incurred in connection with our liquidation, currently estimated to be no more than approximately 100,000). In the event that we liquidate and it is subsequently determined that the reserve for claims and liabilities is insufficient, stockholders who received funds from our Trust Account could be liable for claims made by creditors. In the event that our offering expenses exceed our estimate of 1,071,000, we may fund such excess with funds from the funds not to be held in the Trust Account. In such case, the amount of funds we intend to be held outside the Trust Account would decrease by a corresponding amount. Conversely, in the event that the offering expenses are less than our estimate of 1,071,000, the amount of funds we intend to be held outside the Trust Account would increase by a corresponding amount. Under the DGCL, stockholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against a corporation to the extent of distributions received by them in a dissolution. The pro rata portion of our Trust Account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our public shares in the event we do not complete our initial business combination by June 2, 2023 may be considered a liquidating distribution under Delaware law. If the corporation complies with certain procedures set forth in Section 280 of the DGCL intended to ensure that it makes reasonable provision for all claims against it, including a 60-day notice period during which any third-party claims can be brought against the corporation, a 90-day period during which the corporation may reject any claims brought, and an additional 150-day waiting period before any liquidating distributions are made to stockholders, any liability of stockholders with respect to a liquidating distribution is limited to the lesser of such stockholder s pro rata share of the claim or the amount distributed to the stockholder, and any liability of the stockholder would be barred after the third anniversary of the dissolution. Furthermore, if the pro rata portion of our Trust Account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our public shares in the event we do not complete our initial business combination by June 2, 2023, is not considered a liquidating distribution under Delaware law and such redemption distribution is deemed to be unlawful (potentially due to the imposition of legal proceedings that a party may bring or due to other circumstances that are currently unknown), then pursuant to Section 174 of the DGCL, the statute of limitations for claims of creditors could then be six years after the unlawful redemption distribution, instead of three years, as in the case of a liquidating distribution. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination by June 2, 2023, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account 
 17 

Table of Contents 
 including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to us to pay our franchise and income taxes (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. Accordingly, it is our intention to redeem our public shares as soon as reasonably possible following June 2, 2023 and, therefore, we do not intend to comply with those procedures. As such, our stockholders could potentially be liable for any claims to the extent of distributions received by them (but no more) and any liability of our stockholders may extend well beyond the third anniversary of such date. Because we will not be complying with Section 280, Section 281(b) of the DGCL requires us to adopt a plan, based on facts known to us at such time that will provide for our payment of all existing and pending claims or claims that may be potentially brought against us within the subsequent 10 years. However, because we are a blank check company, rather than an operating company, and our operations will be limited to searching for prospective target businesses to acquire, the only likely claims to arise would be from our vendors (such as lawyers, investment bankers, etc.) or prospective target businesses. As described above, pursuant to the obligation contained in our underwriting agreement, we will seek to have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the Trust Account. As a result of this obligation, the claims that could be made against us are significantly limited and the likelihood that any claim that would result in any liability extending to the Trust Account is remote. Further, our New Sponsor may be liable only to the extent necessary to ensure that the amounts in the Trust Account are not reduced below (i) 10.10 per public share or (ii) such lesser amount per public share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account, due to reductions in value of the trust assets, in each case net of the amount of interest withdrawn to pay taxes and will not be liable as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of our Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. In the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, our New Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. If we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the Trust Account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our stockholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the Trust Account, we cannot assure you we will be able to return 10.10 per share to our public stockholders. Additionally, if we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by stockholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy laws as either a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. As a result, a bankruptcy court could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our stockholders. Furthermore, our board of directors may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, thereby exposing itself and our company to claims of punitive damages, by paying public stockholders from the Trust Account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. We cannot assure you that claims will not be brought against us for these reasons. Our public stockholders will be entitled to receive funds from the Trust Account only upon the earlier to occur of: (i) the completion of our initial business combination, (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly tendered in connection with a stockholder vote to amend any provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by June 2, 2023 or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity, and (iii) the redemption of all of our public shares if we are unable to complete our business combination by June 2, 2023, subject to applicable law. In no other circumstances will a stockholder have any right or interest of any kind to or in the Trust Account. In the event we seek stockholder approval in connection with our initial business combination, a stockholder s voting in connection with the initial business combination alone will not result in a stockholder s tendering of its shares to us for redemption for an applicable pro rata share of the Trust Account. Such stockholder must have also exercised its redemption rights as described above. These provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, like all provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, may be amended with a stockholder vote. Competition In identifying, evaluating and selecting a target business for our initial business combination, we may encounter competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including other blank check companies, private equity groups and leveraged buyout funds, and operating businesses seeking strategic business combinations. Many of these entities are well established and have extensive experience identifying and effecting business combinations directly or through affiliates. Moreover, many of these competitors possess greater financial, technical, human and other resources than we do. Our ability to acquire larger target businesses will be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent limitation may give others with greater resources an advantage in pursuing the initial business combination of a target business. Furthermore, our obligation to pay cash in connection with our public stockholders who exercise their 
 18 

Table of Contents 
 redemption rights may reduce the resources available to us for our initial business combination and our outstanding warrants, and the future dilution they potentially represent, may not be viewed favorably by certain target businesses. Either of these factors may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating an initial business combination. Facilities Our executive offices are located at 515 Madison Avenue, 8th Floor, Suite 8133, New York, NY 10022, and our telephone number is (929) 412-1272. Our executive offices are provided to us by an affiliate of our New Sponsor at no cost to us. We consider our current office space adequate for our current operations. Employees We currently have two officers. These individuals are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters but they intend to devote as much of their time as they deem necessary to our affairs until we have completed our initial business combination. The amount of time they will devote in any time period will vary based on whether a target business has been selected for our initial business combination and the stage of the initial business combination process we are in. We do not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination. Periodic Reporting and Financial Information Our internet address is https://oceantechspac.com, to which we regularly post copies of our press releases as well as additional information about us. Our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and all amendments to those reports, are available to you free of charge through the Investor Relations section of our website as soon as reasonably practicable after such materials have been electronically filed with, or furnished to, the Securities and Exchange Commission. The Securities and Exchange Commission maintains an internet site (http://www.sec.gov) that contains reports, proxy and information 17 statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We include our web site address in this Annual Report on Form 10-K only as an inactive textual reference. Information contained in our website does not constitute a part of this report or our other filings with the SEC. 
 19 

Table of Contents 
 Item 1A. RISK FACTORS SUMMARY RISK FACTORS We are a newly formed company that has conducted no operations and has generated no revenues. Until we complete our initial business combination, we will have no operations and will generate no operating revenues. In making your decision whether to invest in our Common Stock, you should take into account not only the background of our management team, but also the special risks we face as a blank check company. You should carefully consider these and the other risks set forth below. Such risks include, but are not limited to: We are a blank check company incorporated in Delaware on February 3, 2021 with a limited operating history and no revenues, and you have limited on which to evaluate are ability to achieve our business objective. Our independent registered public accounting firm s report contains an explanatory paragraph that expresses substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. Our public stockholders may not be afforded an opportunity to vote on our proposed initial business combination, which means we may complete our initial business combination even though a majority of our public stockholders do not support such a combination. If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination, our initial stockholders have agreed to vote in favor of such initial business combination, regardless of how our public stockholders vote. Your only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination will be limited to the exercise of your right to redeem your shares from us for cash, unless we seek stockholder approval of the initial business combination. The ability of our public stockholders to redeem their shares for cash may make our financial condition unattractive to potential business combination targets. The ability of our public stockholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares may not allow us to complete the most desirable business combination or optimize our capital structure. The ability of our public stockholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares could increase the probability that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful and that you would have to wait for liquidation in order to redeem your stock. The requirement that we complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame may give potential target businesses leverage over us in negotiating an initial business combination and may decrease our ability to conduct due diligence on potential business combination targets as we approach our dissolution deadline, which could undermine our ability to complete our initial business combination on terms that would produce value for our stockholders. We may not be able to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame, in which case we would cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up and we would redeem our public shares and liquidate. If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination, our New Sponsor, directors, officers, advisors and their affiliates may elect to purchase shares from public stockholders, which may influence a vote on a proposed initial business combination and reduce the public float of our Common Stock. If a stockholder fails to receive notice of our offer to redeem our public shares in connection with our initial business combination, or fails to comply with the procedures for tendering its shares, such shares may not be redeemed. We may engage in an initial business combination with one or more target businesses that have relationships with entities that may be affiliated with our New Sponsor, officers, directors or existing holders which may raise potential conflicts of interest. You will not have any rights or interests in funds from the Trust Account , except under certain limited circumstances. To liquidate your investment, therefore, you may be forced to sell your public shares, potentially at a loss. We may only be able to complete one business combination with the proceeds of our Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants, which will cause us to be solely dependent on a single business which may have a limited number 
 20 

Table of Contents 
 of services and limited operating activities. This lack of diversification may negatively impact our operating results and profitability. Our officers and directors will allocate their time to other businesses thereby causing conflicts of interest in their determination as to how much time to devote to our affairs. This conflict of interest could have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial business combination. Certain of our officers and directors are now, and all of them may in the future become, affiliated with entities engaged in business activities similar to those intended to be conducted by us and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in allocating their time and determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. Provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and Delaware law may inhibit a takeover of us, which could limit the price investors might be willing to pay in the future for our Common Stock and could entrench management. The banking crisis could make it more difficult to raise capital in connection with the closing of any initial business combination. 
 Risks Relating to Searching for and Consummating a Business Combination. Our independent registered public accounting firm s report contains an explanatory paragraph that expresses substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. As of December 31, 2022, we had 35,806 in cash and working capital deficit of 2,209,084. Further, we expect to incur significant costs in pursuit of our acquisition plans. Our plans to raise capital and to consummate our initial business combination may not be successful. In addition, management is currently evaluating the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the industry and its effect on our financial position, results its operations and/or search for a target company. These factors, among others, raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. Our search for a business combination, and any target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected by the recent coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic. The COVID-19 pandemic has resulted in a widespread health crisis that has adversely affected the economies and financial markets worldwide, and the business of any potential target business with which we consummate a business combination could be materially and adversely affected. Furthermore, we may be unable to complete a business combination if continued concerns relating to COVID-19 restrict travel, limit the ability to have meetings with potential investors or the target company s personnel, vendors and services providers are unavailable to negotiate and consummate a transaction in a timely manner. The extent to which COVID-19 impacts our search for a business combination will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including new information which may emerge concerning the severity of COVID-19 and the actions to contain COVID-19 or treat its impact, among others. If the disruptions posed by COVID-19 or other matters of global concern continue for an extensive period of time, our ability to consummate a business combination, or the operations of a target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected. We are a newly formed company with no operating history and no revenues, and you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective. We are a blank check company with limited operating results, and we will not commence operations until obtaining funding through our Initial Public Offering. Because we lack an operating history, you have no basis upon which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective of completing our initial business combination with one or more target businesses. We have no plans, arrangements or understandings with any prospective target business concerning an initial business combination and may be unable to complete our initial business combination. If we fail to complete our initial business combination, we will never generate any operating revenues. Our public stockholders may not be afforded an opportunity to vote on our proposed initial business combination, which means we may complete our initial business combination even though a majority of our public stockholders do not support such a combination. We may choose not to hold a stockholder vote to approve our initial business combination unless the initial business combination would require stockholder approval under applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements or if we decide to hold a stockholder vote for 
 21 

Table of Contents 
 business or other legal reasons. Except as required by law, the decision as to whether we will seek stockholder approval of a proposed initial business combination or will allow stockholders to sell their shares to us in a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors, such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would otherwise require us to seek stockholder approval. Accordingly, we may complete our initial business combination even if holders of a majority of our public shares do not approve of the initial business combination we complete. If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination, our initial stockholders have agreed to vote in favor of such initial business combination, regardless of how our public stockholders vote. Pursuant to the letter agreement, our New Sponsor, officers and directors have agreed to vote their founder shares, as well as any public shares purchased during or after the offering (including in open market and privately negotiated transactions), in favor of our initial business combination. The New Sponsor beneficially owns and is entitled to vote an aggregate of 2,581,500 shares or approximately 58.3 of the outstanding Company Common Stock. As a result, the Company does not need any public shares (assuming all outstanding shares are voted and our New Sponsor, officers, directors and their affiliates do not purchase any Units after our Initial Public Offering) in order to have our initial business combination approved. Our initial stockholders own shares representing 20 of our outstanding shares of common stock immediately following the completion of the offering (not including the shares of Common Stock issuable to Maxim). Accordingly, if we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination, the agreement by our initial stockholders to vote in favor of our initial business combination will increase the likelihood that we will receive the requisite stockholder approval for such initial business combination. Your only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination will be limited to the exercise of your right to redeem your shares from us for cash, unless we seek stockholder approval of the initial business combination. At the time of your investment in us, you will not be provided with an opportunity to evaluate the specific merits or risks of our initial business combination. Since our board of directors may complete an initial business combination without seeking stockholder approval, public stockholders may not have the right or opportunity to vote on the initial business combination, unless we seek such stockholder vote. Accordingly, if we do not seek stockholder approval, your only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination may be limited to exercising your redemption rights within the period of time (which will be at least 20 business days) set forth in our tender offer documents mailed to our public stockholders in which we describe our initial business combination. The ability of our public stockholders to redeem their shares for cash may make our financial condition unattractive to potential business combination targets, which may make it difficult for us to enter into an initial business combination with a target. We may seek to enter into an initial business combination agreement with a prospective target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. If too many public stockholders exercise their redemption rights, we would not be able to meet such closing condition and, as a result, would not be able to proceed with the initial business combination. Furthermore, in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 both immediately prior to and upon consummation of our initial business combination and after payment of underwriters fees and commissions (so that we are not subject to the SEC s penny stock rules) or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement which may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial business combination. Consequently, if accepting all properly submitted redemption requests would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 both immediately prior to and upon consummation of our initial business combination and after payment of underwriters fees and commissions or such greater amount necessary to satisfy a closing condition as described above, we would not proceed with such redemption and the related business combination and may instead search for an alternate business combination. Prospective targets will be aware of these risks and, thus, may be reluctant to enter into an initial business combination with us. The ability of our public stockholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares may not allow us to complete the most desirable business combination or optimize our capital structure. At the time we enter into an agreement for our initial business combination, we will not know how many stockholders may exercise their redemption rights, and therefore will need to structure the transaction based on our expectations as to the number of shares that will be submitted for redemption. If our initial business combination agreement requires us to use a portion of the cash in the Trust Account to pay the purchase price, or requires us to have a minimum amount of cash at closing, we will need to reserve a portion of the cash in the Trust Account to meet such requirements, or arrange for third-party financing. In addition, if a larger number of shares are submitted for redemption than we initially expected, we may need to restructure the transaction to reserve a greater portion of the cash in the Trust Account or arrange for third-party financing. Raising additional third-party financing may involve dilutive equity issuances 
 22 

Table of Contents 
 or the incurrence of indebtedness at higher than desirable levels. Furthermore, this dilution would increase to the extent that the anti-dilution provision of the Class B common stock result in the issuance of Class A shares on a greater than one-to-one basis upon conversion of the Class B common stock at the time of our business combination. The above considerations may limit our ability to complete the most desirable business combination available to us or optimize our capital structure. The amount of the deferred underwriting commissions payable to the underwriters will not be adjusted for any shares that are redeemed in connection with an initial business combination. The per-share amount we will distribute to stockholders who properly exercise their redemption rights will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commission and after such redemptions, the per-share value of shares held by non-redeeming stockholders will reflect our obligation to pay the deferred underwriting commissions. The ability of our public stockholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares could increase the probability that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful and that you would have to wait for liquidation in order to redeem your stock. If our initial business combination agreement requires us to use a portion of the cash in the Trust Account to pay the purchase price, or requires us to have a minimum amount of cash at closing, the probability that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful is increased. If our initial business combination is unsuccessful, you would not receive your pro rata portion of the Trust Account until we liquidate the Trust Account. If you are in need of immediate liquidity, you could attempt to sell your stock in the open market; however, at such time our stock may trade at a discount to the pro rata amount per share in the Trust Account. In either situation, you may suffer a material loss on your investment or lose the benefit of funds expected in connection with our redemption until we liquidate or you are able to sell your stock in the open market. We have a total of up to 18 months from the closing of our Initial Public Offering to consummate a business combination without submitting such proposed extension to our stockholders for approval or offering our public stockholders redemption rights in connection therewith. In a special meeting held on November 29, 2022, shareholders approved the Certificate of Amendment to the Company s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (the Charter Amendment ), changing the structure and cost of our right to extend the date (the Termination Date by which we must either (i) consummate a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination involving the Company and one or more businesses (a business combination ), or else (ii)(a) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (b) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the shares of Common Stock, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding shares of Common Stock, which redemption will completely extinguish Public Stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), and (c) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the remaining stockholders and the board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. In the meeting, shareholders further approved an amendment to the Company s investment management trust agreement (the Trust Agreement dated as of May 27, 2021, by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, allowing the Company to extend the business combination period. The requirement that we complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame may give potential target businesses leverage over us in negotiating an initial business combination and may decrease our ability to conduct due diligence on potential business combination targets as we approach our dissolution deadline, which could undermine our ability to complete our initial business combination on terms that would produce value for our stockholders. Any potential target business with which we enter into negotiations concerning an initial business combination will be aware that we must complete our initial business combination by June 2, 2023 from the closing of our Initial Public Offering. Consequently, such target business may obtain leverage over us in negotiating an initial business combination, knowing that if we do not complete our initial business combination with that particular target business, we may be unable to complete our initial business combination with any target business. This risk will increase as we get closer to the timeframe described above. In addition, we may have limited time to conduct due diligence and may enter into our initial business combination on terms that we would have rejected upon a more comprehensive investigation. 
 23 

Table of Contents 
 We may not be able to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame, in which case we would cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up and we would redeem our public shares and liquidate, in which case our public stockholders may only receive 10.10 per share, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, and our warrants will expire worthless. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that we must complete our initial business combination by June 2, 2023 from the closing of our Initial Public Offering. We may not be able to find a suitable target business and complete our initial business combination within such time period. If we have not completed our initial business combination within such time period, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to us to pay our franchise and income taxes (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. In such case, our public stockholders may only receive 10.10 per share, and our warrants will expire worthless. In certain circumstances, our public stockholders may receive less than 10.10 per share on the redemption of their shares. See - If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the Trust Account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than 10.10 per share and other risk factors below. If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination, our New Sponsor, directors, officers, advisors and their affiliates may elect to purchase shares or warrants from public stockholders, which may influence a vote on a proposed initial business combination and reduce the public float of our Common Stock. If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our New Sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase shares or public warrants or a combination thereof in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our initial business combination, although they are under no obligation to do so. However, they have no current commitments, plans or intentions to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions. None of the funds in the Trust Account will be used to purchase shares or public warrants in such transactions. Such a purchase may include a contractual acknowledgement that such stockholder, although still the record holder of our shares is no longer the beneficial owner thereof and therefore agrees not to exercise its redemption rights. In the event that our New Sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions from public stockholders who have already elected to exercise their redemption rights, such selling stockholders would be required to revoke their prior elections to redeem their shares. The purpose of such purchases could be to vote such shares in favor of the initial business combination and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining stockholder approval of the initial business combination, or to satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our initial business combination, where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. The purpose of any such purchases of public warrants could be to reduce the number of public warrants outstanding or to vote such warrants on any matters submitted to the warrant holders for approval in connection with our initial business combination. Any such purchases of our securities may result in the completion of our initial business combination that may not otherwise have been possible. Any such purchases will be reported pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the extent such purchasers are subject to such reporting requirements. In addition, if such purchases are made, the public float of our Common Stock or public warrants and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced, possibly making it difficult to obtain or maintain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange. Changes in the market for directors and officers liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate and complete an initial business combination. In recent months, the market for directors and officers liability insurance for special purpose acquisition companies has changed. Fewer insurance companies are offering quotes for directors and officers liability coverage, the premiums charged for such policies have generally increased and the terms of such policies have generally become less favorable. There can be no assurance that these trends will not continue. 
 24 

Table of Contents 
 The increased cost and decreased availability of directors and officers liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate an initial business combination. In order to obtain directors and officers liability insurance or modify its coverage as a result of becoming a public company, the post-business combination entity might need to incur greater expense, accept less favorable terms or both. However, any failure to obtain adequate directors and officers liability insurance could have an adverse impact on the post-business combination s ability to attract and retain qualified officers and directors. In addition, even after we were to complete an initial business combination, our directors and officers could still be subject to potential liability from claims arising from conduct alleged to have occurred prior to the initial business combination. As a result, in order to protect our directors and officers, the post-business combination entity may need to purchase additional insurance with respect to any such claims run-off insurance ). The need for run-off insurance would be an added expense for the post-business combination entity, and could interfere with or frustrate our ability to consummate an initial business combination on terms favorable to our investors. As the number of special purpose acquisition companies evaluating targets increases, attractive targets may become scarcer and there may be more competition for attractive targets. This could increase the cost of our initial business combination and could even result in our inability to find a target or to consummate an initial business combination. In recent years, the number of special purpose acquisition companies that have been formed has increased substantially. Many potential targets for special purpose acquisition companies have already entered into an initial business combination, and there are still many special purpose acquisition companies seeking targets for their initial business combination, as well as many such companies currently in registration. As a result, at times, fewer attractive targets may be available, and it may require more time, more effort and more resources to identify a suitable target and to consummate an initial business combination. In addition, because there are more special purpose acquisition companies seeking to enter into an initial business combination with available targets, the competition for available targets with attractive fundamentals or business models may increase, which could cause targets companies to demand improved financial terms. Attractive deals could also become scarcer for other reasons, such as economic or industry sector downturns, geopolitical tensions, or increases in the cost of additional capital needed to close business combinations or operate targets post-business combination. This could increase the cost of, delay or otherwise complicate or frustrate our ability to find and consummate an initial business combination, and may result in our inability to consummate an initial business combination on terms favorable to our investors altogether. If we are unable to consummate an initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only 10.10 per public share, or less than 10.10 per public share, on the redemption of their shares, our detachable redeemable warrants will expire worthless and no distributable redeemable warrants will have been distributed. Risks Relating to our Securities. If a stockholder fails to receive notice of our offer to redeem our public shares in connection with our initial business combination, or fails to comply with the procedures for tendering its shares, such shares may not be redeemed. We will comply with the tender offer rules or proxy rules, as applicable, when conducting redemptions in connection with our initial business combination. Despite our compliance with these rules, if a stockholder fails to receive our tender offer or proxy materials, as applicable, such stockholder may not become aware of the opportunity to redeem its shares. In addition, proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable, that we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination will describe the various procedures that must be complied with in order to validly tender or redeem public shares. For example, we may require our public stockholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in street name, to either tender their certificates to our transfer agent prior to the date set forth in the tender offer documents mailed to such holders, or up to two business days prior to the vote on the proposal to approve the initial business combination in the event we distribute proxy materials, or to deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically. In the event that a stockholder fails to comply with these or any other procedures, its shares may not be redeemed. You will not have any rights or interests in funds from the Trust Account, except under certain limited circumstances. To liquidate your investment, therefore, you may be forced to sell your public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss. Our public stockholders will be entitled to receive funds from the Trust Account only upon the earliest to occur of: (i) our completion of an initial business combination, and then only in connection with those shares of Common Stock that such stockholder properly elected to redeem, subject to the limitations described herein, (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly submitted in connection with a stockholder vote to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by June 2, 2023 from the closing of our Initial Public Offering or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial business combination 
 25 

Table of Contents 
 activity and (iii) the redemption of our public shares if we are unable to complete an initial business combination by June 2, 2023 from the closing of our Initial Public Offering, subject to applicable law and as further described herein. In no other circumstances will a public stockholder have any right or interest of any kind in the Trust Account. Holders of warrants will not have any right to the proceeds held in the Trust Account with respect to the warrants. Accordingly, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to sell your public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss. Nasdaq may delist our securities from trading on its exchange, which could limit investors ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us to additional trading restrictions. Our securities are listed on Nasdaq. Although after giving effect to our Initial Public Offering we expect to meet, on a pro forma basis, the minimum initial listing standards set forth in the Nasdaq listing standards, we cannot assure you that our securities will continue to be, listed on Nasdaq in the future or prior to our initial business combination. In order to continue listing our securities on Nasdaq prior to our initial business combination, we must maintain certain financial, distribution and stock price levels. Generally, we must maintain a minimum amount in stockholders equity (generally 2,500,000) and a minimum number of holders of our securities (generally 300 public holders). Additionally, in connection with our initial business combination, we will be required to demonstrate compliance with Nasdaq s initial listing requirements, which are more rigorous than Nasdaq s continued listing requirements, in order to continue to maintain the listing of our securities on Nasdaq. For instance, our stock price would generally be required to be at least 4.00 per share, our stockholders equity would generally be required to be at least 5.0 million and we would be required to have a minimum of 300 round lot holders of our securities. We cannot assure you that we will be able to meet those initial listing requirements at that time. If Nasdaq delists our securities from trading on its exchange and we are not able to list our securities on another national securities exchange, we expect our securities could be quoted on an over-the-counter market. If this were to occur, we could face significant material adverse consequences, including: a limited availability of market quotations for our securities; reduced liquidity for our securities; a determination that our Common Stock is a penny stock which will require brokers trading in our Common Stock to adhere to more stringent rules and possibly result in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading market for our securities; a limited amount of news and analyst coverage; and a decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future. 
 The National Securities Markets Improvement Act of 1996, which is a federal statute, prevents or preempts the states from regulating the sale of certain securities, which are referred to as covered securities. Because we expect that our Units and eventually our Common Stock and warrants will be listed on Nasdaq, our Units, Common Stock and warrants will be covered securities. Although the states are preempted from regulating the sale of our securities, the federal statute does allow the states to investigate companies if there is a suspicion of fraud, and, if there is a finding of fraudulent activity, then the states can regulate or bar the sale of covered securities in a particular case. While we are not aware of a state having used these powers to prohibit or restrict the sale of securities issued by blank check companies, other than the State of Idaho, certain state securities regulators view blank check companies unfavorably and might use these powers, or threaten to use these powers, to hinder the sale of securities of blank check companies in their states. Further, if we were no longer listed on Nasdaq, our securities would not be covered securities and we would be subject to regulation in each state in which we offer our securities, including in connection with our initial business combination. You will not be entitled to protections normally afforded to investors of many other blank check companies. Since the net proceeds of our Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants are intended to be used to complete an initial business combination with a target business that has not been identified, we may be deemed to be a blank check company under the United States securities laws. However, because we will have net tangible assets in excess of 5,000,000 upon the successful completion of our Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants and will file a Current Report on Form 8-K, including an audited balance sheet demonstrating this fact, we are exempt from rules promulgated by the SEC to protect investors in blank check companies, such as Rule 419. Accordingly, investors will not be afforded the benefits or protections of those rules. Among other things, this means our Units will be immediately tradable and we will have a longer period of time to complete our initial business 
 26 

Table of Contents 
 combination than do companies subject to Rule 419. Moreover, if our Initial Public Offering were subject to Rule 419, that rule would prohibit the release of any interest earned on funds held in the Trust Account to us unless and until the funds in the Trust Account were released to us in connection with our completion of an initial business combination. If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, and if you or a group of stockholders are deemed to hold in excess of 15 of our Common Stock, you will lose the ability to redeem all such shares in excess of 15 of our Common Stock. If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that a public stockholder, together with any affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from seeking redemption rights with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in our Initial Public Offering without our prior consent, which we refer to as the Excess Shares. However, we would not be restricting our stockholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination. Your inability to redeem the Excess Shares will reduce your influence over our ability to complete our initial business combination and you could suffer a material loss on your investment in us if you sell Excess Shares in open market transactions. Additionally, you will not receive redemption distributions with respect to the Excess Shares if we complete our initial business combination. And as a result, you will continue to hold that number of shares exceeding 15 and, in order to dispose of such shares, would be required to sell your stock in open market transactions, potentially at a loss. Because of our limited resources and the significant competition for business combination opportunities, it may be more difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only approximately 10.10 per share on our redemption of our public shares, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, and our warrants will expire worthless. We expect to encounter intense competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including private investors (which may be individuals or investment partnerships), other blank check companies and other entities competing for the types of businesses we intend to acquire. Many of these individuals and entities are well-established and have extensive experience in identifying and effecting, directly or indirectly, acquisitions of companies operating in or providing services to various industries. Many of these competitors possess greater technical, human and other resources or more industry knowledge than we do, and our financial resources will be relatively limited when contrasted with those of many of these competitors. While we believe there are numerous target businesses we could potentially acquire with the net proceeds of our Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants, our ability to compete with respect to the acquisition of certain target businesses that are sizable will be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent competitive limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of certain target businesses. Furthermore, because we are obligated to pay cash for the shares of Common Stock which our public stockholders redeem in connection with our initial business combination, target companies will be aware that this may reduce the resources available to us for our initial business combination. This may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating an initial business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only approximately 10.10 per share on the liquidation of our Trust Account and our warrants will expire worthless. In certain circumstances, our public stockholders may receive less than 10.10 per share upon our liquidation. If the net proceeds of our Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants not being held in the Trust Account are insufficient to allow us to operate by June 2, 2023 to consummate a business combination, we may be unable to complete our initial business combination, in which case our public stockholders may only receive 10.10 per share, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, and our warrants will expire worthless. The funds available to us outside of the Trust Account may not be sufficient to allow us to operate by June 2, 2023 to consummate a business combination, assuming that our initial business combination is not completed during that time. We believe that the funds available to us outside of the Trust Account will be sufficient to allow us to operate by June 2, 2023 to consummate a business combination; however, we cannot assure you that our estimate is accurate. Of the funds available to us, we could use a portion of the funds available to us to pay fees to consultants to assist us with our search for a target business. We could also use a portion of the funds as a down payment or to fund a no-shop provision (a provision in letters of intent or merger agreements designed to keep target businesses from shopping around for transactions with other companies on terms more favorable to such target businesses) with respect to a particular proposed initial business combination, although we do not have any current intention to do so. If we entered into a letter of intent or merger agreement where we paid for the right to receive exclusivity from a target business and were subsequently required to forfeit such funds (whether as a result of our breach or otherwise), we might not have sufficient funds to continue searching for, or conduct due diligence with respect to, a target business. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public 
 27 

Table of Contents 
 stockholders may receive only approximately 10.10 per share on the liquidation of our Trust Account and our warrants will expire worthless. In certain circumstances, our public stockholders may receive less than 10.10 per share upon our liquidation. If the net proceeds of our Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants not being held in the Trust Account are insufficient, it could limit the amount available to fund our search for a target business or businesses and complete our initial business combination and we will depend on loans from our New Sponsor or management team to fund our search for an initial business combination, to pay our franchise and income taxes and to complete our initial business combination. If we are unable to obtain these loans, we may be unable to complete our initial business combination. Of the net proceeds of our Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants, only approximately 500,000 will be available to us initially outside the Trust Account to fund our working capital requirements. In the event that our offering expenses exceed our estimate of 1,071,000, we may fund such excess with funds not to be held in the Trust Account. In such case, the amount of funds we intend to be held outside the Trust Account would decrease by a corresponding amount. The amount held in the Trust Account will not be impacted as a result of such increase or decrease. Conversely, in the event that the offering expenses are less than our estimate of 1,071,000, the amount of funds we intend to be held outside the Trust Account would increase by a corresponding amount. If we are required to seek additional capital, we would need to borrow funds from our New Sponsor, management team or other third parties to operate or may be forced to liquidate. None of our New Sponsor, members of our management team nor any of their affiliates is under any obligation to advance funds to us in such circumstances. Any such advances would be repaid only from funds held outside the Trust Account or from funds released to us upon completion of our initial business combination. Up to 1,500,000 of such working capital loans may be convertible into private placement-equivalent warrants at a price of 1.00 per warrant (which, for example, would result in the holders being issued 1,500,000 warrants if 1,500,000 of notes were so converted), at the option of the lender. Prior to the completion of our initial business combination, we do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our New Sponsor or an affiliate of our New Sponsor as we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our Trust Account. If we are unable to obtain these loans, we may be unable to complete our initial business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination because we do not have sufficient funds available to us, we will be forced to cease operations and liquidate the Trust Account. Consequently, our public stockholders may only receive approximately 10.10 per share on our redemption of our public shares, and our warrants will expire worthless. In certain circumstances, our public stockholders may receive less than 10.10 per share on the redemption of their shares. Subsequent to the completion of our initial business combination, we may be required to take write-downs or write-offs, restructuring and impairment or other charges that could have a significant negative effect on our financial condition, results of operations and our stock price, which could cause you to lose some or all of your investment. Even if we conduct extensive due diligence on a target business with which we combine, we cannot assure you that this diligence will surface all material issues that may be present inside a particular target business, that it would be possible to uncover all material issues through a customary amount of due diligence, or that factors outside of the target business and outside of our control will not later arise. As a result of these factors, we may be forced to later write-down or write-off assets, restructure our operations, or incur impairment or other charges that could result in our reporting losses. Even if our due diligence successfully identifies certain risks, unexpected risks may arise and previously known risks may materialize in a manner not consistent with our preliminary risk analysis. Even though these charges may be non-cash items and not have an immediate impact on our liquidity, the fact that we report charges of this nature could contribute to negative market perceptions about us or our securities. In addition, charges of this nature may cause us to violate net worth or other covenants to which we may be subject as a result of assuming pre-existing debt held by a target business or by virtue of our obtaining debt financing to partially finance the initial business combination. Accordingly, any stockholders who choose to remain stockholders following the initial business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their shares. Such stockholders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value unless they are able to successfully claim that the reduction was due to the breach by our officers or directors of a duty of care or other fiduciary duty owed to them, or if they are able to successfully bring a private claim under securities laws that the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, relating to the initial business combination constituted an actionable material misstatement or omission. If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the Trust Account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than 10.10 per share. Our placing of funds in the Trust Account may not protect those funds from third-party claims against us. Although we will seek to have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses and other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the Trust Account for the benefit of our public stockholders, such parties may not execute such agreements, or even if they execute such agreements they may not be prevented from bringing claims against the Trust Account, including, but not limited to, fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or 
 28 

Table of Contents 
 other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the Trust Account. If any third party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the Trust Account, our management will perform an analysis of the alternatives available to it and will only enter into an agreement with a third party that has not executed a waiver if management believes that such third party s engagement would be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative. Marcum LLP, our independent registered public accounting firm, Nelson Mullins Riley Scarborough, LLP, our principal legal counsel, and the underwriters of the Initial Public Offering, will not execute agreements with us waiving such claims to the monies held in the Trust Account. Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third-party consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. In addition, there is no guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the Trust Account for any reason. Upon redemption of our public shares, if we are unable to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed timeframe, or upon the exercise of a redemption right in connection with our initial business combination, we will be required to provide for payment of claims of creditors that were not waived that may be brought against us within the 10 years following redemption. Accordingly, the per-share redemption amount received by public stockholders could be less than the 10.10 per share initially held in the Trust Account, due to claims of such creditors. Pursuant to the letter agreement, our New Sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third party for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target business with which we have entered into a written letter of intent, confidentiality or similar agreement or business combination agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account to below the lesser of (i) 10.10 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account, if less than 10.10 per share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, less taxes payable, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third party or prospective target business who executed a waiver of any and all rights to the monies held in the Trust Account (whether or not such waiver is enforceable) nor will it apply to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of our Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. However, we have not asked our New Sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor have we independently verified whether our New Sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and believe that our New Sponsor s only assets are securities of our company. Therefore, we cannot assure you that our New Sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. None of our officers or directors will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. Our directors may decide not to enforce the indemnification obligations of our New Sponsor, resulting in a reduction in the amount of funds in the Trust Account available for distribution to our public stockholders. In the event that the proceeds in the Trust Account are reduced below the lesser of (i) 10.10 per share and (ii) the actual amount per share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account if less than 10.10 per share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes, and our New Sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take legal action against our New Sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf against our New Sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment and subject to their fiduciary duties may choose not to do so in any particular instance if, for example, the cost of such legal action is deemed by the independent directors to be too high relative to the amount recoverable or if the independent directors determine that a favorable outcome is not likely. If our independent directors choose not to enforce these indemnification obligations, the amount of funds in the Trust Account available for distribution to our public stockholders may be reduced below 10.10 per share. We may not have sufficient funds to satisfy indemnification claims of our directors and executive officers. We have agreed to indemnify our officers and directors to the fullest extent permitted by law. However, our officers and directors have agreed to waive any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies in the Trust Account and to not seek recourse against the Trust Account for any reason whatsoever. Accordingly, any indemnification provided will be able to be satisfied by us only if (i) we have sufficient funds outside of the Trust Account or (ii) we consummate an initial business combination. Our obligation to indemnify our officers and directors may discourage stockholders from bringing a lawsuit against our officers or directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. These provisions also may have the effect of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against our officers and directors, even though such an action, if successful, might otherwise benefit us and our stockholders. Furthermore, a stockholder s 
 29 

Table of Contents 
 investment may be adversely affected to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against our officers and directors pursuant to these indemnification provisions. If, after we distribute the proceeds in the Trust Account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, a bankruptcy court may seek to recover such proceeds, and we and our board may be exposed to claims of punitive damages. If, after we distribute the proceeds in the Trust Account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by stockholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy laws as either a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. As a result, a bankruptcy court could seek to recover all amounts received by our stockholders. In addition, our board of directors may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or having acted in bad faith, thereby exposing itself and us to claims of punitive damages, by paying public stockholders from the Trust Account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. If, before distributing the proceeds in the Trust Account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the claims of creditors in such proceeding may have priority over the claims of our stockholders and the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our stockholders in connection with our liquidation may be reduced. If, before distributing the proceeds in the Trust Account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the Trust Account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our stockholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the Trust Account, the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our stockholders in connection with our liquidation may be reduced. If we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, we may be required to institute burdensome compliance requirements and our activities may be restricted, which may make it difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. If we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, our activities may be restricted, including: restrictions on the nature of our investments; and restrictions on the issuance of securities, each of which may make it difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. 
 In addition, we may have imposed upon us burdensome requirements, including: registration as an investment company; adoption of a specific form of corporate structure; and reporting, record keeping, voting, proxy and disclosure requirements and other rules and regulations. 
 In order not to be regulated as an investment company under the Investment Company Act, unless we can qualify for an exclusion, we must ensure that we are engaged primarily in a business other than investing, reinvesting or trading in securities and that our activities do not include investing, reinvesting, owning, holding or trading investment securities constituting more than 40 of our total assets (exclusive of U.S. government securities and cash items) on an unconsolidated basis. Our business will be to identify and complete an initial business combination and thereafter to operate the post-transaction business or assets for the long term. We do not plan to buy businesses or assets with a view to resale or profit from their resale. We do not plan to buy unrelated businesses or assets or to be a passive investor. We do not believe that our anticipated principal activities will subject us to the Investment Company Act. To this end, the proceeds held in the Trust Account may only be invested in United States government securities within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act having a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. Pursuant to the trust agreement, the trustee is not permitted to invest in other securities or assets. By restricting the investment of the proceeds to these instruments, and by having a business plan targeted at acquiring and growing businesses for the long term (rather than on buying and 
 30 

Table of Contents 
 selling businesses in the manner of a merchant bank or private equity fund), we intend to avoid being deemed an investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act. Our Initial Public Offering is not intended for persons who are seeking a return on investments in government securities or investment securities. The Trust Account is intended as a holding place for funds pending the earliest to occur of: (i) the completion of our initial business combination; (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly submitted in connection with a stockholder vote to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by June 2, 2023 to consummate a business combination from the closing of our Initial Public Offering or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity; or (iii) absent an initial business combination by June 2, 2023 to consummate a business combination from the closing of our Initial Public Offering, our return of the funds held in the Trust Account to our public stockholders as part of our redemption of the public shares. If we do not invest the proceeds as discussed above, we may be deemed to be subject to the Investment Company Act. If we were deemed to be subject to the Investment Company Act, compliance with these additional regulatory burdens would require additional expenses for which we have not allotted funds and may hinder our ability to complete an initial business combination or may result in our liquidation. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only approximately 10.10 per share on the liquidation of our Trust Account and our warrants will expire worthless. Changes in laws or regulations, or a failure to comply with any laws and regulations, may adversely affect our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial business combination and results of operations. We are subject to laws and regulations enacted by national, regional and local governments. In particular, we will be required to comply with certain SEC and other legal requirements. Compliance with, and monitoring of, applicable laws and regulations may be difficult, time consuming and costly. Those laws and regulations and their interpretation and application may also change from time to time and those changes could have a material adverse effect on our business, investments and results of operations. In addition, a failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations, as interpreted and applied, could have a material adverse effect on our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial business combination and results of operations. Our stockholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against us to the extent of distributions received by them upon redemption of their shares. Under the DGCL, stockholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against a corporation to the extent of distributions received by them in a dissolution. The pro rata portion of our Trust Account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our public shares in the event we do not complete our initial business combination by June 2, 2023 to consummate a business combination from the closing of our Initial Public Offering may be considered a liquidating distribution under Delaware law. If a corporation complies with certain procedures set forth in Section 280 of the DGCL intended to ensure that it makes reasonable provision for all claims against it, including a 60-day notice period during which any third-party claims can be brought against the corporation, a 90-day period during which the corporation may reject any claims brought, and an additional 150-day waiting period before any liquidating distributions are made to stockholders, any liability of stockholders with respect to a liquidating distribution is limited to the lesser of such stockholder s pro rata share of the claim or the amount distributed to the stockholder, and any liability of the stockholder would be barred after the third anniversary of the dissolution. However, it is our intention to redeem our public shares as soon as reasonably possible following the 12 th month (or up to the 18 th month if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination) from the closing of our Initial Public Offering in the event we do not complete our initial business combination and, therefore, we do not intend to comply with the foregoing procedures. Because we will not be complying with Section 280, Section 281(b) of the DGCL requires us to adopt a plan, based on facts known to us at such time that will provide for our payment of all existing and pending claims or claims that may be potentially brought against us within the 10 years following our dissolution. However, because we are a blank check company, rather than an operating company, and our operations will be limited to searching for prospective target businesses to acquire, the only likely claims to arise would be from our vendors (such as lawyers, investment bankers, etc.) or prospective target businesses. If our plan of distribution complies with Section 281(b) of the DGCL, any liability of stockholders with respect to a liquidating distribution is limited to the lesser of such stockholder s pro rata share of the claim or the amount distributed to the stockholder, and any liability of the stockholder would likely be barred after the third anniversary of the dissolution. We cannot assure you that we will properly assess all claims that may be potentially brought against us. As such, our stockholders could potentially be liable for any claims to the extent of distributions received by them (but no more) and any liability of our stockholders may extend beyond the third anniversary of such date. Furthermore, if the pro rata portion of our Trust Account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our public shares in the event we do not complete our initial business combination by June 2, 2023 to consummate a business combination from the closing of our Initial Public Offering 
 31 

Table of Contents 
 is not considered a liquidating distribution under Delaware law and such redemption distribution is deemed to be unlawful (potentially due to the imposition of legal proceedings that a party may bring or due to other circumstances that are currently unknown), then pursuant to Section 174 of the DGCL, the statute of limitations for claims of creditors could then be six years after the unlawful redemption distribution, instead of three years, as in the case of a liquidating distribution. We may not hold an annual meeting of stockholders until after the consummation of our initial business combination, which could delay the opportunity for our stockholders to elect directors. In accordance with Nasdaq corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual meeting until no later than one year after our first fiscal year end following our listing on Nasdaq. Under Section 211(b) of the DGCL, we are, however, required to hold an annual meeting of stockholders for the purposes of electing directors in accordance with our bylaws unless such election is made by written consent in lieu of such a meeting. We may not hold an annual meeting of stockholders to elect new directors prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, and thus we may not be in compliance with Section 211(b) of the DGCL, which requires an annual meeting. Therefore, if our stockholders want us to hold an annual meeting prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, they may attempt to force us to hold one by submitting an application to the Delaware Court of Chancery in accordance with Section 211(c) of the DGCL. We are not registering the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants under the Securities Act or any state securities laws at this time, and such registration may not be in place when an investor desires to exercise warrants, thus precluding such investor from being able to exercise its warrants except on a cashless basis. If the issuance of the shares upon exercise of warrants is not registered, qualified or exempt from registration or qualification, the holder of such warrant will not be entitled to exercise such warrant and such warrant may have no value and expire worthless. We are not registering the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants under the Securities Act or any state securities laws at this time. However, under the terms of the warrant agreement, we have agreed that as soon as practicable, but in no event later than 15 business days after the closing of our initial business combination, we will use our best efforts to file with the SEC a registration statement for the registration under the Securities Act of the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants and thereafter will use our best efforts to cause the same to become effective within 90 days following our initial business combination and to maintain a current prospectus relating to the Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants, until the expiration of the warrants in accordance with the provisions of the warrant agreement. We cannot assure you that we will be able to do so if, for example, any facts or events arise which represent a fundamental change in the information set forth in the registration statement or prospectus, the financial statements contained or incorporated by reference therein are not current or correct or the SEC issues a stop order. If the shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants are not registered under the Securities Act, we will be required to permit holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis. However, no warrant will be exercisable for cash or on a cashless basis, and we will not be obligated to issue any shares to holders seeking to exercise their warrants, unless the issuance of the shares upon such exercise is registered or qualified under the securities laws of the state of the exercising holder, or an exemption from registration is available. Notwithstanding the above, if our Common Stock is at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that it satisfies the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, we may, at our option, require holders of public warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event we so elect, we will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement, and in the event we do not so elect, we will use our best efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. In no event will we be required to net cash settle any warrant, or issue securities or other compensation in exchange for the warrants in the event that we are unable to register or qualify the shares underlying the warrants under applicable state securities laws and there is no exemption available. If the issuance of the shares upon exercise of the warrants is not so registered or qualified or exempt from registration or qualification, the holder of such warrant will not be entitled to exercise such warrant and such warrant may have no value and expire worthless. In such event, holders who acquired their warrants as part of a purchase of Units will have paid the full unit purchase price solely for the shares of Common Stock included in the Units. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may not exercise our redemption right if the issuance of shares of common stock upon exercise of the warrants is not exempt from registration or qualification under applicable state blue sky laws or we are unable to effect such registration or qualification. We will use our best efforts to register or qualify such shares of common stock under the blue sky laws of the state of residence in those states in which the warrants were offered by us in our Initial Public Offering. However, there may be instances in which holders of our public warrants may be unable to exercise such public warrants but holders of our Private Placement Warrants may be able to exercise such Private Placement Warrants. 
 32 

Table of Contents 
 If you exercise your public warrants on a cashless basis, you will receive fewer shares of Common Stock from such exercise than if you were to exercise such warrants for cash. There are circumstances in which the exercise of the public warrants may be required or permitted to be made on a cashless basis. First, if a registration statement covering the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants is not effective by the 52 nd day after the closing of our initial business combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act or another exemption. Second, if our Common Stock is at any time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that it satisfies the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, we may, at our option, require holders of public warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event we so elect, we will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement, and in the event we do not so elect, we will use our best efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. Third, if we call the public warrants for redemption, our management will have the option to require all holders that wish to exercise warrants to do so on a cashless basis. In the event of an exercise on a cashless basis, a holder would pay the warrant exercise price by surrendering the warrants for that number of shares of Common Stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of shares of Common Stock underlying the warrants, multiplied by the difference between the exercise price of the warrants and the fair market value (as defined in the next sentence) by (y) the fair market value. The fair market value is the average reported last sale price of the Common Stock for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of exercise is received by the warrant agent or on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants, as applicable. As a result, you would receive fewer shares of Common Stock from such exercise than if you were to exercise such warrants for cash. The grant of registration rights to our initial stockholders may make it more difficult to complete our initial business combination, and the future exercise of such rights may adversely affect the market price of our Common Stock. Our initial stockholders and their permitted transferees can demand that we register the Private Placement Warrants, the Private Placement Warrants, the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Private Placement Warrants and upon conversion of the founder shares held, or to be held, by them and holders of securities that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans may demand that we register such warrants or the Common Stock issuable upon conversion or exercise of such warrants. We will bear the cost of registering these securities. The registration and availability of such a significant number of securities for trading in the public market may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Common Stock. In addition, the existence of the registration rights may make our initial business combination more costly or difficult to conclude. This is because the stockholders of the target business may increase the equity stake they seek in the combined entity or ask for more cash consideration to offset the negative impact on the market price of our Common Stock that is expected when the securities owned by our initial stockholders or holders of working capital loans or their respective permitted transferees are registered. Because we are neither limited to evaluating a target business in a particular industry sector nor have we selected any specific target businesses with which to pursue our initial business combination, you will be unable to ascertain the merits or risks of any particular target business s operations. We are not limited to evaluating a target business in a particular industry sector, except that we are not, under our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, permitted to effectuate our initial business combination with another blank check company or similar company with nominal operations. Because we have not yet selected or approached any specific target business with respect to a business combination, there is no basis to evaluate the possible merits or risks of any particular target business s operations, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity, financial condition or prospects. To the extent we complete our initial business combination, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in the business operations with which we combine. For example, if we combine with a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of sales or earnings, we may be affected by the risks inherent in the business and operations of a financially unstable or a development stage entity. Although our officers and directors will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors or that we will have adequate time to complete due diligence. Furthermore, some of these risks may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely impact a target business. We also cannot assure you that an investment in our Units will ultimately prove to be more favorable to investors than a direct investment, if such opportunity were available, in a business combination target. Accordingly, any stockholders who choose to remain stockholders following our initial business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such stockholders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value unless they are able to successfully claim that the reduction was due to the breach by our officers or directors of a duty of care or other fiduciary duty owed to them, or if they are able to successfully bring a private claim under securities laws that the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, relating to the business combination contained an actionable material misstatement or material omission. 
 33 

Table of Contents 
 We may issue notes or other debt securities, or otherwise incur substantial debt, to complete an initial business combination, which may adversely affect our leverage and financial condition and thus negatively impact the value of our stockholders investment in us. Although we have no commitments as of the date of this annual report to issue any notes or other debt securities, or to otherwise incur outstanding debt following our Initial Public Offering, we may choose to incur substantial debt to complete our initial business combination. We have agreed that we will not incur any indebtedness unless we have obtained from the lender a waiver of any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to the monies held in the Trust Account. As such, no issuance of debt will affect the per-share amount available for redemption from the Trust Account. Nevertheless, the incurrence of debt could have a variety of negative effects, including: default and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after an initial business combination are insufficient to repay our debt obligations; acceleration of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments when due if we breach certain covenants that require the maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant; our immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt security is payable on demand; our inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt security contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain such financing while the debt security is outstanding; our inability to pay dividends on our common stock; using a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which will reduce the funds available for dividends on our common stock if declared, our ability to pay expenses, make capital expenditures and acquisitions, and fund other general corporate purposes; limitations on our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry in which we operate; increased vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions and adverse changes in government regulation; limitations on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, and execution of our strategy; and other disadvantages compared to our competitors who have less debt. 
 We may only be able to complete one business combination with the proceeds of our Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants, which will cause us to be solely dependent on a single business which may have a limited number of services and limited operating activities. This lack of diversification may negatively impact our operating results and profitability. Of the net proceeds from our Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants, 19.4 million will be available to complete our initial business combination and pay related fees and expenses (which includes up to 5.6 million for the payment of deferred underwriting commissions), assuming no redemptions of our Common Stock. We may effectuate our initial business combination with a single target business or multiple target businesses simultaneously or within a short period of time. However, we may not be able to effectuate our initial business combination with more than one target business because of various factors, including the existence of complex accounting issues and the requirement that we prepare and file pro forma financial statements with the SEC that present operating results and the financial condition of several target businesses as if they had been operated on a combined basis. By completing our initial business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory developments. Further, we would not be able to diversify our operations or benefit from the possible spreading of risks or offsetting of losses, unlike other entities which may have the resources to complete several business combinations in different industries or different areas of a single industry. In addition, we intend to focus our search for an initial business combination in a single industry. Accordingly, the prospects for our success may be: solely dependent upon the performance of a single business, property or asset, or 
 34 

Table of Contents 
 dependent upon the development or market acceptance of a single or limited number of products, processes or services. 
 This lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory risks, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact upon the particular industry in which we may operate subsequent to our initial business combination. We may attempt to simultaneously complete business combinations with multiple prospective targets, which may hinder our ability to complete our initial business combination and give rise to increased costs and risks that could negatively impact our operations and profitability. If we determine to simultaneously acquire several businesses that are owned by different sellers, we will need for each of such sellers to agree that our purchase of its business is contingent on the simultaneous closings of the other business combinations, which may make it more difficult for us, and delay our ability, to complete our initial business combination. We do not, however, intend to purchase multiple businesses in unrelated industries in conjunction with our initial business combination. With multiple business combinations, we could also face additional risks, including additional burdens and costs with respect to possible multiple negotiations and due diligence investigations (if there are multiple sellers) and the additional risks associated with the subsequent assimilation of the operations and services or products of the acquired companies in a single operating business. If we are unable to adequately address these risks, it could negatively impact our profitability and results of operations. We may attempt to complete our initial business combination with a private company about which little information is available, which may result in an initial business combination with a company that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all. In pursuing our initial business combination strategy, we may seek to effectuate our initial business combination with a privately held company. Very little public information generally exists about private companies, and we could be required to make our decision on whether to pursue a potential initial business combination on the basis of limited information, which may result in an initial business combination with a company that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all. We may issue our shares to investors in connection with our initial business combination at a price that is less than the prevailing market price of our shares at that time. In connection with our initial business combination, we may issue shares to investors in private placement transactions (so-called PIPE transactions) at a price of 10.10 per share or which approximates the per-share amounts in our Trust Account at such time, which is generally approximately 10.10. The purpose of such issuances will be to enable us to provide sufficient liquidity to the post-business combination entity. The price of the shares we issue may therefore be less, and potentially significantly less, than the market price for our shares at such time. Our management may not be able to maintain control of a target business after our initial business combination. We may structure an initial business combination so that the post-transaction company in which our public stockholders own shares will own less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business, but we will only complete such business combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for us not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. We will not consider any transaction that does not meet such criteria. Even if the post-transaction company owns 50 or more of the voting securities of the target, our stockholders prior to the initial business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post business combination company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the initial business combination. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares of Common Stock in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100 interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares of common stock, our stockholders immediately prior to such transaction could own less than a majority of our outstanding shares of common stock subsequent to such transaction. In addition, other minority stockholders may subsequently combine their holdings resulting in a single person or group obtaining a larger share of the company s stock than we initially acquired. Accordingly, this may make it more likely that our management will not be able to maintain our control of the target business. We cannot provide assurance that, upon loss of control of a target business, new management will possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to profitably operate such business. 
 35 

Table of Contents 
 We do not have a specified maximum redemption threshold. The absence of such a redemption threshold may make it possible for us to complete an initial business combination with which a substantial majority of our stockholders do not agree. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation does not provide a specified maximum redemption threshold, except that in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 both immediately prior to and upon consummation of our initial business combination and after payment of underwriters fees and commissions (such that we are not subject to the SEC s penny stock rules) or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement which may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial business combination. As a result, we may be able to complete our initial business combination even though a substantial majority of our public stockholders do not agree with the transaction and have redeemed their shares or, if we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, have entered into privately negotiated agreements to sell their shares to our New Sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all shares of Common Stock that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed initial business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the initial business combination or redeem any shares, all shares of Common Stock submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof, and we instead may search for an alternate business combination. In order to effectuate an initial business combination, blank check companies have, in the recent past, amended various provisions of their charters and other governing instruments, including their warrant agreements. We cannot assure you that we will not seek to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or governing instruments in a manner that will make it easier for us to complete our initial business combination that our stockholders may not support. In order to effectuate an initial business combination, blank check companies have, in the recent past, amended various provisions of their charters and modified governing instruments, including their warrant agreements. For example, blank check companies have amended the definition of business combination, increased redemption thresholds and extended the time to consummate an initial business combination and, with respect to their warrants, amended their warrant agreements to require the warrants to be exchanged for cash and/or other securities. Amending our amended and restated certificate of incorporation requires the approval of holders of 65 of our common stock, and amending our warrant agreement will require a vote of holders of at least 65 of the public warrants. In addition, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation requires us to provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares for cash if we propose an amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by June 2, 2023 to consummate a business combination from the closing of our Initial Public Offering or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity. To the extent any such amendments would be deemed to fundamentally change the nature of any securities offered through this registration statement, we would register, or seek an exemption from registration for, the affected securities. We cannot assure you that we will not seek to amend our charter or governing instruments or extend the time to consummate an initial business combination in order to effectuate our initial business combination. The provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation that relate to our pre-business combination activity (and corresponding provisions of the agreement governing the release of funds from our Trust Account), including an amendment to permit us to withdraw funds from the Trust Account such that the per share amount investors will receive upon any redemption or liquidation is substantially reduced or eliminated, may be amended with the approval of holders of 65 of our common stock, which is a lower amendment threshold than that of some other blank check companies. It may be easier for us, therefore, to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and the trust agreement to facilitate the completion of an initial business combination that some of our stockholders may not support. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that any of its provisions related to pre-initial business combination activity (including the requirement to deposit proceeds of our Initial Public Offering and the private placement of warrants into the Trust Account and not release such amounts except in specified circumstances, and to provide redemption rights to public stockholders as described herein and including to permit us to withdraw funds from the Trust Account such that the per share amount investors will receive upon any redemption or liquidation is substantially reduced or eliminated) may be amended if approved by holders of 65 of our common stock entitled to vote thereon, and corresponding provisions of the trust agreement governing the release of funds from our Trust Account may be amended if approved by holders of 65 of our common stock entitled to vote thereon. In all other instances, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation may be amended by holders of a majority of our outstanding common stock entitled to vote thereon, subject to applicable provisions of the DGCL or applicable stock exchange rules. We may not issue additional securities that can vote on amendments to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. Our initial stockholders, who will collectively beneficially own up to 20 of our common stock upon the closing of our Initial Public Offering (not including the shares of Common Stock issuable to Maxim and assuming they do not purchase any Units in our Initial Public Offering), will participate in any vote to 
 36 

Table of Contents 
 amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and/or trust agreement and will have the discretion to vote in any manner they choose. As a result, we may be able to amend the provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation which govern our pre-initial business combination behavior more easily than some other blank check companies, and this may increase our ability to complete an initial business combination with which you do not agree. Our stockholders may pursue remedies against us for any breach of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. Our New Sponsor, officers and directors have agreed, pursuant to a written agreement with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (i) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by June 2, 2023 from the closing of our Initial Public Offering or (ii) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity, unless we provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their shares of Common Stock upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares. These agreements are contained in a letter agreement that we have entered into with our New Sponsor, officers and directors. Our stockholders are not parties to, or third-party beneficiaries of, these agreements and, as a result, will not have the ability to pursue remedies against our New Sponsor, officers or directors for any breach of these agreements. As a result, in the event of a breach, our stockholders would need to pursue a stockholder derivative action, subject to applicable law. We may be unable to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination or to fund the operations and growth of a target business, which could compel us to restructure or abandon a particular business combination. We have not selected any specific business combination target, but intend to target businesses larger than we could acquire with the net proceeds of our Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants. As a result, we may be required to seek additional financing to complete such proposed initial business combination. We cannot assure you that such financing will be available on acceptable terms, if at all. To the extent that additional financing proves to be unavailable when needed to complete our initial business combination, we would be compelled to either restructure the transaction or abandon that particular business combination and seek an alternative target business candidate. Further, the amount of additional financing we may be required to obtain could increase as a result of future growth capital needs for any particular transaction, the depletion of the available net proceeds in search of a target business, the obligation to repurchase for cash a significant number of shares from stockholders who elect redemption in connection with our initial business combination and/or the terms of negotiated transactions to purchase shares in connection with our initial business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only approximately 10.10 per share plus any pro rata interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to us to pay our franchise and income taxes on the liquidation of our Trust Account and our warrants will expire worthless. In addition, even if we do not need additional financing to complete our initial business combination, we may require such financing to fund the operations or growth of the target business. The failure to secure additional financing could have a material adverse effect on the continued development or growth of the target business. None of our officers, directors or stockholders is required to provide any financing to us in connection with or after our initial business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may only receive approximately 10.10 per share on the liquidation of our Trust Account, and our warrants will expire worthless. Furthermore, as described in the risk factor entitled If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the Trust Account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than 10.10 per share, under certain circumstances our public stockholders may receive less than 10.10 per share upon the liquidation of the Trust Account. Our initial stockholders may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a stockholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support. Our initial stockholders own shares representing 57.0 of our issued and outstanding shares of common stock (not including the shares of Common Stock underlying the Private Placement Warrants). Accordingly, they may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a stockholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support, including amendments to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and approval of major corporate transactions. If our initial stockholders purchase any additional shares of common stock in the aftermarket or in privately negotiated transactions, this would increase their control. Factors that would be considered in making such additional purchases would include consideration of the current trading price of our Common Stock. In addition, our board of directors, whose members were elected by our initial stockholders, is divided into two classes, each of which serve for a term of two years with only one class of directors being elected in each year. We may not hold an annual meeting of stockholders to elect new directors prior to the completion of our initial business combination, in which case all of the current directors will continue in office until at least the completion of the initial business combination. If there is an annual meeting, as a consequence of our staggered board of directors, only a minority of the board of directors will be considered for election and our initial stockholders, because of their ownership position, will have considerable influence regarding the outcome. Accordingly, our initial stockholders will continue to exert control at least until the completion of our initial business combination. 
 37 

Table of Contents 
 We may amend the terms of the warrants in a manner that may be adverse to holders of public warrants with the approval by the holders of at least 65 of the then outstanding public warrants. As a result, the exercise price of your warrants could be increased, the exercise period could be shortened and the number of shares of our Common Stock purchasable upon exercise of a warrant could be decreased, all without your approval. Our warrants will be issued in registered form under a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent, and us. The warrant agreement provides that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure any ambiguity or correct any defective provision, but requires the approval by the holders of at least 65 of the then outstanding public warrants to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders of public warrants. Accordingly, we may amend the terms of the public warrants in a manner adverse to a holder if holders of at least 65 of the then outstanding public warrants approve of such amendment. Although our ability to amend the terms of the public warrants with the consent of at least 65 of the then outstanding public warrants is unlimited, examples of such amendments could be amendments to, among other things, increase the exercise price of the warrants, convert the warrants into cash or stock, shorten the exercise period or decrease the number of shares of our Common Stock purchasable upon exercise of a warrant. We may redeem your unexpired warrants prior to their exercise at a time that is disadvantageous to you, thereby making your warrants worthless. We have the ability to redeem outstanding warrants at any time after they become exercisable and prior to their expiration, at a price of 0.01 per warrant, provided that the last reported sales price of our Common Stock equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading-day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which we give proper notice of such redemption and provided certain other conditions are met. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may not exercise our redemption right if the issuance of shares of common stock upon exercise of the warrants is not exempt from registration or qualification under applicable state blue sky laws or we are unable to effect such registration or qualification. We will use our best efforts to register or qualify such shares of common stock under the blue sky laws of the state of residence in those states in which the warrants were offered by us in our Initial Public Offering. Redemption of the outstanding warrants could force you (i) to exercise your warrants and pay the exercise price therefor at a time when it may be disadvantageous for you to do so, (ii) to sell your warrants at the then-current market price when you might otherwise wish to hold your warrants or (iii) to accept the nominal redemption price which, at the time the outstanding warrants are called for redemption, is likely to be substantially less than the market value of your warrants. None of the Private Placement Warrants will be redeemable by us so long as they are held by the New Sponsor or its permitted transferees. Our warrants and founder shares may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Common Stock and make it more difficult to effectuate our initial business combination. Our New Sponsor currently owns an aggregate of 2,581,500 founder shares. The founder shares are convertible into shares of Common Stock on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment as set forth herein. In addition, if our New Sponsor or its affiliates, or any of our officers or directors, makes any working capital loans, up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be converted into private placement-equivalent warrants at a price of 1.00 per warrant (which, for example, would result in the holders being issued 1,500,000 warrants if 1,500,000 of notes were so converted), at the option of the lender. Such warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants, including as to exercise price, exercisability and exercise period. To the extent we issue shares of Common Stock to effectuate an initial business combination, the potential for the issuance of a substantial number of additional shares of Common Stock upon conversion of these rights or exercise of these warrants could make us a less attractive business combination vehicle to a target business. Any such issuance will increase the number of issued and outstanding shares of our Common Stock and reduce the value of the shares of Common Stock issued to complete the initial business combination. Therefore, our warrants and founder shares may make it more difficult to effectuate an initial business combination or increase the cost of acquiring the target business. The Private Placement Warrants are identical to the warrants sold as part of the Units in our Initial Public Offering except that, so long as they are held by our New Sponsor or its permitted transferees, (i) they will not be redeemable by us, (ii) they (including the Common Stock issuable upon exercise of these warrants) may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by our New Sponsor until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination and (iii) they may be exercised by the holders on a cashless basis. 
 38 

Table of Contents 
 The exercise price for the public warrants is higher than in some similar blank check company offerings in the past, and, accordingly, the warrants are more likely to expire worthless. The exercise price of the public warrants is higher than some similar blank check companies in the past. Historically, the exercise price of a warrant was generally a fraction of the purchase price of the Units in the Initial Public Offering. The exercise price for our public warrants is 11.50 per share. As a result, the warrants are less likely to ever be in the money and more likely to expire worthless. A provision of our warrant agreement may make it more difficult for use to consummate an initial business combination. Unlike some other blank check companies, if (i) we issue additional shares of Common Stock or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of our initial business combination at a Newly Issued Price of less than 9.20 per share, (ii) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60 of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of our initial business combination on the date of the consummation of our initial business combination (net of redemptions), and (iii) the Market Value is below 9.20 per share, 
 then the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted to be equal to 115 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the 18.00 per share redemption trigger price will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 180 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price. This provision may make us less attractive to potential target businesses than other SPACs that do not have such provision and may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination with a target business. Because we must furnish our stockholders with target business financial statements, we may lose the ability to complete an otherwise advantageous initial business combination with some prospective target businesses. The federal proxy rules require that a proxy statement with respect to a vote on an initial business combination meeting certain financial significance tests include historical and/or pro forma financial statement disclosure in periodic reports. We will include the same financial statement disclosure in connection with our tender offer documents, whether or not they are required under the tender offer rules. These financial statements may be required to be prepared in accordance with, or be reconciled to, accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, or GAAP, or international financial reporting standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board, or IFRS, depending on the circumstances and the historical financial statements may be required to be audited in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), or PCAOB. These financial statement requirements may limit the pool of potential target businesses we may acquire because some targets may be unable to provide such financial statements in time for us to disclose such statements in accordance with federal proxy rules and complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame. Risks Relating to our Management and Directors or Conflicts of Interest. Past performance by our management team may not be indicative of future performance of an investment in the Company. Past performance by our management team is not a guarantee either (i) of success with respect to any business combination we may consummate or (ii) that we will be able to locate a suitable candidate for our initial business combination. You should not rely on the historical record of our management team s performance as indicative of our future performance of an investment in the company or the returns the company will, or is likely to, generate going forward. We may seek business combination opportunities in industries or sectors which may or may not be outside of our management s area of expertise. We will consider an initial business combination outside of our management s area of expertise if an initial business combination candidate is presented to us and we determine that such candidate offers an attractive business combination opportunity for our company or we are unable to identify a suitable candidate in this sector after having expanded a reasonable amount of time and effort in an attempt to do so. Although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in any particular business combination candidate, we 
 39 

Table of Contents 
 cannot assure you that we will adequately ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors. We also cannot assure you that an investment in our Units will not ultimately prove to be less favorable to investors in our Initial Public Offering than a direct investment, if an opportunity were available, in an initial business combination candidate. In the event we elect to pursue a business combination outside of the areas of our management s expertise, our management s expertise may not be directly applicable to its evaluation or operation, and the information contained in this annual report regarding the areas of our management s expertise would not be relevant to an understanding of the business that we elect to acquire. As a result, our management may not be able to adequately ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors. Accordingly, any stockholders who choose to remain stockholders following our initial business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their shares. Such stockholders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value. Although we have identified general criteria and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses, we may enter into our initial business combination with a target that does not meet such criteria and guidelines, and as a result, the target business with which we enter into our initial business combination may not have attributes entirely consistent with our general criteria and guidelines. Although we have identified general criteria and guidelines for evaluating prospective target businesses, it is possible that a target business with which we enter into our initial business combination will not have all of these positive attributes. If we complete our initial business combination with a target that does not meet some or all of these guidelines, such combination may not be as successful as a combination with a business that does meet all of our general criteria and guidelines. In addition, if we announce a prospective business combination with a target that does not meet our general criteria and guidelines, a greater number of stockholders may exercise their redemption rights, which may make it difficult for us to meet any closing condition with a target business that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. In addition, if stockholder approval of the transaction is required by law, or we decide to obtain stockholder approval for business or other legal reasons, it may be more difficult for us to attain stockholder approval of our initial business combination if the target business does not meet our general criteria and guidelines. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only approximately 10.10 per share on the liquidation of our Trust Account and our warrants will expire worthless. In certain circumstances, our public stockholders may receive less than 10.10 per share on the redemption of their shares. We may seek business combination opportunities with a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of revenue, cash flow or earnings, which could subject us to volatile revenues, cash flows or earnings or difficulty in retaining key personnel. To the extent we complete our initial business combination with a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of revenues or earnings, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in the operations of the business with which we combine. These risks include volatile revenues or earnings and difficulties in obtaining and retaining key personnel. Although our officers and directors will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we may not be able to properly ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors and we may not have adequate time to complete due diligence. Furthermore, some of these risks may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely impact a target business. We are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or from an independent accounting firm, and consequently, you may have no assurance from an independent source that the price we are paying for the business is fair to our company from a financial point of view. Unless we complete our initial business combination with an affiliated entity or our board cannot independently determine the fair market value of the target business or businesses, we are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA or from an independent accounting firm that the price we are paying is fair to our company from a financial point of view. If no opinion is obtained, our stockholders will be relying on the judgment of our board of directors, who will determine fair market value based on standards generally accepted by the financial community. Such standards used will be disclosed in our proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable, related to our initial business combination. 
 40 

Table of Contents 
 We may issue additional common stock or preferred stock to complete our initial business combination or under an employee incentive plan after completion of our initial business combination. We may also issue shares of Common Stock upon the conversion of the Class B common stock at a ratio greater than one-to-one at the time of our initial business combination as a result of the anti-dilution provisions contained in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. Any such issuances would dilute the interest of our stockholders and likely present other risks. We may issue a substantial number of additional shares of common or preferred stock to complete our initial business combination or under an employee incentive plan after completion of our initial business combination (although our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that we may not issue securities that can vote with common stockholders on matters related to our pre-initial business combination activity). We may also issue shares of Common Stock upon conversion of the Class B common stock at a ratio greater than one-to-one at the time of our initial business combination as a result of the anti-dilution provisions contained in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. However, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides, among other things, that prior to our initial business combination, we may not issue additional shares of capital stock that would entitle the holders thereof to (i) receive funds from the Trust Account or (ii) vote on any initial business combination. These provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, like all provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, may be amended with the approval of our stockholders. However, our executive officers and directors have agreed, pursuant to a written agreement with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by June 2, 2023 from the closing of our Initial Public Offering or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity, unless we provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their shares of common stock upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares. The issuance of additional shares of common or preferred stock: may significantly dilute the equity interest of investors in our Initial Public Offering; may subordinate the rights of holders of common stock if preferred stock is issued with rights senior to those afforded our common stock; could cause a change of control if a substantial number of shares of our common stock are issued, which may affect, among other things, our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards, if any, and could result in the resignation or removal of our present officers and directors; and may adversely affect prevailing market prices for our Units, Common Stock and/or warrants. 
 The nominal purchase price paid by the New Sponsor for the founder shares may result in significant dilution to the implied value of your public shares upon the consummation of our initial business combination. As of December 31, 2022 we had 1,848,503 shares subject to redemption outstanding with implied redemption value of 10.51, based on the amount in Trust Account. However, prior to our Initial Public Offering, the Original Sponsor paid a nominal aggregate purchase price of 25,000 for the founder shares, or approximately 0.009 per share. On March 13, 2023, the New Sponsor purchased from the Original Sponsor 2,581,500 founder shares for an aggregate purchase price of 1.00. As a result, the value of your public shares may be significantly diluted upon the consummation of our initial business combination, when the founder shares are converted into public shares. For example, the following table shows the dilutive effect of the founder shares on the implied value of the public shares upon the consummation of our initial business combination, assuming that our equity value at that time is 13,815,339, which is the amount we would have for our initial business combination in the Trust Account after payment of 5,614,100 of deferred underwriting commissions and other amounts due to the underwriters, assuming no further interest is earned on the funds held in the Trust Account, and no further public shares are redeemed in connection with our initial business combination, and without taking into account any other potential impacts on our valuation at such time, such as the trading price of our public shares, the business combination transaction costs, any equity issued or cash paid to the target s sellers or other third parties, or the target s business itself, including its assets, liabilities, management and prospects, as well as the value of our public and private warrants. At such valuation, each of our shares of common stock would have an implied value of 3.05 per share upon consummation of our initial business combination, which would 
 41 

Table of Contents 
 be a 71.00 decrease as compared to the initial implied value per public share of 10.51 (the price per unit in our Initial Public Offering, assuming no value to the public warrants). 

Public shares 1,848,503 Founder shares 2,581,500 Representative s Common Stock 103,260 Total shares 4,533,263 Total funds in trust available for initial business combination (less deferred underwriting commissions) 13,815,339 Initial implied value per public share 10.51 Implied value per share upon consummation of initial business combination 3.05 The value of the founder shares following completion of our initial business combination is likely to be substantially higher than the nominal price paid for them, even if the trading price of our common stock at such time is substantially less than 10.00 per share. Upon the closing of our Initial Public Offering, the Original Sponsor invested in us an aggregate of 4,693,800, comprised of the 25,000 purchase price for the founder shares and the 4,668,800 purchase price for the Private Placement Warrants. Assuming a trading price of 10.00 per share upon consummation of our initial business combination, the 2,581,500 founder shares would have an aggregate implied value of 25,815,000. Even if the trading price of our common stock was as low as 1.82 per share, and the Private Placement Warrants were worthless, the value of the founder shares would be equal to the sponsor s initial investment in us. As a result, our New Sponsor is likely to be able to recoup its investment in us and make a substantial profit on that investment, even if our public shares have lost significant value. Accordingly, our management team, which owns interests in our New Sponsor, may have an economic incentive that differs from that of the public stockholders to pursue and consummate an initial business combination rather than to liquidate and to return all of the cash in the trust to the public stockholders, even if that business combination were with a riskier or less-established target business. For the foregoing reasons, you should consider our management team s financial incentive to complete an initial business combination when evaluating whether to redeem your shares prior to or in connection with the initial business combination. Resources could be wasted in researching business combinations that are not completed, which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only approximately 10.10 per share, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our Trust Account and our warrants will expire worthless. We anticipate that the investigation of each specific target business and the negotiation, drafting and execution of relevant agreements, disclosure documents and other instruments will require substantial management time and attention and substantial costs for accountants, attorneys, consultants and others. If we decide not to complete a specific initial business combination, the costs incurred up to that point for the proposed transaction likely would not be recoverable. Furthermore, if we reach an agreement relating to a specific target business, we may fail to complete our initial business combination for any number of reasons including those beyond our control. Any such event will result in a loss to us of the related costs incurred which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only approximately 10.10 per share on the liquidation of our Trust Account and our warrants will expire worthless. In certain circumstances, our public stockholders may receive less than 10.10 per share on the redemption of their shares. Our ability to successfully effect our initial business combination and to be successful thereafter will be totally dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel, some of whom may join us following our initial business combination. The loss of key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. Our ability to successfully effect our initial business combination is dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel. The role of our key personnel in the target business, however, cannot presently be ascertained. Although some of our key personnel may remain with the target business in senior management or advisory positions following our initial business combination, it is likely that some or all of the management of the target business will remain in place. While we intend to closely scrutinize any individuals we employ after our initial business combination, we cannot assure you that our assessment of these individuals will prove to be correct. These individuals may be unfamiliar with the requirements of operating a company regulated by the SEC, which could cause us to have to expend time and resources helping them become familiar with such requirements. In addition, the officers and directors of an initial business combination candidate may resign upon completion of our initial business combination. The departure of an initial business combination target s key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. The role of an initial 
 42 

Table of Contents 
 business combination candidate s key personnel upon the completion of our initial business combination cannot be ascertained at this time. Although we contemplate that certain members of an initial business combination candidate s management team will remain associated with the initial business combination candidate following our initial business combination, it is possible that members of the management of an initial business combination candidate will not wish to remain in place. The loss of key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. We are dependent upon our executive officers and directors and their departure could adversely affect our ability to operate. Our operations are dependent upon a relatively small group of individuals and, in particular, our executive officers and directors. We believe that our success depends on the continued service of our executive officers and directors, at least until we have completed our initial business combination. We do not have an employment agreement with, or key-man insurance on the life of, any of our directors or executive officers. The unexpected loss of the services of one or more of our directors or executive officers could have a detrimental effect on us. Our key personnel may negotiate employment or consulting agreements with a target business in connection with a particular business combination. These agreements may provide for them to receive compensation following our initial business combination and as a result, may cause them to have conflicts of interest in determining whether a particular business combination is the most advantageous. Our key personnel may be able to remain with the company after the completion of our initial business combination only if they are able to negotiate employment or consulting agreements in connection with the initial business combination. Such negotiations would take place simultaneously with the negotiation of the initial business combination and could provide for such individuals to receive compensation in the form of cash payments and/or our securities for services they would render to us after the completion of the initial business combination. The personal and financial interests of such individuals may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business. However, we believe the ability of such individuals to remain with us after the completion of our initial business combination will not be the determining factor in our decision as to whether or not we will proceed with any potential business combination. There is no certainty, however, that any of our key personnel will remain with us after the completion of our initial business combination. We cannot assure you that any of our key personnel will remain in senior management or advisory positions with us. The determination as to whether any of our key personnel will remain with us will be made at the time of our initial business combination. We may have a limited ability to assess the management of a prospective target business and, as a result, may effect our initial business combination with a target business whose management may not have the skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company, which could, in turn, negatively impact the value of our stockholders investment in us. When evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial business combination with a prospective target business, our ability to assess the target business s management may be limited due to a lack of time, resources or information. Our assessment of the capabilities of the target s management, therefore, may prove to be incorrect and such management may lack the skills, qualifications or abilities we suspected. Should the target s management not possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to manage a public company, the operations and profitability of the post-combination business may be negatively impacted. Accordingly, any stockholders who choose to remain stockholders following the initial business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their shares. Such stockholders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value. Our officers and directors will allocate their time to other businesses thereby causing conflicts of interest in their determination as to how much time to devote to our affairs. This conflict of interest could have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial business combination. Our officers and directors are not required to, and will not, commit their full time to our affairs, which may result in a conflict of interest in allocating their time between our operations and our search for an initial business combination and their other businesses. We do not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination. Each of our officers is engaged in other business endeavors for which he may be entitled to substantial compensation and our officers are not obligated to contribute any specific number of hours per week to our affairs. Our independent directors may also serve as officers or board members for other entities. If our officers and directors other business affairs require them to devote substantial amounts of time to such affairs in excess of their current commitment levels, it could limit their ability to devote time to our affairs which may have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial business combination. 
 43 

Table of Contents 
 Certain of our officers and directors are now, and all of them may in the future become, affiliated with entities engaged in business activities similar to those intended to be conducted by us and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in allocating their time and determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. Until we consummate our initial business combination, we intend to engage in the business of identifying and combining with one or more businesses. Our New Sponsor, officers and directors are, and may in the future become, affiliated with entities (such as operating companies or investment vehicles) that are engaged in a similar business, although they may not participate in the formation of, or become an officer or director of, any other special purpose acquisition companies with a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act until we have entered into a definitive agreement regarding our initial business combination or we have failed to complete our initial business combination by June 2, 2023. Our officers and directors also may become aware of business opportunities which may be appropriate for presentation to us and the other entities to which they owe certain fiduciary or contractual duties. Accordingly, they may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. These conflicts may not be resolved in our favor and a potential target business may be presented to another entity prior to its presentation to us. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of our company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue, and to the extent the director or officer is permitted to refer that opportunity to us without violating another legal obligation. Our officers, directors, security holders and their respective affiliates may have competitive pecuniary interests that conflict with our interests. We have not adopted a policy that expressly prohibits our directors, officers, security holders or affiliates from having a direct or indirect pecuniary or financial interest in any investment to be acquired or disposed of by us or in any transaction to which we are a party or have an interest. In fact, we may enter into an initial business combination with a target business that is affiliated with our New Sponsor, our directors or officers, although we do not intend to do so. We do not have a policy that expressly prohibits any such persons from engaging for their own account in business activities of the types conducted by us. Accordingly, such persons or entities may have a conflict between their interests and ours. We may engage in an initial business combination with one or more target businesses that have relationships with entities that may be affiliated with our New Sponsor, officers, directors or existing holders which may raise potential conflicts of interest. In light of the involvement of our New Sponsor, officers and directors with other entities, we may decide to acquire one or more businesses affiliated with our New Sponsor, officers or directors. Our directors also serve as officers and board members for other entities. Such entities may compete with us for business combination opportunities. Our New Sponsor, officers and directors are not currently aware of any specific opportunities for us to complete our initial business combination with any entities with which they are affiliated, and there have been no preliminary discussions concerning an initial business combination with any such entity or entities. Although we will not be specifically focusing on, or targeting, any transaction with any affiliated entities, we would pursue such a transaction if we determined that such affiliated entity met our criteria for an initial business combination and such transaction was approved by a majority of our disinterested directors. Despite our agreement to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA, or from an independent accounting firm, regarding the fairness to our stockholders from a financial point of view of an initial business combination with one or more domestic or international businesses affiliated with our officers, directors or existing holders, potential conflicts of interest still may exist and, as a result, the terms of the initial business combination may not be as advantageous to our public stockholders as they would be absent any conflicts of interest. Since our New Sponsor, officers and directors will lose their entire investment in us if our initial business combination is not completed, a conflict of interest may arise in determining whether a particular business combination target is appropriate for our initial business combination. On February 14, 2021, the Original Sponsor purchased an aggregate of 2,581,500 founder shares for an aggregate purchase price of 25,000, or approximately 0.009 per share. The number of founder shares issued was determined based on the expectation that such founder shares would represent 20 of the outstanding shares after our Initial Public Offering (not including the shares of Common Stock issuable to Maxim, or the common stock underlying the Private Placement Warrants, or the warrants issuable upon conversion of working capital loans). On March 13, 2023, the New Sponsor purchased from the Original Sponsor 2,581,500 founder shares for an aggregate purchase price of 1.00. The founder shares will be worthless if we do not complete an initial business combination. In addition, our Original Sponsor, and Maxim and/or its designees purchased an aggregate of 4,571,000 Private Placement Warrants at a 
 44 

Table of Contents 
 price of 1.00 per private warrant, for an aggregate purchase price of 4,571,000, of which 3,871,000 Private Placement Warrants were purchased by our Original Sponsor and 700,000 Private Placement Warrants were purchased by Maxim and/or its designees. In connection with the partial exercise of the underwriter s over-allotment option, we sold an additional 97,800 Private Placement Warrants, of which 74,980 Private Placement Warrants were purchased by our Original Sponsor and 22,820 Private Placement Warrants were purchased by Maxim, at a price of 1.00 per Private Placement Warrant. On March 13, 2023, the New Sponsor also purchased 5,869,880 Private Placement Warrants from the Old Sponsor. The Private Placement Warrants will also be worthless if we do not complete an initial business combination. Holders of founder shares have agreed (A) to vote any shares owned by them in favor of any proposed initial business combination and (B) not to redeem any founder shares in connection with a stockholder vote to approve a proposed initial business combination or in connection with a tender offer. In addition, we may obtain loans from our New Sponsor, affiliates of our New Sponsor or an officer or director. The personal and financial interests of our officers and directors may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business combination, completing an initial business combination and influencing the operation of the business following the initial business combination. This risk may become more acute as the deadline for our completion of an initial business combination nears. General Risks. We are an emerging growth company within the meaning of the Securities Act, and if we take advantage of certain exemptions from disclosure requirements available to emerging growth companies, this could make our securities less attractive to investors and may make it more difficult to compare our performance with other public companies. We are an emerging growth company within the meaning of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act, and we may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. As a result, our stockholders may not have access to certain information they may deem important. We could be an emerging growth company for up to five years, although circumstances could cause us to lose that status earlier, including if the market value of our Common Stock held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of any June 30 before that time, in which case we would no longer be an emerging growth company as of the following December 31. We cannot predict whether investors will find our securities less attractive because we will rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result of our reliance on these exemptions, the trading prices of our securities may be lower than they otherwise would be, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the trading prices of our securities may be more volatile. Further, Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such an election to opt out is irrevocable. We have elected not to opt out of such extended transition period, which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, we, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of our financial statements with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accountant standards used. Additionally, we are a smaller reporting company as defined in Rule 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates exceeds 250 million as of the end of the prior June 30th, or (2) our annual revenues exceeded 100 million during such completed fiscal year and the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the prior June 30th. To the extent we take advantage of such reduced disclosure obligations, it may also make comparison of our financial statements with other public companies difficult or impossible. 
 45 

Table of Contents 
 Compliance obligations under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may make it more difficult for us to effectuate our initial business combination, require substantial financial and management resources, and increase the time and costs of completing an initial business combination. Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires that we evaluate and report on our system of internal controls beginning with our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ending December 31, 2021. Only in the event we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer, and no longer qualify as an emerging growth company, will we be required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement on our internal control over financial reporting. Further, for as long as we remain an emerging growth company, we will not be required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement on our internal control over financial reporting. The fact that we are a blank check company makes compliance with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act particularly burdensome on us as compared to other public companies because a target company with which we seek to complete our initial business combination may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of its internal controls. The development of the internal control of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such business combination. Provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and Delaware law may inhibit a takeover of us, which could limit the price investors might be willing to pay in the future for our Common Stock and could entrench management. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation contains provisions that may discourage unsolicited takeover proposals that stockholders may consider to be in their best interests. These provisions include a staggered board of directors and the ability of the board of directors to designate the terms of and issue new series of preferred shares, which may make the removal of management more difficult and may discourage transactions that otherwise could involve payment of a premium over prevailing market prices for our securities. We are also subject to anti-takeover provisions under Delaware law, which could delay or prevent a change of control. Together these provisions may make the removal of management more difficult and may discourage transactions that otherwise could involve payment of a premium over prevailing market prices for our securities. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation requires, to the fullest extent permitted by law, that derivative actions brought in our name, actions against our directors, officers, other employees or stockholders for breach of fiduciary duty and other similar actions may be brought only in the Court of Chancery in the State of Delaware and, if brought outside of Delaware, the stockholder bringing the suit will be deemed to have consented to service of process on such stockholder s counsel, which may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against our directors, officers, other employees or stockholders. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation requires, to the fullest extent permitted by law, that derivative actions brought in our name, actions against our directors, officers, other employees or stockholders for breach of fiduciary duty and other similar actions may be brought only in the Court of Chancery in the State of Delaware and, if brought outside of Delaware, the stockholder bringing the suit will be deemed to have consented to service of process on such stockholder s counsel except any action (A) as to which the Court of Chancery in the State of Delaware determines that there is an indispensable party not subject to the jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery (and the indispensable party does not consent to the personal jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery within ten days following such determination), (B) which is vested in the exclusive jurisdiction of a court or forum other than the Court of Chancery, or (C) for which the Court of Chancery does not have subject matter jurisdiction. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in shares of our capital stock shall be deemed to have notice of and consented to the forum provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. This choice of forum provision may make it more costly for a stockholder to bring a claim, and it may also limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or any of our directors, officers, other employees or stockholders, which may discourage lawsuits with respect to such claims, although our stockholders cannot waive our compliance with federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. Alternatively, if a court were to find the choice of forum provision contained in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions, which could harm our business, operating results and financial condition. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that the exclusive forum provision will be applicable to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law. Section 27 of the Exchange Act creates exclusive federal jurisdiction over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. As a result, the exclusive forum provision will not apply to suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. In addition, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the federal district courts of the United States of America shall, to the fullest extent permitted by 
 46 

Table of Contents 
 law, be the exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act or the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. We note, however, that there is uncertainty as to whether a court would enforce this provision and that investors cannot waive compliance with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. Section 22 of the Securities Act creates concurrent jurisdiction for state and federal courts over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Securities Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. Our warrant agreement designates the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by holders of our warrants, which could limit the ability of warrant holders to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with our company. Our warrant agreement provides that, subject to applicable law, (i) any action, proceeding or claim against us arising out of or relating in any way to the warrant agreement will be brought and enforced in the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, and (ii) that we irrevocably submit to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction shall be the exclusive forum for any such action, proceeding or claim. We will waive any objection to such exclusive jurisdiction and that such courts represent an inconvenient forum. Notwithstanding the foregoing, these provisions of the warrant agreement will not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal district courts of the United States of America are the sole and exclusive forum. In addition, the warrant agreement provides that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the federal district courts of the United States of America shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be the exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act or the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in any of our warrants shall be deemed to have notice of and to have consented to the forum provisions in our warrant agreement. If any action, the subject matter of which is within the scope the forum provisions of the warrant agreement, is filed in a court other than a court of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York (a foreign action in the name of any holder of our warrants, such holder shall be deemed to have consented to: (x) the personal jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located in the State of New York in connection with any action brought in any such court to enforce the forum provisions (an enforcement action ), and (y) having service of process made upon such warrant holder in any such enforcement action by service upon such warrant holder s counsel in the foreign action as agent for such warrant holder. This choice-of-forum provision may limit a warrant holder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with our company, which may discourage such lawsuits. Alternatively, if a court were to find this provision of our warrant agreement inapplicable or unenforceable with respect to one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such matters in other jurisdictions, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and result in a diversion of the time and resources of our management and board of directors. Item 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS None. Item 2. PROPERTIES Our executive offices are located at 515 Madison Avenue, 8th Floor, Suite 8133, New York, NY 10022, and our telephone number is (929) 412-1272. Item 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS None. Item 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES None. 
 47 

Table of Contents 
 PART II Item 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES Market Information Our Units began trading on The Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol OTECU on May 28, 2021. On July 16, 2021, we announced that holders of our Units could elect to separately trade our Common Stock and warrants included in the Units. On July 19, 2021, our Common Stock and warrants became available for separate trading on Nasdaq under the symbols OTEC and OTECW respectively. Stockholders As of March 30, 2023, we had 1,951,763 outstanding shares of Class A common stock, 2,581,500 outstanding shares of Class B common stock, approximately three holders of record of our Class A common stock and one holder of record of our Class B common stock. Unregistered Sales of Securities On February 14, 2021, the Original Sponsor purchased 2,875,000 shares of our Class B common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, (the Founder Shares for an aggregate price of 25,000. Our Original Sponsor agreed to forfeit up to 375,000 Founder Shares to the extent that the over-allotment option is not exercised in full by the underwriter, so that the Founder Shares will represent 20.0 of our issued and outstanding shares after the Initial Public Offering. On June 17, 2021, the underwriter partially exercised the over-allotment option to purchase an additional 326,000 Units. On June 21, 2021, the underwriter forfeited the right to purchase the remaining 1,174,000 Units of the over-allotment option, and 293,500 shares of Class B common stock were subsequently forfeited. On June 2, 2021, the Original Sponsor purchased 3,871,000 Private Placement Warrants and Maxim purchased 700,000 Private Placement Warrants at a price of 1.00 per Private Placement Warrant, generating gross proceeds of 4.6 million. In connection with the partial exercise of the underwriter s over-allotment option on June 17, 2021, we sold an additional 97,800 Private Placement Warrants, of which 74,980 Private Placement Warrants were purchased by the Original Sponsor and 22,820 Private Placement Warrants were purchased by Maxim, generating additional gross proceeds of 0.1 million. These issuances were made pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. No underwriting discounts or commissions were paid with respect to such sales. Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities We did not repurchase any of our equity securities during the year ended December 31, 2022. Item 6. [RESERVED] 
 48 

Table of Contents 
 Item 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS References to the Company, our, us or we refer to OceanTech Acquisitions I Corp. The following discussion and analysis of the Company s financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto contained elsewhere in this report. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements This Annual Report on Form 10-K includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). We have based these forward-looking statements on our current expectations and projections about future events. These forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and assumptions about us that may cause our actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as may, should, could, would, expect, plan, anticipate, believe, estimate, continue, or the negative of such terms or other similar expressions. Such statements include, but are not limited to, possible business combinations and the financing thereof, and related matters, as well as all other statements other than statements of historical fact included in this Form 10-K. The Company s securities filings can be accessed on the EDGAR section of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission s (the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. Except as expressly required by applicable securities law, the Company disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Overview We are a blank check company incorporated in Delaware on February 3, 2021, for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more. We are an emerging growth company and, as such, are subject to all the risks associated with emerging growth companies. Our Original Sponsor was OceanTech Acquisitions I Corp., a Delaware limited liability company. The registration statement for the initial public offering Initial Public Offering was declared effective on May 27, 2021. On June 2, 2021, we consummated our Initial Public Offering of 10,000,000 units (the Units and, with respect to the Class A common stock included in the Units, the Common Stock ), at 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of 100 million, and incurring offering costs (inclusive of the partial exercise of the underwriter s over-allotment option on June 17, 2021) of approximately 7.4 million, inclusive of 2.1 million of underwriting discount and 3.6 million in deferred underwriting commissions. The underwriter was granted a 45-day option from the date of the final prospectus relating to the Initial Public Offering to purchase up to 1,500,000 additional Units (the Over-Allotment Units to cover over-allotments, if any, at 10.00 per Unit. On June 17, 2021, the underwriter partially exercised their over-allotment option to purchase an additional 326,000 Units, resulting in incremental gross proceeds of approximately 3.3 million. The underwriter waived its right to exercise the remaining over-allotment option on June 21, 2021. Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, we consummated the private placement Private Placement of 4,571,000 warrants (each, a Private Placement Warrant and collectively, the Private Placement Warrants ), of which 3,871,000 Private Placement Warrants were purchased by our Original Sponsor and 700,000 Private Placement Warrants were purchased by Maxim Group LLC (and/or its designees) Maxim ), each exercisable to purchase one share of Common Stock at 11.50 per share, at a price of 1.00 per Private Placement Warrant, generating gross proceeds to us of 4.6 million. In connection with the partial exercise of the underwriter s over-allotment option, we sold an additional 97,800 Private Placement Warrants, of which 74,980 Private Placement Warrants were purchased by our Original Sponsor and 22,820 Private Placement Warrants were purchased by Maxim, at a price of 1.00 per Private Placement Warrant, generating additional gross proceeds of 0.1 million. Upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering and the Private Placement (including the additional Units and additional Private Placement Warrants sold in connection with the partial exercise of the underwriter s over-allotment option), 104,292,600 10.10 per Unit) of the net proceeds of the sale of the Units in the Initial Public Offering and the Private Placement were placed in the Trust Account. If we are unable to complete an initial business combination until June 2, 2023, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the shares of Common Stock, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned 
 49 

Table of Contents 
 on the funds held in the Trust Account (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding shares of Common Stock, which redemption will completely extinguish Public Stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the remaining stockholders and the board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. On June 2, 2022 the Company caused to be deposited 1,548,900 into the Company s Trust account for its public stockholders, representing 0.15 per public share, allowing the Company to extend the period of time it has to consummate its initial business combination by six months from June 2, 2022, to December 2, 2022 (the Extension ). The Extension is permitted under the Company s governing documents. We identify a significant risk of liquidation of us as of December 2, 2022, deadline as per our prospectus to consummate a business combination. On August 10, 2022, we, Merger Sub, and our Original Sponsor entered into a Merger Agreement with the Target and Geranen. Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, upon the Closing of the business combination, we would effect the merger of Merger Sub with and into the Target, with the Target continuing as the surviving entity (the Merger ), as a result of which all of the issued and outstanding capital stock of the Target would be exchanged for shares of the Class A Common Stock of the Company upon the terms set forth as follows: the Target s shareholders collectively would be entitled to receive from the Company, in the aggregate, a number of Company s securities with an aggregate value equal to (a) 200,000,000 minus (b) the amount, if any, by which the Target s net working capital amount exceeds the net working capital amount (but not less than zero), minus (c) the amount of Closing Net Indebtedness (as defined in the Merger Agreement) minus (d) the amount of any transaction expenses, provided that the merger consideration otherwise payable to the Target s shareholders is subject to adjustment after the Closing in accordance with the terms of the Merger Agreement. The obligations of the parties to consummate the business combination was subject to the satisfaction or waiver of certain customary closing conditions of the respective parties, including, without limitation: (a) the representations and warranties of the respective Parties being true and correct subject to the materiality standards contained in the Merger Agreement; (b) material compliance by the Parties of their respective pre-closing covenants and agreements, subject to the standards contained in the Merger Agreement; (c) the approval by the Company s stockholders of the business combination; (d) the approval by the Target s stockholders of the business combination; (e) the absence of any Material Adverse Effect (as defined in the Merger Agreement) with respect to the Company or with respect to the Target since the effective date of the Merger Agreement that is continuing and uncured; (f) the election of the members of the post-Closing Board consistent with the provisions of the Merger Agreement, a majority of which are to be independent in accordance with the Nasdaq rules; (g) the Company having at least 5,000,001 in tangible net assets upon the Closing; (h) the entry into certain ancillary agreements as of the Closing; (i) the lack of any notice or communication from, or position of, the SEC requiring the Company to amend or supplement the Prospectus and Proxy Statement; and (j) the receipt of certain closing deliverables. On October 13, 2022, parties to the Merger Agreement mutually terminated it pursuant to Section 8.1(a) of the Merger Agreement, effective immediately. Neither party was required to pay the other a termination fee as a result of the mutual decision to terminate the Merger Agreement. On November 15, 2022, we, Merger Sub, and our Original Sponsor entered into a Merger Agreement with a second target (the Second Target and Merger Sub 2. Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, subject to the terms and conditions set forth therein, upon the closing of the business combination, we would effect the merger of Merger Sub 1 with and into the Second Target, with the Second Target continuing as the surviving entity and a wholly-owned subsidiary OceanTech (the First Merger ), and immediately following the First Merger, effect the merger of the Second Target, as the surviving entity of the First Merger, with and into Merger Sub 2, with Merger Sub 2 continuing as the surviving entity (the Second Merger and, together with the First Merger, the Mergers ). As a result of the Mergers, all of the issued and outstanding capital stock of the Second Target would be exchanged for shares of Class A Common Stock of the Company upon the terms set forth as follows: the Second Target s shareholders collectively would be entitled to receive from the Company, in the aggregate, (a) twenty million (20,000,000) shares of Company Class A Common Stock, (the Closing Merger Consideration ), subject to certain adjustments in the event that, during the period after signing before the Closing, the Second Target issued equity or other securities for interim financing purposes (the Interim Financing); and (b) subject to certain adjustments, terms and conditions set forth in the Merger Agreement, for the Second Target s stockholders other than the holders of the Interim Financing shares, up to twenty million (20,000,000) shares of the Company Class A Common Stock Stockholder Earnout Merger Consideration ). In addition, subject to certain adjustments, terms and conditions set forth in the Merger Agreement, (1) after Closing, certain management members of the Second Target (the Management Earnout Recipients would be entitled to receive from the Company sixteen million (16,000,000) shares of the Company Class A Common Stock, subject to the addition of bonus shares if the financial metrics of the post-Merger company exceed such financial target by 20 (the Management Earnout Merger Consideration and (2) after Closing, the Original Sponsor would be entitled to four million (4,000,000) shares of the Company Class A Common Stock (the Sponsor Earnout Merger Consideration and together with the Stockholder Earnout Merger Consideration and the Management 
 50 

Table of Contents 
 Earnout Merger Consideration, the Earnout Consideration ). The Earnout Consideration was subject to certain proration and catch-up earnout provisions. The obligations of the parties to consummate the business combination was subject to the satisfaction or waiver of certain customary closing conditions of the respective parties, including, without limitation: (a) the representations and warranties of the respective Parties being true and correct subject to the materiality standards contained in the Merger Agreement; (b) material compliance by the Parties of their respective pre-closing covenants and agreements, subject to the standards contained in the Merger Agreement; (c) the approval by the Company s stockholders of the business combination; (d) the approval by the Second Target s stockholders of the business combination; (e) the absence of any Material Adverse Effect (as defined in the Merger Agreement) with respect to the Company or with respect to the Second Target since the effective date of the Merger Agreement that is continuing and uncured; (f) the election of the members of the post-Closing Board consistent with the provisions of the Merger Agreement, a majority of which are to be independent in accordance with the Nasdaq rules; (g) the Company having at least 5,000,001 in tangible net assets upon the Closing; (h) the entry into certain ancillary agreements as of the Closing; (i) the lack of any notice or communication from, or position of, the SEC requiring the Company to amend or supplement the Prospectus and Proxy Statement; (j) the shares of Company Class A Common Stock issued as merger consideration being approved for listing on Nasdaq; the receipt of certain closing deliverables; (k) evidence that the Second Target has terminated, extinguished and cancelled in fully any outstanding Second Target s convertible securities or commitments; and (l) the Company having cash and cash equivalents, after giving effect to any stockholder redemptions, proceeds from any PIPE investment, and net of the Company s expenses, of at least 50,000,000. On February 3, 2023, parties to the Merger Agreement mutually terminated it pursuant to Section 8.1(a) of the Merger Agreement, effective immediately. Neither party was required to pay the other a termination fee as a result of the mutual decision to terminate the Merger Agreement. On November 29, 2022, we held a Special Meeting of Stockholders. At the Meeting, the Company s stockholders approved the Charter Amendment, which extends the date by which the Company must consummate its initial business combination from December 2, 2022 to June 2, 2023, subject to the approval of the Board of Directors of the Company, provided the sponsor or its designees deposit into the trust account an amount equal to 0.067 per share for each public share or 125,000, prior to the commencement of each extension period. In connection with the extension stockholders holding 8,477,497 shares of common stock exercised their right to redeem their shares for a pro rata portion of the funds in the Trust Account. As a result, approximately 87,541,322 (approximately 10.32 per share) was removed from the Trust Account to pay such holders, leaving 19,088,228 post redemption. On December 1, 2022, the Company caused to be deposited 125,000 into or Trust account for its public stockholders, representing 0.067 per public share, allowing the Company to extend the period of time it has to consummate its initial business combination by one month from December 2, 2022 to January 2, 2023. On December 30, 2022, the Company caused to be deposited 125,000 into our Trust account for its public stockholders, representing 0.067 per public share, allowing the Company to extend the period of time it has to consummate its initial business combination by one month from January 2, 2022, to February 2, 2023. On February 2, 2023, the Company caused to be deposited 125,000 into its Trust account for its public stockholders, representing 0.067 per public share, allowing the Company to extend the period of time it has to consummate its initial business combination by one month from February 2, 2022, to March 2, 2023. On March 2, 2023, the Company caused to be deposited 125,000 into its Trust account for its public stockholders, representing 0.067 per public share, allowing the Company to extend the period of time it has to consummate its initial business combination by one month from March 2, 2022, to April 2, 2023. Results of Operations Our entire activity since inception was in preparation for our Initial Public Offering, and since our Initial Public Offering, our activity has been limited to the search for a prospective initial business combination. We will not generate any operating revenues until the closing and completion of our initial business combination, at the earliest. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we had net income of 1,964,948, largely driven by change in fair value of warrant liabilities of 6,668,954 and interest on investments in trust of 1,251,889 offset by 2,355,895 in general and administrative expenses and 3,600,000 of extension offering costs allocated to warrants. 
 51 

Table of Contents 
 For the period from February 3, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, we had net income of 2,866,217, largely driven by change in fair value of warrant liabilities of 6,359,028 and interest on investments in trust of 3,348 offset by 2,805,647 in general and administrative expenses and 690,542 of offering costs allocated to warrants. Liquidity and Going Concern At December 31, 2022, we had cash of 35,806 and a working capital deficit of 2,209,084. Our liquidity needs up to December 31, 2022 were satisfied through the proceeds of 25,000 from the sale of the Founder Shares (Note 5), a loan of 323,039 under an unsecured and noninterest bearing promissory note related party (Note 5), and from the net proceeds from the consummation of the Initial Public Offering and the Private Placement held outside of the trust account Trust Account located in the United States at JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. with Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company acting as trustee. As of December 31, 2022, we had cash in the Trust Account of 19.4 million. We intend to use substantially all of the funds held in the Trust Account, including any amounts representing interest earned on the Trust Account (less deferred underwriting commissions) to complete its initial business combination. We may withdraw interest to pay taxes. To the extent that our capital stock or debt is used, in whole or in part, as consideration to complete its initial business combination. Until the consummation of a business combination, we will be using the funds not held in the Trust Account for identifying and evaluating prospective acquisition candidates, performing due diligence on prospective target businesses, paying for travel expenditures, selecting the target business to acquire, and structuring, negotiating and consummating the business combination. We will need to raise additional capital through loans or additional investments from its New Sponsor, stockholders, officers, directors, or third parties. Our New Sponsor, officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan our funds from time to time or at any time, in whatever amount they deem reasonable in their sole discretion, to meet our working capital needs. Accordingly, we may not be able to obtain additional financing. If we are unable to raise additional capital, it may be required to take additional measures to conserve liquidity, which could include, but not necessarily be limited to, curtailing operations, suspending the pursuit of a potential transaction, and reducing overhead expenses. In connection with the Company s assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board s FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 205-40, Presentation of Financial Statements Going Concern, the Company has until June 2, 2023, to consummate an initial business combination. It is uncertain that the Company will be able to consummate an initial business combination by this time. If an initial business combination is not consummated by this date, there will be a mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution of the Company. Additionally, the Company may not have sufficient liquidity to fund the working capital needs of the Company through one year from the issuance of these consolidated financial statements. Management has determined that the liquidity condition and mandatory liquidation, should an initial business combination not occur, and potential subsequent dissolution raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern for the next twelve months from the issuance of these financial statements. No adjustments have been made to the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities should the Company be required to liquidate after June 2, 2023. The Company s sponsor, officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds from time to time or at any time, in whatever amount they deem reasonable in their sole discretion, to meet the Company s working capital needs. Off-Balance Sheet Financing Arrangements We have no obligations, assets or liabilities, which would be considered off-balance sheet arrangements as of December 31, 2022. We do not participate in transactions that create relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, often referred to as variable interest entities, which would have been established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements. We have not entered into any off-balance sheet financing arrangements, established any special purpose entities, guaranteed any debt or commitments of other entities, or purchased any non-financial assets. Contractual Obligations Registration Rights The holders of Founder Shares (as defined below), Private Placement Warrants and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of Working Capital Loans, if any (and any shares of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of the Private Placement Warrants and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of Working Capital Loans and upon conversion of the Founder Shares), are entitled to 
 52 

Table of Contents 
 certain registration rights pursuant to a registration rights agreement. These holders will be entitled to certain demand and piggyback registration rights. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. Underwriting Agreement and Amendment. The underwriter was entitled to an underwriting discount of 0.20 per Unit, or 2,065,200 in the aggregate (reflecting the partial exercise by the underwriter of its over-allotment option), paid at the closing of the Initial Public Offering. 3,614,100 in the aggregate (reflecting the partial exercise by the underwriter of its over-allotment option), will be payable to the underwriter for deferred underwriting commissions. The deferred fee will become payable to the underwriter from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that we complete an initial business combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. On December 15, 2021, in order to resolve certain issues and concerns that have arisen between Maxim and the Company, both parties have agreed to amend the Underwriting Agreement as follows: (i) The Company and Maxim mutually agreed that the rights of first refusal be deleted and as if no further force and effect. As such, Maxim shall have no right of first refusal to act as an underwriter in any future financing event; (ii) As consideration for the waiver of the right of first refusal, if the Company consummates a business combination, the Company shall remit to Maxim a one-time cash payment of 2,000,000 at the closing of such business combination as a mergers and acquisition advisory fee; (iii) The Company and Maxim agreed that the over-allotment option has been limited to 326,000 Units and that the over-allotment option has terminated as of June 22, 2021; and (iv) The Company and Maxim agreed that the Company shall not be responsible for any additional reimbursements, out of pocket expenses, or disbursements of Maxim. For the sake of clarity, all right and obligations relating to underwriting fees (including but not limited to deferred underwriting commissions) shall not be amended or affected by this amendment. The 2,000,000 is recorded as other long-term liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets at December 31, 2022 and 2021. Critical Accounting Policies The preparation of the consolidated financial statements in conformity with US GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. We have identified the following as our critical accounting policies: Offering Costs Offering costs consisted of legal, accounting, underwriting and other costs incurred that were directly related to the Initial Public Offering. Offering costs are allocated to the separable financial instruments issued in the Initial Public Offering based on a relative fair value basis, compared to total proceeds received. Offering costs associated with warrant liabilities are expensed as incurred, presented as non-operating expenses in the consolidated statements of operations. Offering costs associated with the issuance of Class A common stock subject to possible redemption were charged to temporary equity upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering. The Company classifies deferred underwriting commissions as non-current liabilities as their liquidation is not reasonably expected to require the use of current assets or require the creation of current liabilities. In connection with the Extension payment on June 2, 2022, the Original Sponsor transferred 1,200,000 of previously issued Class B shares (the Founder Shares to the investors who participated in the offering. The fair value of the Founder Shares was determined to be an offering cost in accordance with Staff Accounting Bulletin Topic 5A and 5T. Accordingly, the offering cost was be allocated to the only financial instruments issued, which were private placement warrants. Offering costs allocated to derivative warrant liabilities are expensed as incurred in the statement of operations. Net Income Per Common Stock The Company complies with accounting and disclosure requirements of FASB ASC Topic 260, Earnings Per Share. The Company has two classes of shares, which are referred to as Class A common stock and Class B common stock. Income and losses are shared pro rata between the two classes of shares. Net income per common stock is calculated by dividing the net income by the weighted average shares of common stock outstanding for the respective period. The calculation of diluted net income does not consider the effect of the warrants underlying the Units sold in the Initial Public Offering and the private placement warrants to purchase an aggregate of 16,543,700 shares for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 14,994,800 shares for the period from February 3, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 of Class A common stock in the calculation of diluted income per share, because they are contingent on future events and their inclusion would be anti-dilutive under the treasury stock 
 53 

Table of Contents 
 method. As a result, diluted net income per share is the same as basic net income per share for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from February 3, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021. Accretion associated with the redeemable Class A common stock is excluded from earnings per share as the redemption value approximates fair value. JOBS Act The Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the JOBS Act contains provisions that, among other things, relax certain reporting requirements for qualifying public companies. We qualify as an emerging growth company and under the JOBS Act are allowed to comply with new or revised accounting pronouncements based on the effective date for private (not publicly traded) companies. We are electing to delay the adoption of new or revised accounting standards, and as a result, we may not comply with new or revised accounting standards on the relevant dates on which adoption of such standards is required for non-emerging growth companies. As a result, the consolidated financial statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with new or revised accounting pronouncements as of public company effective dates. Additionally, we are in the process of evaluating the benefits of relying on the other reduced reporting requirements provided by the JOBS Act. Subject to certain conditions set forth in the JOBS Act, if, as an emerging growth company, we choose to rely on such exemptions we may not be required to, among other things, (i) provide an auditor s attestation report on our system of internal controls over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404, (ii) provide all of the compensation disclosure that may be required of non-emerging growth public companies under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, (iii) comply with any requirement that may be adopted by the PCAOB regarding mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement to the auditor s report providing additional information about the audit and the consolidated financial statements (auditor discussion and analysis) and (iv) disclose certain executive compensation related items such as the correlation between executive compensation and performance and comparisons of the CEO s compensation to median employee compensation. These exemptions will apply for a period of five years following the completion of our Initial Public Offering or until we are no longer an emerging growth company, whichever is earlier. 
 54 

Table of Contents 
 Item 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK We are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information called for by this item. Item 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA This information appears following Item 15 of this Annual Report and is included herein by reference. Item 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE Not applicable. Item 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures Disclosure controls are procedures that are designed with the objective of ensuring that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed under the Exchange Act, such as this report, is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time period specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls are also designed with the objective of ensuring that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Our management evaluated, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer (our Certifying Officers ), the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022, pursuant to Rule 13a-15(b) under the Exchange Act. Based upon that evaluation, our Certifying Officers concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective, due to the material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting, accounting for complex financial instruments, and related party transactions. In light of this material weakness, we performed additional analysis as deemed necessary to ensure that our financial statements were prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Accordingly, management believes that the financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K present fairly in all material respects our financial position, results of operations and cash flows for the period presented. It is noted that the non-cash adjustments to the financial statement do not impact the amounts previously reported for our cash and cash equivalents or total assets. In light of this material weakness, we performed additional analysis as deemed necessary to ensure that our financial statements were prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. We do not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures will prevent all errors and all instances of fraud. Disclosure controls and procedures, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the disclosure controls and procedures are met. Further, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all disclosure controls and procedures, no evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures can provide absolute assurance that we have detected all our control deficiencies and instances of fraud, if any. The design of disclosure controls and procedures also is based partly on certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting As required by SEC rules and regulations implementing Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of our consolidated financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with GAAP. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of our company, 
 55 

Table of Contents 
 (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors, and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect errors or misstatements in our financial statements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree or compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting at December 31, 2022. In making these assessments, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013). Based on our assessments and those criteria, management determined that we did not maintain effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, due to the material weakness in our internal control over the financial reporting, accounting for complex financial instruments, and related party transactions. Management has implemented remediation steps to improve our internal control over financial reporting. Specifically, we expanded and improved our review process for complex securities, related party transactions and related accounting standards. We plan to further improve this process by enhancing access to accounting literature, identification of third-party professionals with whom to consult regarding complex accounting applications and implementing additional layers of reviews in the financial close process. Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting We have commenced our remediation efforts in connection with the identification of the material weakness discussed above and have taken the following steps subsequent to the year ended December 31, 2022: We have implemented procedures intended to ensure that we identify and apply the applicable accounting guidance to all complex and related party transactions. We are establishing additional monitoring and oversight controls designed to ensure the accuracy and completeness of our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 
 There have been no changes to our internal control over financial reporting during the year ended December 31, 2022 that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. Item 9B. OTHER INFORMATION Not applicable. Item 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS Not applicable. 
 56 

Table of Contents 
 PART III Item 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Officers and Directors Our officers and directors are as follows: 

Name Age Position Suren Ajjarapu 52 Chief Executive Officer and Chairman Francis Knuettel II 56 Chief Financial Officer Michael Peterson 61 Director Donald Fell 77 Director Venkatesh Srinivasan Director Siva Saravanan Director Suren Ajjarapu , our Chief Executive Officer and Chairman since March 13, 2023, has served a director of the Company since 2021. He has also served as Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer and Secretary of Trxade Group, Inc., (NASDAQ: MEDS) a Delaware corporation, and its predecessor company since July 2010. Beginning in 2021, Mr. Ajjarapu served as Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Aesther Healthcare Acquisition Corp., a special purpose acquisition company that consummated a business combination in February 2023. Mr. Ajjarapu is currently serving as a director of the merged company, Ocean Biomedical Inc. (Nasdaq:OCEA) (f.k.a Aesther Healthcare Acquisition Corp.). Since March 2018, Mr. Ajjarapu has served as Executive Chairman of the Board of Kano Energy Corp., a company involved in the development of renewable natural gas sites in the United States. Mr. Ajjarapu was a Founder and served as Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Sansur Renewable Energy, Inc., a company involved in developing wind power sites in the Midwest of the United States, from March 2009 to December 2012. Mr. Ajjarapu was also a Founder, President and Director of Aemetis, Inc., a biofuels company (NASDAQ: AMTX), and a Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of International Biofuels, a subsidiary of Aemetis, Inc., from January 2006 to March 2009. Mr. Ajjarapu was Co-Founder, Chief Operations Officer, and Director of Global Information Technology, Inc., an IT outsourcing and systems design company, headquartered in Tampa, Florida with major operations in India. Mr. Ajjarapu graduated from South Dakota State University with a M.S. in Environmental Engineering, and from the University of South Florida with an M.B.A., specializing in International Finance and Management. Mr. Ajjarapu is also a graduate of the Venture Capital and Private Equity program at Harvard University. Francis Knuettel II , our Chief Financial Officer, has over 25 years of management experience in venture and private-equity backed public companies, and has advised public and private companies on financial management and controls, mergers and acquisitions, capital markets transactions and operating and financial restructurings. Mr. Knuettel has also been serving as Chief Financial Officer of Chromocell Therapeutics Corp. since April 2022. Mr. Knuettel previously served as the Chief Executive Officer and director of Unrivaled Brands (OTCQX:UNRV), a vertically integrated company focused on the cannabis sector with operations in California and Nevada, from December 2020 to April 2022. Mr. Knuettel was formerly Director of Capital and Advisory at Viridian Capital Advisors, a position he held from June 2020 to January 2021, following the sale but prior to the close of the acquisition of One Cannabis Group, Inc. OCG by an OTCQX listed company. At OCG, Mr. Knuettel served from June 2019 to January 2021 as Chief Financial Officer of the company, a leading cannabis dispensary franchisor, with over thirty cannabis dispensaries across seven states. Prior to joining OCG, Mr. Knuettel was Chief Financial Officer at MJardin Group, Inc. MJardin (August 2018 to January 2019), a Denver-based cannabis cultivation and dispensary management company, where he led the company s IPO on the Canadian Securities Exchange. Following the IPO, Mr. Knuettel managed the merger with GrowForce, a Toronto-based cannabis cultivator, after which he moved over to the Chief Strategy Role (January 2019 to June 2019). In his role as CSO, he managed the acquisition of several private companies before recommending and executing the consolidation of management and other operations to Toronto and the closure of the executive office in Denver. From April to August 2018, Mr. Knuettel served as Chief Financial Officer of Aqua Metals, Inc. (NASDAQ:AQMS), an advanced materials firm that developed technology in battery recycling. Prior to that, from April 2014 to April, 2018, Mr. Knuettel served as Chief Financial Officer at Marathon Patent Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:MARA), a patent enforcement and licensing company. Before that, Mr. Knuettel held numerous CFO and CEO positions at early-stage companies where he had significant experience both building and restructuring businesses. Mr. Knuettel also holds numerous board positions, at both public and private companies, including 180 Life Sciences (Nasdaq:ATNF) (July 2021 to present), ECOM Medical, Murphy Canyon Acquisition Corp. (Nasdaq:MURF) (February 2022 to present) and Relativity Acquisition Corp. (RACY) (February 2022 to present). Mr. Knuettel graduated cum laude from Tufts University with a B.A. degree in Economics and from The Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania with an M.B.A. in Finance and Entrepreneurial Management. 
 57 

Table of Contents 
 Michael Peterson commenced serving as a director of Kernel Group Holdings, Inc. (Nasdaq:KRNL) in December 2022. Mr. Peterson has been serving as President, Chief Executive Officer and as a member of the Board of Directors of Lafayette Energy Corp. since April 2022. Beginning in September 2021, Mr. Peterson served as a member of the Board of Directors, Audit Committee (Chair), Compensation Committee and Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee of Aesther Healthcare Acquisition Corp., a special purpose acquisition company that consummated a business combination in February 2023. Mr. Peterson is currently serving as an independent director of the merged company, Ocean Biomedical Inc. (Nasdaq:OCEA) (f.k.a Aesther Healthcare Acquisition Corp.). Mr. Peterson has served as the president of Nevo Motors, Inc. since December 2020, which was established to commercialize a range extender generator technology for the heavy-duty electric vehicle market but is currently non-operational. Since May 2022, Mr. Peterson has served as a member of the Board of Directors and as the Chairperson of the Audit Committee of Trio Petroleum Corp., an oil and gas exploration and development company which is in the process of going public, since February 2021. Mr. Peterson has served on the board of directors and as the Chairman of the Audit Committee of Indonesia Energy Corporation Limited (NYSE American: INDO). Mr. Peterson previously served as the president of the Taipei Taiwan Mission of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, in Taipei, Taiwan from June 2018 to June 2021. Mr. Peterson served as an independent member of the Board of Directors of TRxADE HEALTH, Inc. (formerly Trxade Group, Inc.) from August 2016 to May 2021 (Nasdaq:MEDS). Mr. Peterson served as the Chief Executive Officer of PEDEVCO Corp. (NYSE American:PED), a public company engaged primarily in the acquisition, exploration, development and production of oil and natural gas shale plays in the US from May 2016 to May 2018. Mr. Peterson served as Chief Financial Officer of PEDEVCO between July 2012 and May 2016, and as Executive Vice President of Pacific Energy Development (PEDEVCO s predecessor) from July 2012 to October 2014, and as PEDEVCO s President from October 2014 to May 2018. Mr. Peterson joined Pacific Energy Development as its Executive Vice President in September 2011, assumed the additional office of Chief Financial Officer in June 2012, and served as a member of its board of directors from July 2012 to September 2013. Mr. Peterson formerly served as Interim President and CEO (from June 2009 to December 2011) and as director (from May 2008 to December 2011) of Pacific Energy Development, as a director (from May 2006 to July 2012) of Aemetis, Inc. (formerly AE Biofuels Inc.), a Cupertino, California-based global advanced biofuels and renewable commodity chemicals company (NASDAQ:AMTX), and as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Nevo Energy, Inc. (NEVE) (formerly Solargen Energy, Inc.), a Cupertino, California-based developer of utility-scale solar farms which he helped form in December 2008 (from December 2008 to July 2012). From 2005 to 2006, Mr. Peterson served as a managing partner of American Institutional Partners, a venture investment fund based in Salt Lake City. From 2000 to 2004, he served as a First Vice President at Merrill Lynch, where he helped establish a new private client services division to work exclusively with high-net-worth investors. From September 1989 to January 2000, Mr. Peterson was employed by Goldman Sachs Co. in a variety of positions and roles, including as a Vice President. Mr. Peterson received his MBA at the Marriott School of Management and a BS in statistics/computer science from Brigham Young University. Donald Fell brings along a wealth of experience in the field of economics and business to the Company. Mr. Fell has served as an independent director of Kernel Group Holdings, Inc. (Nasdaq:KRNL) since December 2022and TRxADE HEALTH, INC since January 2014, as well as a director of Trxade Nevada since December 2013. Mr. Fell also served as a director of Aesther Healthcare Acquisition Corp. (n/k/a Ocean Biomedical Inc. (Nasdaq:OCEA)) from 2021 to February 2023. He is presently Professor and Institute Director for the Davis, California-based Foundation for Teaching Economics and adjunct professor of economics for the University of Colorado, Colorado Springs. Mr. Fell held positions with the University of South Florida as a member of the Executive MBA faculty, Director of Executive and Professional Education and Senior Fellow of the Public Policy Institute from 1995 to 2012. Mr. Fell was also a visiting professor at the University of LaRochelle, France, and an adjunct professor of economics at both Illinois State University and The Ohio State University. Mr. Fell holds undergraduate and graduate degrees in economics from Indiana State University and is all but dissertation (ABD) in economics from Illinois State University. Through his work with the Foundation for Teaching Economics and the University of Colorado, Colorado Springs he has overseen graduate institutes on economic policy and environmental economics in 44 states, throughout Canada, the Islands and Eastern Europe. Venkatesh Srinivasan has served as an independent director of Kernel Group Holdings, Inc. (Nasdaq:KRNL) since December 2022. He also serves as President of Micro Labs USA and previously served as President of Rising Pharma, USA and as President and CEO of Ascend Laboratories, USA where he grew the business, building a new team and strengthening processes and systems. In addition, Mr. Srinivasan served as a Director at Pfizer India. Mr. Srinivasan previously served as a director of Aesther Healthcare Acquisition Corp. (n/k/a Ocean Biomedical Inc. (Nasdaq:OCEA)) from 2021 to February 2023. Siva Saravanan has more than 20 years of experience steering digital strategies and technology solutions for businesses. Mr. Saravanan has served as an independent director of Kernel Group Holdings, Inc. (Nasdaq:KRNL) since December 2022. Mr. Saravanan previously served as a director of Aesther Healthcare Acquisition Corp. (n/k/a Ocean Biomedical Inc. (Nasdaq:OCEA)) from 2021 to February 2023. Additionally, Mr. Saravanan is the Chief Digital Officer at Wavestone US, helping Fortune 1000 business and technology leaders accelerate digital transformation. Prior to joining Wavestone US, Siva was Chief Information Officer and SVP of Business Operations at Reviver, an exciting IoT start-up that creates connected digital license plates to enable true autonomous driving. He designed customer digital experiences, unified commerce, supply chain, field service operations and the digital agenda for Reviver. Siva was also VP for 
 58 

Table of Contents 
 IT Digital Transformation and Program Delivery at Aristocrat Technologies. While at Aristocrat Technologies, he led the transformation of business systems for a leading high-tech gaming manufacturer. Siva spent many years at Verifone as a Senior Director supporting technology operations in 40+ countries and also taking on delivery responsibilities. At VeriFone, he built a world-class global integrated supply chain network for agility and efficiency. Mr. Saravanan holds a M.S. in Systems Engineering from Tennessee State University and B.S in Mechanical Engineering from Annamalai University in Chidambaram, India. He is also on the Advisory Board of NishTech Inc., a digital commerce company and the Advisory Council of George Washington University School of Business Digital Program. Siva is a member of Forbes Technology Council contributing regularly . Number and Terms of Office of Officers and Directors We currently have four directors. Our board of directors is divided into two classes with only one class of directors being elected in each year and each class (except for those directors appointed prior to our first annual meeting of stockholders) serving a two-year term. In accordance with Nasdaq corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual meeting until one year after our first fiscal year end following our listing on Nasdaq. Our officers are appointed by the board of directors and serve at the discretion of the board of directors, rather than for specific terms of office. Our board of directors is authorized to appoint persons to the offices set forth in our bylaws as it deems appropriate. Our bylaws provide that our officers may consist of a Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, President, Vice Presidents, Secretary, Treasurer, Assistant Secretaries and such other offices as may be determined by the board of directors. Nasdaq listing standards require that a majority of our board of directors be independent. An independent director is defined generally as a person other than an officer or employee of the company or its subsidiaries or any other individual having a relationship which in the opinion of the company s board of directors, would interfere with the director s exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. Our board of directors has determined that Messrs. Michael Peterson, Donald Fell, Venkatesh Srinivasan, and Siva Saravanan are independent directors as defined in the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules. Our independent directors have regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent directors are present. Officer and Director Compensation None of our officers has received any cash compensation for services rendered to us. Commencing on May 28, 2021, we agreed to pay the Original Sponsor a total of 10,000 per month until March 13, 2023 and then to pay the New Sponsor from March 13, 2023 for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support. Upon completion of our initial business combination or our liquidation, we will cease paying these monthly fees. No compensation of any kind, including any finder s fee, reimbursement, consulting fee or monies in respect of any payment of a loan, will be paid by us to our New Sponsor, officers and directors, or any affiliate of our New Sponsor or officers, prior to, or in connection with any services rendered in order to effectuate, the consummation of our initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is). However, these individuals will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our New Sponsor, officers or directors, or our or their affiliates. Any such payments prior to an initial business combination will be made using funds held outside the Trust Account. Other than quarterly audit committee review of such payments, we do not expect to have any additional controls in place governing our reimbursement payments to our directors and executive officers for their out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with identifying and consummating an initial business combination. After the completion of our initial business combination, directors or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting or management fees from the combined company. All of these fees will be fully disclosed to stockholders, to the extent then known, in the tender offer materials or proxy solicitation materials furnished to our stockholders in connection with a proposed initial business combination. We have not established any limit on the amount of such fees that may be paid by the combined company to our directors or members of management. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of the proposed initial business combination, because the directors of the post-combination business will be responsible for determining officer and director compensation. Any compensation to be paid to our officers will be determined, or recommended to the board of directors for determination, either by a compensation committee constituted solely by independent directors or by a majority of the independent directors on our board of directors. We do not intend to take any action to ensure that members of our management team maintain their positions with us after the consummation of our initial business combination, although it is possible that some or all of our officers and directors may negotiate employment or consulting arrangements to remain with us after our initial business combination. The existence or terms of any such employment or consulting arrangements to retain their positions with us may influence our management s motivation in identifying or 
 59 

Table of Contents 
 selecting a target business but we do not believe that the ability of our management to remain with us after the consummation of our initial business combination will be a determining factor in our decision to proceed with any potential business combination. We are not party to any agreements with our officers and directors that provide for benefits upon termination of employment. Committees of the Board of Directors Our board of directors has two standing committees: an audit committee and a compensation committee. Subject to phase-in rules and a limited exception, Nasdaq rules and Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act require that the audit committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors, and Nasdaq rules require that the compensation committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors. Audit Committee We have established an audit committee of the board of directors. Messrs. Michael Peterson, Donald Fell, and Siva Saravanan serve as members of our audit committee, and Mr. Peterson chairs the audit committee. Under the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules, we are required to have at least three members of the audit committee, all of whom must be independent. Each of Messrs. Michael Peterson, Donald Fell, and Siva Saravanan meet the independent director standard under Nasdaq listing standards and under Rule 10-A-3(b)(1) of the Exchange Act. Each member of the audit committee is financially literate and our board of directors has determined that Mr. Gordon qualifies as an audit committee financial expert as defined in applicable SEC rules. We have adopted an audit committee charter, which details the principal functions of the audit committee, including: the appointment, compensation, retention, replacement, and oversight of the work of the independent registered public accounting firm engaged by us; pre-approving all audit and permitted non-audit services to be provided by the independent registered public accounting firm engaged by us, and establishing pre-approval policies and procedures; setting clear hiring policies for employees or former employees of the independent registered public accounting firm, including but not limited to, as required by applicable laws and regulations; setting clear policies for audit partner rotation in compliance with applicable laws and regulations; obtaining and reviewing a report, at least annually, from the independent registered public accounting firm describing (i) the independent registered public accounting firm s internal quality-control procedures, (ii) any material issues raised by the most recent internal quality-control review, or peer review, of the audit firm, or by any inquiry or investigation by governmental or professional authorities within the preceding five years respecting one or more independent audits carried out by the firm and any steps taken to deal with such issues and (iii) all relationships between the independent registered public accounting firm and us to assess the independent registered public accounting firm s independence; reviewing and approving any related party transaction required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC prior to us entering into such transaction; and reviewing with management, the independent registered public accounting firm, and our legal advisors, as appropriate, any legal, regulatory or compliance matters, including any correspondence with regulators or government agencies and any employee complaints or published reports that raise material issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies and any significant changes in accounting standards or rules promulgated by the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the SEC or other regulatory authorities. 
 Compensation Committee We have established a compensation committee of the board of directors. Messrs. Donald Fell, Michael Peterson, and Siva Saravanan serve as members of our compensation committee. Under the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules, we are required to 
 60 

Table of Contents 
 have at least two members of the compensation committee, all of whom must be independent. Messrs. Donald Fell, Michael Peterson, and Siva Saravanan are independent and Mr. Fell will chair the compensation committee. We have adopted a compensation committee charter, which details the principal functions of the compensation committee, including: reviewing and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our Chief Executive Officers compensation, if any is paid by us, evaluating our Chief Executive Officer s performance in light of such goals and objectives and determining and approving the remuneration (if any) of our Chief Executive Officer based on such evaluation; reviewing and approving on an annual basis the compensation, if any is paid by us, of all of our other officers; reviewing on an annual basis our executive compensation policies and plans; implementing and administering our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans; assisting management in complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements; approving all special perquisites, special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit arrangements for our officers and employees; if required, producing a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement; and reviewing, evaluating and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, as indicated above, other than the payment to the Original Sponsor of 10,000 per month until March 13, 2023 and then to the New Sponsor from March 13, 2023, by June 2, 2023, for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support and reimbursement of expenses, no compensation of any kind, including finders, consulting or other similar fees, will be paid to any of our existing stockholders, officers, directors or any of their respective affiliates, prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate the consummation of an initial business combination. Accordingly, it is likely that prior to the consummation of an initial business combination, the compensation committee will only be responsible for the review and recommendation of any compensation arrangements to be entered into in connection with such initial business combination. The charter also provides that the compensation committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant, legal counsel or other adviser and will be directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of any such adviser. However, before engaging or receiving advice from a compensation consultant, external legal counsel or any other adviser, the compensation committee will consider the independence of each such adviser, including the factors required by Nasdaq and the SEC. Director Nominations We do not have a standing nominating committee though we intend to form a corporate governance and nominating committee as and when required to do so by law or Nasdaq rules. In accordance with Rule 5605 of the Nasdaq rules, a majority of the independent directors may recommend a director nominee for selection by the board of directors. The board of directors believes that the independent directors can satisfactorily carry out the responsibility of properly selecting or approving director nominees without the formation of a standing nominating committee. The directors who participate in the consideration and recommendation of director nominees are Messrs. Donald Fell, Michael Peterson, and Siva Saravanan. In accordance with Rule 5605 of the Nasdaq rules, all such directors are independent. As there is no standing nominating committee, we do not have a nominating committee charter in place. The board of directors will also consider director candidates recommended for nomination by our stockholders during such times as they are seeking proposed nominees to stand for election at the next annual meeting of stockholders (or, if applicable, a special meeting of stockholders). Our stockholders that wish to nominate a director for election to our board of directors should follow the procedures set forth in our bylaws. We have not formally established any specific, minimum qualifications that must be met or skills that are necessary for directors to possess. In general, in identifying and evaluating nominees for director, the board of directors considers educational background, 
 61 

Table of Contents 
 diversity of professional experience, knowledge of our business, integrity, professional reputation, independence, wisdom, and the ability to represent the best interests of our stockholders. 
 62 

Table of Contents 
 Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation None of our officers currently serves, or in the past year has served, as a member of the compensation committee of any entity that has one or more officers serving on our board of directors. Code of Ethics We have adopted a Code of Ethics applicable to our directors, officers and employees. We have filed a copy of our Code of Ethics and our audit and compensation committee charters as exhibits to the registration statement filed with the SEC to register the Units in connection with the Initial Public Offering. You are able to review these documents by accessing our public filings at the SEC s web site at www.sec.gov . In addition, a copy of the Code of Ethics will be provided without charge upon request from us. We intend to disclose any amendments to or waivers of certain provisions of our Code of Ethics in a Current Report on Form 8-K. Legal Proceedings Involving Our Officers and Directors There is no material litigation, arbitration or governmental proceeding currently pending against us or any members of our management team in their capacity as such. Conflicts of Interest Members of our management team do not have any obligation to present us with any opportunity for a potential business combination of which they become aware, unless presented to such member solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of the company. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of our company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue, and to the extent the director or officer is permitted to refer that opportunity to us without violating another legal obligation. Potential investors should also be aware of the following other potential conflicts of interest: None of our officers or directors is required to commit his or her full time to our affairs and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in allocating his or her time among various business activities. In the course of their other business activities, our officers and directors may become aware of investment and business opportunities which may be appropriate for presentation to us as well as the other entities with which they are affiliated. Our management may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. Our initial stockholders have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and any public shares held by them in connection with the consummation of our initial business combination. Additionally, our initial stockholders have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares held by them if we fail to consummate our initial business combination by June 2, 2022 (or December 2, 2022 if we use our one time option to extend the period of time to consummate a business combination). If we do not complete our initial business combination within such applicable time period, the proceeds of the sale of the Private Placement Warrants held in the Trust Account will be used to fund the redemption of our public shares, and the Private Placement Warrants (and the underlying securities) will expire worthless. Our initial stockholders have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of their founder shares until the earlier to occur of (i) one year after the date of the consummation of our initial business combination or (ii) the date on which we consummate a liquidation, merger, stock exchange or other similar transaction which results in all of our stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of Class A common stock for cash, securities or other property (except as described under the section of our prospectus titled Principal Stockholders Restrictions on Transfers of Founder Shares and Private Placement Warrants on Form S-1). Any permitted transferees will be subject to the same restrictions and other agreements of our initial stockholders with respect to any founder shares. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the closing price of our shares of Class A common stock equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing 150 days after our initial business combination, the founder shares will no longer be subject to such transfer restrictions. With certain limited exceptions, the Private Placement Warrants and the Class A common stock underlying such warrants, will not be transferable, assignable or saleable by our New Sponsor or its permitted transferees until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination. Since our New Sponsor and officers and directors may directly or indirectly own common stock and warrants following our Initial Public Offering, our 
 63 

Table of Contents 
 officers and directors may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our initial business combination. Our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular business combination if the retention or resignation of any such officers and directors was included by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our initial business combination. Our New Sponsor, officers or directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a business combination and financing arrangements as we may obtain loans from our New Sponsor or an affiliate of our New Sponsor or any of our officers or directors to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination. Up to 1,500,000 of such working capital loans may be convertible into private placement-equivalent warrants at a price of 1.00 per warrant (which, for example, would result in the holders being issued 1,500,000 warrants if 1,500,000 of notes were so converted), at the option of the lender. Such warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants, including as to exercise price, exercisability and exercise period. 
 The conflicts described above may not be resolved in our favor. In general, officers and directors of a corporation incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware are required to present business opportunities to a corporation if: the corporation could financially undertake the opportunity; the opportunity is within the corporation s line of business; and it would not be fair to our company and its stockholders for the opportunity not to be brought to the attention of the corporation. 
 Accordingly, as a result of multiple business affiliations, our officers and directors may have similar legal obligations relating to presenting business opportunities meeting the above-listed criteria to multiple entities. Furthermore, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of our company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue, and to the extent the director or officer is permitted to refer that opportunity to us without violating another legal obligation. 
 64 

Table of Contents 
 Below is a table summarizing the entities to which our executive officers and directors currently have fiduciary duties or contractual obligations: 

NAME OF INDIVIDUAL NAME OF AFFILIATED COMPANY AFFILIATION Suren Ajjarpu Trxade Group, Inc. Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, and Secretary Aesther Healthcare Acquisition Corp. Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Ocean Biomedical Inc. Director Kano Energy Corp. Executive Chairman Francis Knuettel II Chromocell Therapeutics Corp. Chief Financial Officer 180 Life Sciences Board Member ECOM Medical Board Member Murphy Canyon Acquisition Corp. Board Member Relativity Acquisition Corp. Board Member Michael Peterson Kernel Group Holdings, Inc. Director Lafayette Energy Corp. President, Chief Executive Officer, and Board Member Aesther Healthcare Acquisition Corp. Board Member, Chair of Audit Committee, and Member of Compensation Committee and Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Ocean Biomedical Inc. Independent Director Trio Petroleum Corp. Board Member and Chair of Audit Committee Indonesia Energy Corporation Limited Director and Chair of Audit Committee Donald Fell Kernel Group Holdings, Inc. Independent Director TRxADE HEALTH, INC. Independent Director Trxade Nevada Director Foundation for Teaching Economics Professor and Institute Director University of Colorado, Colorado Springs Adjunct Professor Venkatesh Srinivasan Kernel Group Holdings, Inc. Independent Director Micro Labs USA President Siva Saravanan Kernel Group Holdings, Inc. Independent Director Waverstone US Chief Digital Officer Accordingly, if any of the above executive officers and directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for any of the above entities to which he or she has current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such business combination opportunity to such entity, and only present it to us if such entity rejects the opportunity. We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our New Sponsor, officers or directors. In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with such a company, we, or a committee of independent directors, would obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm which is a member of FINRA, or from an independent accounting firm, that such an initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. In the event that we submit our initial business combination to our public stockholders for a vote, pursuant to the letter agreement, our New Sponsor, officers and directors have agreed to vote any founder shares held by them and any public shares purchased during or after the offering (including in open market and privately negotiated transactions) in favor of our initial business combination. 
 65 

Table of Contents 
 Limitation on Liability and Indemnification of Officers and Directors Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that our officers and directors will be indemnified by us to the fullest extent authorized by Delaware law, as it now exists or may in the future be amended. In addition, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that our directors are not be personally liable for monetary damages to us or our stockholders for breaches of their fiduciary duty as directors, unless they violated their duty of loyalty to us or our stockholders, acted in bad faith, knowingly or intentionally violated the law, authorized unlawful payments of dividends, unlawful stock purchases or unlawful redemptions, or derived an improper personal benefit from their actions as directors. We have entered into agreements with our officers and directors to provide contractual indemnification in addition to the indemnification provided for in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. Our bylaws also will permit us to secure insurance on behalf of any officer, director or employee for any liability arising out of his or her actions, regardless of whether Delaware law would permit such indemnification. We have purchased a policy of directors and officers liability insurance that insures our officers and directors against the cost of defense, settlement or payment of a judgment in some circumstances and insures us against our obligations to indemnify our officers and directors. These provisions may discourage stockholders from bringing a lawsuit against our directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. These provisions also may have the effect of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against officers and directors, even though such an action, if successful, might otherwise benefit us and our stockholders. Furthermore, a stockholder s investment may be adversely affected to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against officers and directors pursuant to these indemnification provisions. We believe that these provisions, the directors and officers liability insurance and the indemnity agreements are necessary to attract and retain talented and experienced officers and directors. Item 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION Please see Officer and Director Compensation under Item 10 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Item 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS The following table sets forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of our common stock as of March [-], 2023 by: each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our outstanding shares of common stock; each of our executive officers and directors; and all our executive officers and directors as a group. 
 In the table below, percentage ownership is based on 1,848,503 shares of Class A Common Stock, 0.0001 par value per share outstanding as of November 29, 2022. Unless otherwise indicated, we believe that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of common stock beneficially owned by them. The following table does not reflect record 
 66 

Table of Contents 
 or beneficial ownership of the Private Placement rights or Private Placement Warrants as these warrants are not exercisable within 60 days of March 30, 2023. 

CLASS A ORDINARY SHARES CLASS B ORDINARY SHARES APPROXIMATE NUMBER OF APPROXIMATE NUMBER OF APPROXIMATE PERCENTAGE OF SHARES PERCENTAGE OF SHARES PERCENTAGE OF OUTSTANDING NAME AND ADDRESS OF BENEFICIALLY OUTSTANDING BENEFICIALLY OUTSTANDING ORDINARY BENEFICIAL OWNER(1) OWNED COMMON STOCK OWNED (2) COMMON STOCK SHARES Aspire Acquisition LLC (3) 2,851,000 100 60.7 Suren Ajjarapu (3) 2,851,000 100 60.7 Francis Knuettel II Michael Peterson Donald Fell Venkatesh Srinivasan Siva Saravanan All executive officers and directors as a group (6 individuals) 2,851,000 100 60.7 Owl Creek Asset Management, L.P. (4) 300,925 16.3 6.4 Glazer Capital, LLC (5) 150,000 8.1 3.2 

 Less than 1 (1) Unless otherwise noted, the business address of each of the following entities or individuals is c/o OceanTech Acquisitions I Corp., 515 Madison Avenue, 8th Floor, Suite 8133, New York, NY 10022. (2) Interests shown consist solely of founder shares, classified as shares of Class B common stock before the offering, and founder shares after the offering. Such shares are convertible into shares of Class A common stock on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment. (3) Represents shares held by OceanTech Acquisitions I Sponsors LLC, the Original Sponsor. Suren Ajjarapu is the managing member of our New Sponsor and may be deemed to have beneficial ownership of the common stock held directly by the Original Sponsor. Each such person disclaims any beneficial ownership of the reported shares other than to the extent of any pecuniary interest they may have therein, directly or indirectly. (4) According to a Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on February 9, 2022, on behalf of Owl Creek Asset Management L.P. and Jeffrey A. Altman. The business address of this stockholder is 640 Fifth Avenue, 20 th Floor, New York, NY 10019. (5) According to a Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on February 14, 2023, on behalf of Glazer Capital, LLC, and Paul J. Glazer. The business address of this stockholder is 250 West 55 th Street, Suite 30A, New York, NY 10019. The holders of the founder shares have agreed (A) to vote any shares owned by them in favor of any proposed initial business combination and (B) not to redeem any shares in connection with a stockholder vote to approve a proposed initial business combination or in connection with a tender offer. Our New Sponsor and our executive officers and directors are deemed to be our promoters as such term is defined under the federal securities laws. On February 14, 2021, the Original Sponsor purchased 2,875,000 shares of our Class B common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, (the Founder Shares for an aggregate price of 25,000. Our New Sponsor agreed to forfeit up to 375,000 Founder Shares to the extent that the over-allotment option is not exercised in full by the underwriter, so that the Founder Shares will represent 20.0 of our issued and outstanding shares after the Initial Public Offering. On June 17, 2021, the underwriter partially exercised the over-allotment option to purchase an additional 326,000 Units. On June 21, 2021, the underwriter forfeited the right to purchase the remaining 1,174,000 Units of the over-allotment option, and 293,500 shares of Class B common stock were subsequently forfeited. On June 2, 2021, the Original Sponsor purchased 3,871,000 Private Placement Warrants and Maxim purchased 700,000 Private Placement Warrants at a price of 1.00 per Private Placement Warrant, generating gross proceeds of 4.6 million. In connection with the partial exercise of the underwriter s over-allotment option on June 17, 2021, we sold an additional 97,800 Private Placement Warrants, of which 74,980 Private Placement Warrants were purchased by the Original Sponsor and 22,820 Private Placement Warrants were purchased by Maxim, generating additional gross proceeds of 0.1 million. 
 67 

Table of Contents 
 Item 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE On February 14, 2021, the Original Sponsor purchased 2,875,000 shares of our Class B common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, (the Founder Shares for an aggregate price of 25,000. Our New Sponsor agreed to forfeit up to 375,000 Founder Shares to the extent that the over-allotment option is not exercised in full by the underwriter, so that the Founder Shares will represent 20.0 of our issued and outstanding shares after the Initial Public Offering. On June 17, 2021, the underwriter partially exercised the over-allotment option to purchase an additional 326,000 Units. On June 21, 2021, the underwriter forfeited the right to purchase the remaining 1,174,000 Units of the over-allotment option, and 293,500 shares of Class B common stock were subsequently forfeited. On June 2, 2021, the Original Sponsor purchased 3,871,000 Private Placement Warrants and Maxim purchased 700,000 Private Placement Warrants at a price of 1.00 per Private Placement Warrant, generating gross proceeds of 4.6 million. In connection with the partial exercise of the underwriter s over-allotment option on June 17, 2021, we sold an additional 97,800 Private Placement Warrants, of which 74,980 Private Placement Warrants were purchased by the Original Sponsor and 22,820 Private Placement Warrants were purchased by Maxim, generating additional gross proceeds of 0.1 million. Commencing on May 28, 2021, we agreed to pay the Original Sponsor a total of 10,000 per month for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support. The administrative support agreement began on the day the Company first listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market and continue monthly until the completion of the Company s initial business combination or liquidation of the Company. As of December 31, 2021, the Company incurred 71,667 in administrative support fees which remains outstanding and is included on the accompanying balance sheet as due to related party . Other than the foregoing, no compensation of any kind, including any finder s fee, reimbursement, consulting fee or monies in respect of any payment of a loan, will be paid by us to our New Sponsor, officers and directors, or any affiliate of our New Sponsor or officers, prior to, or in connection with any services rendered in order to effectuate, the consummation of an initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is). However, these individuals will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our New Sponsor, officers, directors or our or their affiliates and will determine which expenses and the amount of expenses that will be reimbursed. There is no cap or ceiling on the reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses incurred by such persons in connection with activities on our behalf. The Original Sponsor previously loaned us 154,039 for a portion of the expenses of our Initial Public Offering. These loans were non-interest bearing, unsecured and were due at the earlier of December 31, 2021 or the closing of our Initial Public Offering. The loan was repaid upon the closing of our Initial Public Offering. In order to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, the New Sponsor, an affiliate of the New Sponsor or certain of the Company s officers and directors may, but is not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required (the Working Capital Loans ). If the Company completes an initial business combination, the Company would repay such loaned amounts out of the proceeds of the Trust Account released to the Company. Otherwise, such loans would be repaid only out of funds held outside the Trust Account. In the event that the initial business combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of the working capital held outside the Trust Account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from the Trust Account would be used to repay such loaned amounts. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into Private Placement Warrants of the post business combination entity, at a price of 1.00 per warrant at the option of the lender. The warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants issued to the Original Sponsor. As of December 31, 2021, no such Working Capital Loans were outstanding. After our initial business combination, members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other fees from the combined company with any and all amounts being fully disclosed to our stockholders, to the extent then known, in the tender offer or proxy solicitation materials, as applicable, furnished to our stockholders. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of distribution of such tender offer materials or at the time of a stockholder meeting held to consider our initial business combination, as applicable, as it will be up to the directors of the post-combination business to determine executive and director compensation. The holders of Founder Shares, Private Placement Warrants and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of Working Capital Loans, if any (and any shares of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of the Private Placement Warrants and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of Working Capital Loans and upon conversion of the Founder Shares), are entitled to certain registration rights pursuant to a registration rights agreement. These holders will be entitled to certain demand and piggyback registration rights. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. 
 68 

Table of Contents 
 Related Party Policy We have adopted a formal policy for the review, approval or ratification of related party transactions. Accordingly, the transactions discussed above were not reviewed, approved or ratified in accordance with any such policy. Prior to the consummation of the Initial Public Offering, we adopted a code of ethics requiring us to avoid, wherever possible, all conflicts of interests, except under guidelines or resolutions approved by our board of directors (or the appropriate committee of our board) or as disclosed in our public filings with the SEC. Under our code of ethics, conflict of interest situations will include any financial transaction, arrangement or relationship (including any indebtedness or guarantee of indebtedness) involving the company. A form of our code of ethics is filed as an exhibit to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. In addition, our audit committee, pursuant to a written charter, is responsible for reviewing and approving related party transactions to the extent that we enter into such transactions. An affirmative vote of a majority of the members of the audit committee present at a meeting at which a quorum is present will be required in order to approve a related party transaction. A majority of the members of the entire audit committee will constitute a quorum. Without a meeting, the unanimous written consent of all of the members of the audit committee will be required to approve a related party transaction. We also require each of our directors and executive officers to complete a directors and officers questionnaire that elicits information about related party transactions. These procedures are intended to determine whether any such related party transaction impairs the independence of a director or presents a conflict of interest on the part of a director, employee or officer. Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our New Sponsor, officers or directors, or our or their affiliates. To further minimize conflicts of interest, we have agreed not to consummate an initial business combination with an entity that is affiliated with any of our New Sponsor, officers or directors unless we, or a committee of independent directors, have obtained an opinion from an independent investment banking firm which is a member of FINRA or an independent accounting firm that our initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. 
 69 

Table of Contents 
 Item 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES The following is a summary of fees paid or to be paid to Marcum LLP, or Marcum, for services rendered. Audit Fees . Audit fees consist of fees billed for professional services rendered for the audit of our year-end consolidated financial statements and services that are normally provided by Marcum in connection with regulatory filings. The aggregate fees billed by Marcum for professional services rendered for the audit of our annual financial statements, review of the financial information included in our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q for the respective periods and other required filings with the SEC for the year ended December 31, 2022 totaled 74,675 and for the period from February 3, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, including services in connection with our Initial Public Offering totaled 93,009. The above amounts include interim procedures and audit fees, as well as attendance at audit committee meetings. Audit-Related Fees. Audit-related services consist of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to performance of the audit or review of our consolidated financial statements and are not reported under Audit Fees. These services include attest services that are not required by statute or regulation and consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards. During the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from February 3, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, we did not pay Marcum for consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards. Tax Fees . We did not pay Marcum for tax planning and tax advice for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from February 3, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021. All Other Fees . We did not pay Marcum for other services for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from February 3, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021. Pre-Approval Policy Our audit committee was formed upon the pricing of our initial public offering. As a result, the audit committee did not pre-approve all of the foregoing services, although any services rendered prior to the formation of our audit committee were approved by our board of directors. Since the formation of our audit committee, and on a going-forward basis, the audit committee has and will pre-approve all auditing services and permitted non-audit services to be performed for us by our auditors, including the fees and terms thereof (subject to the de minimis exceptions for non-audit services described in the Exchange Act which are approved by the audit committee prior to the completion of the audit). 
 70 

Table of Contents 
 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statements, and Schedules . (a) The following documents are filed as part of this form 10-K: (1) Consolidated Financial Statements: 

Page(s) Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID # F-1 Consolidated Financial Statements Consolidated Balance Sheets F-2 Consolidated Statements of Operations F-3 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit F-4 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows F-5 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements F-6 to F-22 (2) Financial Statement Schedules: None. (3) Exhibits We hereby file as part of this Report the exhibits listed in the attached Exhibit Index. Exhibits which are incorporated herein by reference can be inspected and copied at the public reference facilities maintained by the SEC, 100 F Street, N.E., Room 1580, Washington, D.C. 20549. Copies of such material can also be obtained from the Public Reference Section of the SEC, 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549, at prescribed rates or on the SEC website at www.sec.gov. 
 71 

Table of Contents 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary Not applicable. EXHIBIT INDEX 

Exhibit No. Description 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation. 3.2 By Laws 4.1 Description of securities. 4.2 Warrant Agreement, dated May 27, 2021, by and between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and the Company. 10.1 Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated May 27, 2021, by and between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and the Company. 10.2 Registration Rights Agreement, dated May 27, 2021, by and among the Company and the Original Sponsor. 10.3 Letter Agreement, dated May 27, 2021, by and among the Company, its officers and directors and the Original Sponsor. 10.4 Private Placement Warrants Purchase Agreement, dated May 27, 2021, by and between the Company and the Original Sponsor. 10.5 Administrative Support Agreement, dated May 27, 2021, by and between the Company and the Original Sponsor. 10.6 Securities Subscription Agreement, dated February 14, 2021, between the Company and the Original Sponsor. 10.7 Form of Indemnity Agreement 14.1 Form of Code of Ethics 31.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002. 31.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002. 32.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002. 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Calculation Linkbase 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Label Linkbase 101.PRE Inline XBRL Definition Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Definition Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 
 72 

Table of Contents 
 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Stockholders and Board of Directors of OceanTech Acquisitions I Corp. Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of OceanTech Acquisitions I Corp. (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in stockholders deficit and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from February 3, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial consolidated statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period February 3, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Explanatory Paragraph Going Concern The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company s business plan is dependent on the completion of a business combination and the Company s cash and working capital as of December 31, 2022 are not sufficient to complete its planned activities. The Company is subject to a mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution requirement if it does not complete a business combination by June 2, 2023. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Basis for Opinion These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. /s/ Marcum LLP We have served as the Company s auditor since 2021. March 30, 2023 
 f- 1 

Table of Contents 
 OCEANTECH ACQUISITIONS I CORP. CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, December 31, 2022 2021 ASSETS: Cash Prepaid expense Total current assets Investments held in Trust Account TOTAL ASSETS LIABILITIES, TEMPORARY EQUITY AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT: Accounts payable and accrued expenses Promissory note related party Due to related parties Total current liabilities Other long-term liabilities Deferred underwriting commissions Warrant liabilities Total Liabilities Commitments and Contingencies (see Note 8) Redeemable Common Stock Class A common stock subject to possible redemption, and shares (at redemption value) at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively Stockholders Deficit: Preferred shares, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding Class A common stock, par value; shares authorized; (excluding and shares subject to possible redemption, respectively) shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021 Class B common stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit ) ) Total Stockholders Deficit ) ) TOTAL LIABILITIES, TEMPORARY EQUITY AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 f- 2 

Table of Contents 
 OCEANTECH ACQUISITIONS I CORP. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For the period from For the Year February 3, 2021 Ended (inception) through December 31, December 31, 2022 2021 General and administrative expenses Loss from operations ) ) Other income Offering costs allocated to warrants ) ) Interest on investments in trust Change in fair value of warrant liabilities Total other income Net income Weighted average shares outstanding of Class A common stock subject to possible redemption, basic and diluted Basic and diluted net income per common stock, Class A subject to possible redemption Weighted average shares outstanding of Non-redeemable common stock, basic and diluted Basic and diluted net income per Non-redeemable common stock The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 f- 3 

Table of Contents 
 OCEANTECH ACQUISITIONS I CORP. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND FOR THE PERIOD FROM FEBRUARY 3, 2021 (INCEPTION) THROUGH December 31, 2021 

Additional Total Class A Common Stock Class B Common Stock Paid-in Accumulated Stockholders Shares Amount Shares Amount Capital Deficit Deficit Balance as of February 3, 2021 (Inception) Class B common stock issued to sponsor Issuance of non-redeemable representative shares Accretion of Class A common stock subject to possible redemption ) ) ) Proceeds in excess of fair value of private placements warrants Forfeiture of founder shares ) ) Net income Balance as of December 31, 2021 ) ) Accretion of Class A common stock subject to possible redemption ) ) Proceeds in excess of fair value of private placements warrants Fair value of Original Sponsor Shares transferred to extension investors Net income Balance as of December 31, 2022 ) ) The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 f- 4 

Table of Contents 
 OCEANTECH ACQUISITIONS I CORP. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the period from February 3, For the Year 2021 (inception) Ended Through December 31, December 31, 2022 2021 Cash Flows from Operating Activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash used in operating activities: Formation costs paid by Original Sponsor Offering costs allocated to warrants Interest earned on investments in trust ) ) Change in fair value of warrant liabilities ) ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Other long-term liabilities Prepaid assets ) Accounts payable and accrued costs Due to related party Net cash used in operating activities ) ) Cash Flows from Investing Activities: Investment of cash in trust account ) ) Cash withdrawn from Trust Account for tax and redemptions Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities ) Cash Flows from Financing Activities: Proceeds from initial public offering, net of underwriting discount Proceeds from private placement Proceeds from extension offering Trust redemptions ) Proceeds from the issuance of founders shares Proceeds from issuance of promissory note to related party Payment of deferred offering costs ) Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities ) Net Change in Cash ) Cash - Beginning Cash - Ending Supplemental Disclosure of Non-cash Financing Activities: Deferred offering costs paid by Original Sponsor under the promissory note Deferred underwriting commissions payable charged to additional paid-in-capital Initial classification of warrant liability Accretion of Class A common stock subject to possible redemption Fair value of Original Sponsor Shares transferred to extension investors The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements 
 f- 5 

Table of Contents 
 or more businesses. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had not commenced any operations. All activity for the period from February 3, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2022 relates to the Company s formation and the public offering (the Initial Public Offering as defined below, and, since the closing of the initial public offering, a search for a business combination candidate. The Company will not generate any operating revenues until after the completion of its initial business combination, at the earliest. The Company will generate non-operating income in the form of interest income on both cash from the proceeds derived from the Initial Public Offering and investments held in trust. The Company s original sponsor was OceanTech Acquisitions I Sponsors, LLC (the Original Sponsor ). As discussed in Note 11, on March 13, 2023 the Company s sponsor changed to Aspire Acquisition LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the New Sponsor ). Financing The registration statement for the Company s Initial Public Offering was declared effective on May 27, 2021 (the Effective Date ). On June 2, 2021, the Company consummated its Initial Public Offering of units (the Units at a price of per Unit, generating gross proceeds to the Company of , which is discussed in Note 3. Simultaneously with the consummation of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Units, the Company consummated the private placement sale Private Placement of an aggregate warrants Private Placement Warrants ), of which Private Placement Warrants were purchased by the Original Sponsor and Private Placement Warrants were purchased by Maxim Group LLC and/or its designees Maxim ), at a price of per Private Placement Warrant, generating total proceeds of . Transaction costs of the Initial Public Offering amounted to consisting of of underwriting discount, of deferred underwriting discount, in fair value of representative shares issued and of other offering costs. Of the transaction costs, were charged to operations for the portion related to warrants and were included as offering costs and charged against equity. The Company granted the underwriter in the Initial Public Offering a 45 -day option to purchase up to additional Units to cover over-allotments, if any. On June 17, 2021, the underwriter partially exercised the over-allotment option to purchase additional Units (the Over-Allotment Units ), generating an aggregate of gross proceeds of , and incurred in cash underwriting fees. On June 2, 2022, the Company closed and offering to private investors which included issuance of Private Warrants at a price of per warrant. Proceeds of the offering were deposited in the Company s Trust account for its public stockholders, representing per public share, allowing the Company to extend the period of time it has to consummate its initial business combination by six months from June 2, 2022, to December 2, 2022 (the Extension ). The Extension is permitted under the Company s governing documents. On August 10, 2022, the Company, OceanTech Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation Merger Sub ), and OceanTech Acquisitions I Sponsors, LLC, the Company s Original Sponsor, entered into a definitive Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement with Captura Biopharma, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Target , and together with the Company and Merger Sub, the Parties and Michael Geranen, as seller representative Geranen ). Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, upon the Closing of the business combination, we would effect the merger of Merger Sub with and into the Target, with the Target continuing as the surviving entity (the Merger ), as a result of which all of the issued and outstanding capital stock of the Target would be exchanged for shares of the Class A Common Stock of the Company upon the terms set forth as follows: the Target s shareholders collectively shall be entitled to receive from the Company, in the aggregate, a number of Company s securities with an aggregate value equal to (a) minus (b) the amount, if any, by which the Target s net working capital amount exceeds the net working capital amount (but not less than zero), 
 f- 6 

Table of Contents 
 in tangible net assets upon the Closing; (h) the entry into certain ancillary agreements as of the Closing; (i) the lack of any notice or communication from, or position of, the SEC requiring the Company to amend or supplement the Prospectus and Proxy Statement; and (j) the receipt of certain closing deliverables. On October 13, 2022, parties to the Merger Agreement mutually terminated it pursuant to Section 8.1(a) of the Merger Agreement, effective immediately. Neither party was required to pay the other a termination fee as a result of the mutual decision to terminate the Merger Agreement. On November 15, 2022, OceanTech Acquisitions I Corp., a Delaware corporation entered into a definitive business combination Agreement with OceanTech Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, OceanTech Merger Sub 2, LLC, a Wyoming limited liability company and wholly owned subsidiary of the Company Merger Sub 2 and together with Merger Sub 1, the Merger Subs ), OceanTech Acquisitions I Sponsors LLC, a Delaware limited liability company in the capacity as the representative for the stockholders of the Company (the Company Representative ), Majic Wheels Corp., a Wyoming corporation (the Target ), and Jeffrey H. Coats, an individual, in the capacity as the representative for the Target Stockholders (the Target Representative ). On October 13, 2022, Majic and OceanTech mutually terminated the Merger Agreement pursuant to Section 8.1(a) of the Merger Agreement, effective immediately. Neither party was required to pay the other a termination fee as a result of the mutual decision to terminate the Merger Agreement. On November 29, 2022, OceanTech Acquisitions I Corp. held a Special Meeting of Stockholders. At the Meeting, the Company s stockholders approved the Charter Amendment, which extends the date by which the Company must consummate its initial business combination from December 2, 2022 to June 2, 2023, subject to the approval of the Board of Directors of the Company, provided the sponsor or its designees deposit into the trust account an amount equal to per share for each public share or , prior to the commencement of each extension period. In connection with the extension stockholders holding shares of common stock exercised their right to redeem their shares for a pro rata portion of the funds in the Trust Account. As a result, approximately (approximately per share) was removed from the Trust Account to pay such holders. On December 1, 2022, the Company caused to be deposited into its Trust account for its public stockholders, representing per public share, allowing the Company to extend the period of time it has to consummate its initial business combination by one month from December 2, 2022 to January 2, 2023. On December 30, 2022, the Company caused to be deposited into its Trust account for its public stockholders, representing per public share, allowing the Company to extend the period of time it has to consummate its initial business combination by one month from January 2, 2022, to February 2, 2023. On February 2, 2023, the Company caused to be deposited into its Trust account for its public stockholders, representing per public share, allowing the Company to extend the period of time it has to consummate its initial business combination by one month from February 2, 2022, to March 2, 2023. On March 2, 2023, the Company caused to be deposited into its Trust account for its public stockholders, representing per public share, allowing the Company to extend the period of time it has to consummate its initial business combination by one month from March 2, 2022, to April 2, 2023. 
 f- 7 

Table of Contents 
 and a working capital deficit of . The Company s liquidity needs up to December 31, 2022 were satisfied through the proceeds of from the sale of the founder shares (Note 5), a loan of under an unsecured and noninterest bearing promissory note related party (Note 5), and from the net proceeds from the consummation of the Initial Public Offering and the Private Placement held outside of the trust account Trust Account located in the United States at JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. with Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company acting as trustee. Until the consummation of a business combination, the Company will be using the funds not held in the Trust Account for identifying and evaluating prospective acquisition candidates, performing due diligence on prospective target businesses, paying for travel expenditures, selecting the target business to acquire, and structuring, negotiating and consummating the business combination. The Company will need to raise additional capital through loans or additional investments from its New Sponsor, stockholders, officers, directors, or third parties. The Company s New Sponsor, officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds from time to time or at any time, in whatever amount they deem reasonable in their sole discretion, to meet the Company s working capital needs. Accordingly, the Company may not be able to obtain additional financing. If the Company is unable to raise additional capital, it may be required to take additional measures to conserve liquidity, which could include, but not necessarily be limited to, curtailing operations, suspending the pursuit of a potential transaction, and reducing overhead expenses. In connection with the Company s assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board s FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 205-40, Presentation of Financial Statements Going Concern, the Company has until June 2, 2023, to consummate an initial business combination. It is uncertain that the Company will be able to consummate an initial business combination by this time. If an initial business combination is not consummated by this date, there will be a mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution of the Company. Additionally, the Company may not have sufficient liquidity to fund the working capital needs of the Company through one year from the issuance of these consolidated financial statements. Management has determined that the liquidity condition and mandatory liquidation, should an initial business combination not occur, and potential subsequent dissolution raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern for the next twelve months from the issuance of these financial statements. No adjustments have been made to the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities should the Company be required to liquidate after June 2, 2023. The Company s sponsor, officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds from time to time or at any time, in whatever amount they deem reasonable in their sole discretion, to meet the Company s working capital. Risks and Uncertainties Management is currently evaluating the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the industry and has concluded that while it is reasonably possible that the COVID-19 virus could have a negative effect on the Company s financial position, results of its operations and/or search for a target company, the specific impact is not readily determinable as of the date of these consolidated financial statements. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. In February 2022, the Russian Federation and Belarus commenced a military action with the country of Ukraine. As a result of this action, various nations, including the United States, have instituted economic sanctions against the Russian Federation and Belarus. Further, the impact of this action and related sanctions on the world economy are not determinable as of the date of these consolidated financial statements. The specific impact on the Company s financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows is also not determinable as of the date of these consolidated financial statements. Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 On August 16, 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (the IR Act was signed into federal law. The IR Act provides for, among other things, a new U.S. federal 1 excise tax on certain repurchases of stock by publicly traded U.S. domestic corporations and certain U.S. domestic subsidiaries of publicly traded foreign corporations occurring on or after January 1, 2023. The excise tax is imposed on the repurchasing corporation itself, not its shareholders from which shares are repurchased. The amount of the excise tax is generally 1 of the fair market value of the shares repurchased at the time of the repurchase. However, for purposes of calculating the excise tax, repurchasing corporations are permitted to net the fair market value of certain new stock issuances against the fair market value of stock repurchases during the same taxable year. In addition, certain exceptions apply to the excise tax. The U.S. Department of the Treasury 
 f- 8 

Table of Contents 
 
 f- 9 

Table of Contents 
 t have cash equivalents as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. million per Unit) of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and certain of the proceeds of the Private Placement was held in a trust account Trust Account located in the United States with Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company acting as trustee, and invested only in U.S. government treasury obligations with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ), which will be invested only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations, as determined by the Company, until the earlier of: (i) the completion of a business combination and (ii) the distribution of the Trust Account as described below. Upon closing of the offering of the Private warrants on June 2, 2022 (as described above) an additional million (or per Class A share subject to redemption) was placed in the trust account to provide for the Extension as described above. In connection with the extension vote at the Special Meeting of Stockholders on November 29, 2022, stockholders holding shares of common stock exercised their right to redeem their shares for a pro rata portion of the funds in the Trust Account. As a result, approximately (approximately per share) was removed from the Trust Account to pay such holders. On December 1, 2022, The Company caused to be deposited into its Trust account for its public stockholders, representing per public share, allowing the Company to extend the period of time it has to consummate its initial business combination by one month from December 2, 2022 to January 2, 2023. On December 30, 2022, The Company caused to be deposited into its Trust account for its public stockholders, representing per public share, allowing the Company to extend the period of time it has to consummate its initial business combination by one month from January 2, 2022, to February 2, 2023. of previously issued Class B shares (the Founder Shares to the investors who participated in the offering. The fair value of the Founder Shares was determined to be an offering cost in accordance with Staff Accounting Bulletin Topic 5A and 5T. Accordingly, the offering cost was be allocated to the only financial instruments issued, which were private placement warrants. Offering costs allocated to derivative warrant liabilities are expensed as incurred in the consolidated statements of operations. 
 f- 10 

Table of Contents 
 shares for the year ended December 31, 2022 and shares for the period from February 3, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 of Class A common stock subject to possible redemption in the calculation of diluted income per share, because they are contingent on future events and their inclusion would be anti-dilutive under the treasury stock method. As a result, diluted net income per share is the same as basic net income per share for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from February 3, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021. Accretion associated with the redeemable Class A common stock is excluded from earnings per share as the redemption value approximates fair value. 
 f- 11 

Table of Contents 
 Denominator: Weighted Average Redeemable Class A common stock, basic and diluted Basic and Diluted net income per share, redeemable Class A common stock Non-redeemable common stock Numerator: Net income allocable to non-redeemable common stock Denominator: Weighted Average non-redeemable common stock, basic and diluted Basic and diluted net income per share, common stock unrecognized tax benefits and amounts accrued for interest and penalties as of December 31, 2022. The Company is currently not aware of any issues under review that could result in significant payments, accruals or material deviation from its position. The Company has identified the United States as its only major tax jurisdiction. The Company is subject to income tax examinations by major taxing authorities since inception. These examinations may include questioning the timing and amount of deductions, the nexus of income among various tax jurisdictions and compliance with federal and state tax laws. The Company s management does not expect that the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits will materially change over the next twelve months. Class A Common Stock sold as part of the Units in the Initial Public Offering contain a redemption feature which allows for the redemption of such public shares in connection with the Company s liquidation, if there is a stockholder vote or tender offer in connection with the business combination and in connection with certain amendments to the Company s amended and restated certificate of incorporation. In accordance with SEC and its staff s guidance on redeemable equity instruments, which has been codified in ASC 480-10-S99, redemption provisions not solely within the control of the Company require common stock subject to redemption to be classified outside of permanent equity. Given that the Class A Common Stock was issued with other freestanding instruments (i.e., public warrants), the initial carrying value of Class A Common Stock classified as temporary equity is the allocated proceeds based on the guidance in FASB ASC Topic 470-20, Debt Debt with Conversion and Other Options. 
 f- 12 

Table of Contents 
 Gross Proceeds Less: Proceeds allocated to public warrants ) Issuance costs related to Class A common stock subject to possible redemption ) Extension redemptions on November 29, 2022 ) ) Plus: Accretion of carrying value to redemption value Contingently redeemable Class A common stock subject to possible redemption Units. Each Unit consists of share of Class A common stock of the Company, par value per share (the Class A common stock ), and redeemable warrant of the Company Warrant ), each Warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase Class A common stock for per share. The Units were sold at a price of per Unit, generating gross proceeds to the Company of . On June 17, 2021, the underwriter partially exercised the over-allotment option and purchased an additional Over-Allotment Units. The Units were sold at a price of per Unit, generating gross proceeds to the Company of . Private Placement Warrants, of which Private Placement Warrants were purchased by the Original Sponsor and Private Placement Warrants were purchased by Maxim at a price of per Private Placement Warrant, generating total proceeds of . 
 f- 13 

Table of Contents 
 Over-Allotment Units. Simultaneously with the closing of the exercise of the overallotment option, the Company consummated the Private Placement of an aggregate of Private Placement Warrants, of which Private Placement Warrants were purchased by the Original Sponsor and Private Placement Warrants were purchased by Maxim at a purchase price of per Private Placement Warrant, generating gross proceeds of . On June 2, 2022, the Company closed an offering to private investors which included issuance of Private Warrants at a price of per warrant. The Private Placement Warrants (and the underlying securities) are identical to the public warrants sold as part of the Units in the Initial Public Offering, except as otherwise disclosed in the Registration Statement. No underwriting discounts or commissions were paid with respect to such sale. The issuance of the Private Placement Warrants was made pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. to cover certain offering costs in consideration for Class B shares (the Founder Shares ). The number of Founder Shares outstanding was determined based on the expectation that the total size of the Initial Public Offering would be a maximum of Units if the underwriter s over-allotment option is exercised in full, and therefore that such Founder Shares would represent of the outstanding shares after the Initial Public Offering. Thus, up to of the Founder Shares were subject to forfeiture depending on the extent to which the underwriter s over-allotment option was exercised. On June 21, 2021, the underwriter partially exercised its over-allotment option, purchasing an additional Units. On June 21, 2021, the underwriter forfeited the right to purchase the remaining Units of the over-allotment option, and hence founder shares of Class B common stock were subsequently forfeited, resulting in outstanding Founder Shares. Concurrently with the issuance of Private Warrants on June 2, 2022, the Original Sponsor committed to transfer of Class B shares previously issued and outstanding as additional incentive to participants in the Extension Offering. The Company accounted for the Original Sponsor shares transferred to the participants in the Extension Offering at Fair Value as a charge directly to stockholders equity. The Company estimated the fair value of these shares to be or per share. The Company s initial stockholders agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of their Founder Shares until the earlier to occur of: (i) after the date of the consummation of the initial business combination or (ii) the date on which the Company consummates a liquidation, merger, stock exchange or other similar transaction which results in all of the stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of Class A common stock for cash, securities or other property. Any permitted transferees will be subject to the same restrictions and other agreements of the initial stockholders with respect to any Founder Shares. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the closing price of the shares of Class A common stock equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any trading days within any - trading day period commencing days after the initial business combination, the Founder Shares will no longer be subject to such transfer restrictions. Promissory Note Related Party On February 14, 2021, the Original Sponsor agreed to loan the Company up to to be used for a portion of the expenses of the Initial Public Offering. This loan is non-interest bearing, unsecured and was due at the closing of the Initial Public Offering and the Original Sponsor has not demanded payment of the note through the date of this filing. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and were outstanding under the promissory note. Related Party Loans In order to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, the New Sponsor, an affiliate of the New Sponsor or certain of the Company s officers and directors may, but is not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required (the Working Capital Loans ). If the Company completes an initial business combination, the Company would repay such loaned amounts out of the proceeds of the Trust Account released to the Company. Otherwise, such loans would be repaid only out of funds held outside the Trust Account. In the event that the initial business combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of the working capital held outside the Trust Account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from the Trust Account would be used to 
 f- 14 

Table of Contents 
 of such loans may be convertible into Private Placement Warrants of the post Business Combination entity, at a price of per warrant at the option of the lender. The warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants issued to the Original Sponsor. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, no such Working Capital Loans were outstanding. Administrative Support Agreement The Company has agreed to pay our sponsor a total of per month for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support. The administrative support agreement began on the day the Company first listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market and continue monthly until the completion of the Company s initial business combination or liquidation of the Company. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company owed and under the administrative support agreement, respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company incurred in administrative support fees. For the period from February 3, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, the Company incurred in administrative support fees. public warrants outstanding. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 there were and Private Placement Warrants outstanding, respectively. Public Warrants Each Warrant entitles the holder to purchase share of the Company s Class A common stock at a price of per share, subject to adjustment. In addition, if (x) the Company issues additional shares of Class A common stock or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of the initial business combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than per share of Class A common stock (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by the board of directors and, in the case of any such issuance to the New Sponsor or its affiliates, without taking into account any Founder Shares held by the New Sponsor or its affiliates, prior to such issuance) (the Newly Issued Price ), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of the initial business combination on the date of the consummation of the initial business combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the volume weighted average trading price of the common stock during the trading day period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which the Company consummates the initial business combination (such price, the Market Value is below per share, the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the per share redemption trigger price described below under Redemption of warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price. The warrants will expire at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, after the completion of the initial business combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. On the exercise of any warrant, the warrant exercise price will be paid directly to the Company and not placed in the Trust Account. The Company has not registered the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants at this time. However, the Company has agreed that as soon as practicable, but in no event later than business days after the closing of the initial business combination, the Company will use its best efforts to file with the SEC a registration statement covering the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants, to cause such registration statement to become effective and to maintain a current prospectus relating to those shares of Class A common stock until the warrants expire or are redeemed, as specified in the warrant agreement. If a registration statement covering the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants is not effective within after the closing of the initial business combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when the Company will have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act or another exemption. Notwithstanding the above, if the Class A common stock is at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that it satisfies the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, the Company may, at its option, require holders of public warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event the Company so elects, the Company will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement, and in the event the Company does not so elect, the Company will use its best efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. 
 f- 15 

Table of Contents 
 . Once the warrants become exercisable, the Company may redeem the outstanding warrants (except the Private Placement Warrants): in whole and not in part; at a price of per warrant; upon a minimum of prior written notice of redemption (the -day redemption period and if, and only if, the last sale price of the Class A common stock equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any trading days within a -trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the Company sends the notice of redemption to the warrant holders. 
 If the Company calls the warrants for redemption as described above, the management will have the option to require all holders that wish to exercise warrants to do so on a cashless basis. In determining whether to require all holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis, the management will consider, among other factors, the cash position, the number of warrants that are outstanding and the dilutive effect on the stockholders of issuing the maximum number of shares of Class A common stock issuable upon the exercise of the warrants. In such event, each holder would pay the exercise price by surrendering the warrants for that number of shares of Class A common stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of shares of Class A common stock underlying the warrants, multiplied by the difference between the exercise price of the warrants and the fair market value (defined below) by (y) the fair market value. The fair market value shall mean the average reported last sale price of the Class A common stock for the trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants. 
 f- 16 

Table of Contents 
 Liabilities: Warrant Liability- public Warrant Liability- private Total Warrant Liability Quoted Prices In Significant Other Significant Other Active Markets Observable Inputs Unobservable Inputs December 31, 2021 (Level 1) (Level 2) (Level 3) Assets: U.S. Money Market held in Trust Account Liabilities: Warrant Liability- public Warrant Liability- private Total Warrant Liability Transfers to/from Levels 1, 2, and 3 are recognized at the beginning of the reporting period. During the period from February 3, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, the public warrants began trading separately on July 19, 2021 and thus were transferred from Level 3 to Level 1. Level 1 assets include investments in money market funds and U.S. Treasury securities. The Company uses inputs such as actual trade data, benchmark yields, quoted market prices from dealers or brokers, and other similar sources to determine the fair value of its investments. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company s Warrant liability was valued at and , respectively. Under the guidance in ASC 815-40 the Warrants do not meet the criteria for equity treatment. As such, the Warrants must be recorded on the consolidated balance sheets at fair value. This valuation is subject to re-measurement at each balance sheet date. With each re-measurement, the valuations will be adjusted to fair value, with the change in fair value recognized in the Company s consolidated statements of operations. The Company s Warrant liability is based on a valuation model utilizing management judgment and pricing inputs from observable and unobservable markets with less volume and transaction frequency than active markets. Significant deviations from these estimates and inputs could result in a material change in fair value. The fair value of the public Warrant liability is classified within Level 1 of the fair 
 f- 17 

Table of Contents 
 Issuance of public and private placement warrants in connection with IPO Issuance of public and private placement warrants in connection with partial exercise of overallotment Change in Fair Value ) ) ) Warrant liabilities at December 31, 2021 Issuance of Private warrants as part on June 2, 2022 Change in Fair Value ) ) ) Warrant liabilities at December 31, 2022 The Company utilized a binomial Monte-Carlo simulation to estimate the fair value of the public warrants at each reporting period for its warrants that are not actively traded. Inherent in a Monte Carlo simulation are assumptions related to expected share-price volatility, expected life, risk-free interest rate and dividend yield. The Company estimates the volatility of its warrants based on implied volatility from the Company s traded warrants and from historical volatility of select peer company s common stock that matches the expected remaining life of the warrants. The risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury zero-coupon yield curve on the grant date for a maturity similar to the expected remaining life of the warrants. The expected life of the warrants is assumed to be equivalent to their remaining contractual term. The dividend rate is based on the historical rate, which the Company anticipates remaining at . The estimated fair value of the Private Placement Warrants is determined using Level 3 inputs. Inherent in a modified Black-Scholes model are assumptions related to expected share-price volatility, expected life, risk-free interest rate and dividend yield. The Company estimates the volatility of its warrants based on implied volatility from the Company s traded warrants and from historical volatility of select peer company s common stock that matches the expected remaining life of the Warrants. The risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury zero-coupon yield curve on the grant date for a maturity similar to the expected remaining life of the warrants. The expected life of the warrants is assumed to be equivalent to their remaining contractual term. The dividend rate is based on the historical rate, which the Company anticipates remaining at . The key inputs into the modified Black-Scholes model were as follows: Expected term (years) Expected volatility Stock price Strike price Dividend yield Probability of business combination demands, excluding short form registration demands, that the Company registers such securities. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to the Company s completion of the initial business combination and rights to require the Company to register for resale such securities 
 f- 18 

Table of Contents 
 -day option to purchase up to additional Units to cover any over-allotments, if any, at the Initial Public Offering price less the underwriting discounts and commissions. On June 17, 2021, the underwriter partially exercised the over-allotment option and purchased an additional Over-Allotment Units, generating an aggregate of gross proceeds of . On June 21, 2021, the underwriter forfeited the right to purchase the remaining Units of the over-allotment option. The underwriter was entitled to an underwriting discount of per Unit, or in the aggregate (reflecting the partial exercise by the underwriter of its over-allotment option), paid at the closing of the Initial Public Offering. Additionally, in the aggregate (reflecting the partial exercise by the underwriter of its over-allotment option), is payable to the underwriter for deferred underwriting commissions. The deferred fee will become payable to the underwriter from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that the Company completes an initial business combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. Amendment of Underwriting Agreement On December 15, 2021, in order to resolve certain issues and concerns that have arisen between Maxim and the Company, both parties have agreed to amend the Underwriting Agreement as follows: (i) The Company and Maxim mutually agreed that the rights of first refusal be deleted and as if no further force and effect. As such, Maxim shall have no right of first refusal to act as an underwriter in any future financing event; (ii) As consideration for the waiver of the right of first refusal, if the Company consummates a business combination, the Company shall remit to Maxim a one-time cash payment of at the closing of such business combination as a mergers and acquisition advisory fee; (iii) The Company and Maxim agreed that the over-allotment option has been limited to Units and that the over-allotment option has terminated as of June 22, 2021; and (iv) The Company and Maxim agreed that the Company shall not be responsible for any additional reimbursements, out of pocket expenses, or disbursements of Maxim. For the sake of clarity, all right and obligations relating to underwriting fees (including but not limited to deferred underwriting commissions) shall not be amended or affected by this amendment. The is recorded as other long-term liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets at December 31, 2022 and 2021. Representative s Class A Common Stock The Company has issued to Maxim Group LLC and/or its designees, shares of Class A common stock upon the consummation of the Initial Public Offering and the partial exercise of the underwriter s over-allotment. Maxim has agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any such shares until the completion of the initial business combination. In addition, Maxim has agreed (i) to waive its redemption rights with respect to such shares in connection with the completion of the initial business combination and (ii) to waive its rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to such shares if we fail to complete the initial business combination within 12 months, or up to 18 months if the Company uses the one time option to extend the period of time to consummate a business combination from the closing of the Initial Public Offering. The shares have been deemed compensation by FINRA and are therefore subject to a lock-up for a period of 180 days immediately following the commencement of sales of the offering pursuant to Rule 5110(e)(1) of FINRA s Rules. Pursuant to FINRA Rule 5110(e)(1), these securities will not be the subject of any hedging, short sale, derivative, put or call transaction that would result in the economic disposition of the securities by any person for a period of 180 days immediately following the Effective Date of the registration statement of which the prospectus forms a part, nor may they be sold, transferred, assigned, pledged or hypothecated for a period of 180 days immediately following the commencement of sales of the offering except as permitted by FINRA Rule 5110(e)(2). Right of First Refusal On May 27, 2021, subject to certain conditions, the Company granted Maxim, for a period beginning on the closing of the offering and ending 12 months after the date of the consummation of a business combination, a right of first refusal to act as lead left book-running managing underwriter with at least 75 of the economics; or, in the case of a three-handed deal 50 of the economics, for any and all future public and private equity, convertible and debt offerings for the Company or any of the Company s successors or subsidiaries. In accordance with FINRA Rule 5110(g)(6), such right of first refusal shall not have a duration of more than three years from the commencement of sales of the Initial Public Offering. 
 f- 19 

Table of Contents 
 shares of preferred stock with a par value of per share. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were shares of preferred stock issued or outstanding . Class A common stock The Company is authorized to issue shares of Class A common stock with a par value of per share. Holders of Class A common stock are entitled to vote for each share. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were shares of Class A common stock issued or outstanding , excluding shares of Class A common stock subject to possible redemption classified as temporary equity. Class B common stock The Company is authorized to issue shares of Class B common stock with a par value of per share. Holders of the Class B common stock are entitled to vote for each share of common stock. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were shares of Class B common stock issued and outstanding . On June 17, 2021, the underwriter partially exercised the over-allotment option and purchased an additional Units. On June 21, 2021, the underwriter forfeited the right to purchase the remaining Units of the over-allotment option, and hence shares of Class B common stock were subsequently forfeited. The Company s initial stockholders have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of their Founder Shares until the earlier to occur of (i) after the date of the consummation of the initial business combination or (ii) the date on which the Company consummates a liquidation, merger, stock exchange or other similar transaction which results in all of the stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of Class A common stock for cash, securities or other property. Any permitted transferees will be subject to the same restrictions and other agreements of the initial stockholders with respect to any Founder Shares. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the closing price of the shares of Class A common stock equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any trading days within any -trading day period commencing after the initial business combination, the Founder Shares will no longer be subject to the Lock-up. The shares of Class B common stock will automatically convert into shares of Class A common stock at the time of the initial business combination on a -for-one basis, subject to adjustment for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like, and subject to further adjustment as provided herein. In the case that additional shares of Class A common stock, or equity-linked 
 f- 20 

Table of Contents 
 of the sum of the total number of all shares of common stock outstanding upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering (not including the shares of Class A common stock issuable to Maxim) plus all shares of Class A common stock and equity-linked securities issued or deemed issued in connection with the initial business combination (excluding any shares or equity-linked securities issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the initial business combination or any private placement-equivalent units issued to the New Sponsor, its affiliates or certain of the Company s officers and directors upon conversion of Working Capital Loans made to the Company). Holders of the Class A common stock and holders of the Class B common stock will vote together as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote of the Company s stockholders, with each share of common stock entitling the holder to vote. Startup/Organization Expenses Total deferred tax assets (liability) Valuation Allowance ) ) Deferred tax assets (liability) The income tax provision for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from February 3, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 consists of the following: ) State and Local Current Deferred Change in valuation allowance Income tax provision As of December 31, 2022, and 2021, the Company had and of U.S. federal net operating loss carryovers, respectively, available to offset future taxable income, which do not expire and are subject to of taxable income per annum. In assessing the realization of the deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion of all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during the periods in which temporary differences representing net future deductible amounts become deductible. Management considers the scheduled reversal of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income and tax planning strategies in making this assessment. After consideration of all of the information available, management believes that significant uncertainty exists with respect to future realization of the deferred tax assets and has therefore established a full valuation allowance. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the change in the valuation allowance was . 
 f- 21 

Table of Contents 
 Change in fair value of warrants ) ) Transaction costs allocated to warrants Non-deductible expenses Warrant issuance costs Valuation allowance Income tax provision The Company s effective tax rates for the periods presented differ from the expected (statutory) rates due to transaction costs related to warrants, change in FV of warrants and the recording of full valuation allowances on deferred tax assets and permanent differences. The Company files income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction in various state and local jurisdictions and is subject to examination by the various taxing authorities, since inception. The Company considers the U.S. Federal jurisdiction and the State of New York as significant tax jurisdictions. Additionally, the Company has also incurred and in Delaware franchise taxes for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period ended December 31, 2021, respectively, which is included in formation and operating costs in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. The full balances for respective years were outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021 and included in accounts payable and accrued costs on the accompanying balance sheet. into its Trust account for its public stockholders, representing per public share, allowing the Company to extend the period of time it has to consummate its initial business combination by one month from February 2, 2022, to March 2, 2023. On March 2, 2023, the Company deposited into the Company s Trust account for its public stockholders, representing per public share, allowing the Company to extend the period of time it has to consummate its initial business combination by one month from March 2, 2023 to April 2, 2023. This deposit marked the fourth of six-monthly extensions permitted under the Company s governing documents. On March 13, 2023, the Company entered into a Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement with the Original Sponsor and Aspire Acquisition LLC (the New Sponsor pursuant to which the New Sponsor, or an entity designated by the New Sponsor, will purchase from the Original Sponsor shares of Class B common stock of the Company (the Class B Common Stock ), par value per share and Private Placement Warrants, each of which is exercisable to purchase one share of Class A common stock of the Company, par value per share, for an aggregate purchase price of (the Purchase Price payable at the time the Company effects a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, recapitalization, reorganization, or business combination. Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, the New Sponsor has replaced the Company s current directors and officers with directors and officers of the Company selected in the New Sponsor s sole discretion. Joseph Adir, Michael Payne, Eric Blair, and Mitchell Gordon resigned as directors of the Company, and Joseph Adir, Charles Baumgartner, Ofer Oz, and Ken Hickling resigned as officers of the Company. Michael Peterson, Donald Fell, Venkatesh Srinivasan, and Siva Saravanan were appointed as directors of the Company. Suren Ajjarapu was appointed Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Company, and Francis Knuettel II was appointed as the Company s Chief Financial Officer. The Purchase Agreement and change in Company directors and officers are further described in the Form 8-K, filed by the Company on March 13, 2023. 
 f- 22 

Table of Contents 
 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized . 

OceanTech Acquisitions I Corp. Date: March 30, 2023 By: /s/ Suren Ajjarapu Name: Suren Ajjarapu Title: Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities indicated below and on the dates indicated. 

Signatures Title Date By: /s/ Suren Ajjarapu Chief Executive Officer and Chairman March 30, 2023 Suren Ajjarapu (principal executive officer) By: /s/ Francis Knuettel II Chief Financial Officer March 30, 2023 Francis Knuettel II (principal financial and accounting officer) By: /s/ Michael Peterson Director March 30, 2023 Michael Peterson By: /s/ Donald Fell Director March 30, 2023 Donald Fell By: /s/ Venkatesh Srinivasan Director March 30, 2023 Venkatesh Srinivasan By: /s/ Siva Saravanan Director March 30, 2023 Siva Saravanan 
 73 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 tmb-20221231xex31d1.htm
 EX-31.1

Exhibit 31.1 CERTIFICATIONS UNDER SECTION 302 I, Suren Ajjarapu, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of OceanTech Acquisitions I Corp.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 30, 2023 /s/ Suren Ajjarapu Suren Ajjarapu 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 tmb-20221231xex31d2.htm
 EX-31.2

Exhibit 31.2 CERTIFICATIONS UNDER SECTION 302 I, Francis Knuettel II, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of OceanTech Acquisitions I Corp.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 30, 2023 /s/ Francis Knuettel II Francis Knuettel II 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 4
 tmb-20221231xex32.htm
 EX-32

Exhibit 32 CERTIFICATIONS UNDER SECTION 906 Pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of section 1350, chapter 63 of title 18, United States Code), each of the undersigned officers of OceanTech Acquisitions I Corp., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), does hereby certify, to such officer s knowledge, that: The Annual Report for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Form 10-K of the Company fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and the information contained in the Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated: March 30, 2023 /s/ Suren Ajjarapu Suren Ajjarapu Dated: March 30, 2023 /s/ Francis Knuettel II Francis Knuettel II 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 tmb-20221231.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 tmb-20221231_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 tmb-20221231_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 tmb-20221231_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

