<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230303_10-K_edgar_data_1614806_0001628280-23-006118.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>22193761</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>570527</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2811971</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>8570689</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>5146132</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>4676597</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001628280-23-006118.hdr.sgml : 20230303
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230302175027
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001628280-23-006118
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		106
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230303
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230302

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Great Ajax Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001614806
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		IRS NUMBER:				465211780
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36844
		FILM NUMBER:		23700649

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		13190 SW 68TH PARKWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 110
		CITY:			TIGARD
		STATE:			OR
		ZIP:			97223
		BUSINESS PHONE:		503-505-5670

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		13190 SW 68TH PARKWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 110
		CITY:			TIGARD
		STATE:			OR
		ZIP:			97223

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001628280-23-006118.txt : 20230303

10-K
 1
 ajx-20221231.htm
 10-K

ajx-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

FOR ANNUAL AND TRANSITION REPORTS PURSUANT TO SECTIONS 13 OR 15(d) OF THE 
 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 (Mark One) 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 

(Commission file number) 

. 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 
 State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 
 , 
 , 
 (Address of principal executive offices and Zip Code) 
 - 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbols Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate website, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See definition of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (check one): 
 Large accelerated filer 
 Non-accelerated filer (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) Smaller reporting company Emerging Growth Company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. Yes No 
 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. Yes No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). Yes No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 
 The aggregate market value of the shares of common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of June 30, 2022 (the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter) was approximately based on the price per share of 9.59, the closing price on June 30, 2022. 
 
 As of March 1, 2023, shares of the registrant s common stock, par value 0.01 per share, were outstanding. 
 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 PART I 
 Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 1 
 Summary Risk Factors 
 2 
 Item 1. 
 Business 
 3 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 15 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 43 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 43 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 43 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 43 
 
 PART II 
 Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 44 
 Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 45 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 46 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 78 
 Item 8. 
 Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 79 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 79 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 79 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 80 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 80 
 
 PART III 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 81 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 81 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 81 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 81 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 81 
 PART IV 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Consolidated Financial Statement Schedules 
 81 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 84 

i 

In this Annual Report on Form 10-K Annual Report ), unless the context indicates otherwise, references to Great Ajax, we, the Company, our and us refer to the activities of and the assets and liabilities of the business and operations of Great Ajax Corp.; Operating Partnership refers to Great Ajax Operating Partnership L.P., a Delaware limited partnership; Manager refers to Thetis Asset Management LLC, a Delaware limited liability company; Aspen Capital refers to the Aspen Capital group of companies; Aspen and Aspen Yo refer to Aspen Yo LLC, an Oregon limited liability company that is part of Aspen Capital; and the Servicer and Gregory refer to Gregory Funding LLC, an Oregon limited liability company and our affiliate, and an indirect subsidiary of Aspen Yo. 
 
 PART I 

CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
 Some of the statements under Risk Factors, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, Business and elsewhere in this Annual Report constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. Forward-looking statements relate to expectations, beliefs, projections, future plans and strategies, anticipated events or trends, and similar expressions concerning matters that are not historical facts. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terms such as anticipate, believe, could, estimate, expect, intend, may, plan, potential, should, will and would or the negatives of these terms or other comparable terminology. 
 
 The forward-looking statements are based on our beliefs, assumptions and expectations of our future performance, taking into account all information currently available to us. These beliefs, assumptions and expectations can change as a result of many possible events or factors, not all of which are known to us or are within our control. If a change occurs, our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations may vary materially from those expressed in our forward-looking statements. The outcome of the events described in these forward-looking statements is subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors including but not limited to: 
 
 the impact of adverse real estate, mortgage or housing markets and changes in the general economy; 
 changes in our business strategy; 
 the impact of the global pandemic caused by the novel coronavirus COVID-19 outbreak; 
 general volatility of the capital markets; 
 the impact of adverse legislative or regulatory tax changes; 
 our ability to obtain financing on favorable terms or at all; 
 our ability to implement our business strategy; 
 difficulties in identifying re-performing loans RPLs ), small balance commercial mortgage loans SBC loans and properties to acquire; and the impact of changes to the supply of, value of and the returns on RPLs and SBC loans; 
 our ability to compete with our competitors; 
 our ability to control our costs; 
 the impact of changes in interest rates and the market value of the collateral underlying our RPL and non-performing loan NPL portfolios or of our other real estate assets; 
 our ability to convert NPLs into performing loans or to modify or otherwise resolve such loans; 
 our ability to convert NPLs to properties that can generate attractive returns, generally through sale; 
 our ability to retain our engagement of our Manager; 
 the failure of the Servicer to perform its obligations under the Servicing Agreement; 
 our failure to qualify or maintain qualification as a real estate investment trust REIT and 
 our failure to maintain our exemption from registration under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ). 
 
 Accordingly, you should not rely upon forward-looking statements as an indication of future performance. We cannot assure you that the results, events and circumstances reflected in the forward-looking statements will be achieved or will occur, and actual results, events or circumstances could differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements made in this Annual Report relate only to events as of the date on which the statements are made. We may not actually achieve the plans, intentions or expectations disclosed in our forward-looking statements and you should not place undue reliance on our forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation and do not assume any obligation to update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or circumstances after the date on which the statements are made or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events or otherwise, except as required by law. 
 
 1 

Summary Risk Factors 
 
 The following is a summary of the principal risks that you should carefully consider before investing in shares of our common stock. See the detailed Risk Factors, beginning on page 15 of this document, for a more detailed discussion. 
 
 If COVID-19 restrictions returns due to one of its variants, or another highly infectious or contagious disease, we could experience material adverse effects on our business, financial condition, liquidity, and results of operations. 
 
 A significant portion of the residential mortgage loans that we acquire are, or may become, sub-performing or non-performing loans, which could increase our risk of loss. 
 
 The supply of re-performing, sub-performing and non-performing loans may decline over time as a result of higher credit standards for new loans and/or general economic improvement, and the prices for re-performing, sub-performing and non-performing loans may increase, which could materially and adversely affect us. 
 
 We may be materially and adversely affected by risks affecting borrowers or the single-family rental properties in which our investments may be concentrated at any given time, as well as from unfavorable changes in the related geographic regions. 
 
 Recent changes in consumer mortgage loan regulations may make it more difficult for borrowers to refinance our purchased mortgage loans. 
 
 A significant change in delinquencies for the loans we own could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Market conditions and other factors may affect our ability to securitize assets, which could increase our financing costs and adversely affect our results of operations and ability to make distributions. 
 
 Prepayment rates can change, adversely affecting the performance of our assets and our ability to reinvest the proceeds thereof. 
 
 The real estate assets and real estate-related assets we invest in are subject to the risks associated with real property. 
 
 An increase in interest rates may cause a decrease in the amount of certain of our target assets that are available for acquisition, which could adversely affect our ability to acquire target assets that satisfy our investment objectives and to generate income and pay dividends. 
 
 The principal and interest payments on our retained mortgage-backed securities MBS are not guaranteed by any entity and, therefore, are subject to increased risks, including credit risk. 
 
 The Servicer s operations are heavily regulated at the U.S. federal, state and local levels and its failure to comply with applicable regulations could materially adversely affect our expenses and results of operations, and there is no assurance that we could replace the Servicer with servicers that satisfy our requirements or with whom we could enter into agreements on satisfactory terms. 
 
 The failure of the Servicer to service our assets effectively would materially and adversely affect us. 
 
 We may incur significant costs in restoring our properties, and we may underestimate the costs or amount of time necessary to complete such restorations. 
 
 We may change our investment strategy, investment guidelines and asset allocation without notice or stockholder consent, which may result in riskier investments. In addition, our charter provides that our board of directors may authorize us not to seek to elect to be taxed as a REIT or to revoke or otherwise terminate our REIT election without the approval of our stockholders. 
 
 Our inability to compete effectively in a highly competitive market could adversely affect our ability to implement our business strategy. 
 
 2 

Our ability to make distributions to our stockholders will depend on our operating results, our financial condition and other factors and we may not be able to make regular cash distributions at a fixed rate or at all under certain circumstances. 
 
 We use leverage in executing our business strategy, which may adversely affect the return on our assets and may reduce cash available for distribution to our stockholders and increase losses when economic conditions are unfavorable. 
 
 Hedging against interest rate changes and other risks may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and our ability to make distributions to our stockholders. We operate in a highly regulated industry and continually changing U.S. federal, state and local laws and regulation could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and our ability to pay dividends to our stockholders. 
 
 We have conflicts of interest with our Manager, the Servicer and Aspen, and certain members of our board of directors, as well as our management team, have, or could have in the future, conflicts of interest due to their respective relationships with these entities, and such conflicts could be resolved in a manner adverse to us. 
 
 Our board of directors has approved a very broad investment policy and guidelines for our Manager and will not review or approve each investment decision. We may change our investment policy and guidelines without stockholder consent, which may materially and adversely affect the market price of our common stock and our ability to make distributions to our stockholders. 
 
 Maintenance of our exclusion from regulation as an investment company under the Investment Company Act imposes significant limitations on our operations. 
 
 Our charter generally does not permit ownership in excess of 9.8 of any class or series of our stock, and attempts to acquire our stock in excess of the stock ownership limit will be ineffective unless an exemption is granted by our board of directors. These provisions may restrict change of control or business combination opportunities in which our stockholders might receive a premium for their shares of common stock. 
 
 Uncertainty about the future of the London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR may adversely affect our business and financial results. 
 
 Failure to qualify as a REIT would subject us to U.S. federal, state and local income taxes, which could adversely affect the value of shares of our common stock and would substantially reduce the cash available for distribution to our stockholders. 
 
 The taxable mortgage pool, or TMP ), rules may increase the taxes that we, or certain of our stockholders, may incur and may limit the manner in which we effect future securitizations. 
 
 Failure to comply with applicable tax regulations with respect to GA-TRS LLC ("GA-TRS"), GAJX Real Estate Corp. and any other taxable REIT subsidiary TRS that we form would jeopardize our REIT status and may result in the application of a 100 excise tax. 
 
 Changes to U.S. federal income tax laws could materially and adversely affect us and our stockholders. 

Item 1. Business 

Overview 
 
 Great Ajax Corp. is a Maryland corporation that is organized and operated in a manner intended to allow us to qualify as a REIT. We primarily target acquisitions of (i) RPLs, which are residential mortgage loans on which at least five of the seven most recent payments have been made, or the most recent payment has been made and accepted pursuant to an agreement, or the full dollar amount, to cover at least five payments has been paid in the last seven months and (ii) NPLs, which are residential mortgage loans on which the most recent three payments have not been made. We may acquire RPLs and NPLs either directly or in joint ventures with institutional accredited investors. The joint ventures are structured as securitization trusts, of which we acquire debt securities and beneficial interests. We may also acquire or originate SBC loans. The SBC loans that we target through acquisitions generally have a principal balance of up to 5.0 million and are secured by multi-family residential and commercial mixed use retail/residential properties on which at least five of the seven most recent payments have 
 3 

been made, or the most recent payment has been made and accepted pursuant to an agreement, or the full dollar amount to cover at least five payments has been paid in the last seven months. Additionally, we invest in single-family and smaller commercial properties directly either through a foreclosure event of a loan in our mortgage portfolio, or, less frequently, through a direct acquisition. We own a 19.8 equity interest in our Manager and an 8.0 equity interest in the parent company of our Servicer through GA-TRS, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Operating Partnership. We have elected to treat GA-TRS as a taxable REIT subsidiary under the Code. Our mortgage loans and real properties are serviced by the Servicer, also an affiliated company. 
 
 In 2014, we formed Great Ajax Funding LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Operating Partnership, to act as the depositor of mortgage loans into securitization trusts and to hold the subordinated securities issued by such trusts and any additional trusts we may form for additional secured borrowings. AJX Mortgage Trust I and AJX Mortgage Trust II are wholly owned subsidiaries of the Operating Partnership formed to hold mortgage loans used as collateral for financings under our repurchase agreements. On February 1, 2015, we formed GAJX Real Estate Corp., as a wholly owned subsidiary of the Operating Partnership, to own, maintain, improve and sell certain real estate owned REO properties purchased by us. We have elected to treat GAJX Real Estate Corp. as a TRS under the Code. 
 
 Our Operating Partnership, through interests in certain entities, as of December 31, 2022, owns 99.9 of Great Ajax II REIT Inc. which owns Great Ajax II Depositor LLC which then acts as the depositor of mortgage loans into securitization trusts and holds subordinated securities issued by such trusts. Similarly, as of December 31, 2022, the Operating Partnership wholly owned Great Ajax III Depositor LLC, which was formed to act as the depositor into Ajax Mortgage Loan Trust 2021-E ("2021-E"), which is a real estate mortgage investment conduit ("REMIC"). We have securitized mortgage loans through these securitization trusts and retained subordinated securities from the secured borrowings. These trusts are considered to be variable interest entities VIEs ), and we have determined that we are the primary beneficiary of the VIEs. 
 
 In 2018, we formed Gaea Real Estate Corp. Gaea ), as a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Operating Partnership that invests in multifamily properties with a focus on property appreciation and triple net lease veterinary clinics. We elected to treat Gaea as a TRS under the Code for 2018 and elected to treat Gaea as a REIT under the Code in 2019 and thereafter. Also during 2018, we formed Gaea Real Estate Operating Partnership LP, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Gaea, to hold investments in commercial real estate assets, and Gaea Real Estate Operating LLC, to act as its general partner. We also formed Gaea Veterinary Holdings LLC, BFLD Holdings LLC, Gaea Commercial Properties LLC, Gaea Commercial Finance LLC and Gaea RE Holdings LLC as subsidiaries of Gaea Real Estate Operating Partnership. In 2019, we formed DG Brooklyn Holdings LLC, also a subsidiary of Gaea Real Estate Operating Partnership LP, to hold investments in multi-family properties. 
 
 On November 22, 2019, Gaea completed a private capital raise transaction through which it raised 66.3 million from the issuance of its common stock to third parties to allow Gaea to continue to advance its investment strategy. Additionally, in January 2022, Gaea completed a second private capital raise in which it raised approximately 30.0 million from the issuance of its common stock and warrants. At December 31, 2022 we owned approximately 22.0 of Gaea. We account for our investment in Gaea under the equity method. 
 
 We elected to be taxed as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes beginning with our taxable year ended December 31, 2014. Our qualification as a REIT depends upon our ability to meet, on a continuing basis, various complex requirements under the Code relating to, among other things, the sources of our gross income, the composition and values of our assets, our distribution levels and the diversity of ownership of our capital stock. We believe that we are organized in conformity with the requirements for qualification as a REIT under the Code, and that our current intended manner of operation enables us to meet the requirements for taxation as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 

Strategy 
 
 We are continuing the opportunistic strategy developed by our Manager s management team in a REIT structure that we believe provides us access to capital and allows us to compete for more significant investment opportunities in the evolving mortgage markets. This strategy enables us to generate attractive current yields and risk-adjusted total returns for our stockholders. We intend to continue to distribute substantially all of our REIT taxable income to our stockholders in accordance with applicable REIT qualification requirements. Our strategy consists of: 
 
 constructing and owning a portfolio of residential RPLs and SBC loans at discounts to the unpaid principal balance UPB and significant discounts to underlying property values; 
 expanding our acquisitions of RPLs, SBC loans, and limited acquisitions of NPLs through joint ventures; 
 constructing concentrations of investments in geographic areas, cities and neighborhoods with certain demographic and economic trends and attributes; 
 4 

working, through our Servicer, to (1) support the continued performance of RPLs; (2) convert a portion of our NPLs to performing status; (3) determine the optimal loss mitigation strategy on an asset-by-asset basis; and (4) manage the process and timelines for converting NPLs to REO held-for-sale; 
 when economically efficient, securitizing our RPL portfolio to create long-term, fixed rate, non-recourse financing, while retaining one or more tranches of any subordinated securities we may create; 
 opportunistically mitigating our interest rate and prepayment risk, including, potentially, through the use of a variety of hedging instruments; and 
 working through joint ventures with third party investors to acquire pools of mortgage loans and other mortgage related assets, which may create value additive opportunities for us, our Manager (an affiliated entity), and our Servicer (an affiliated entity). Depending upon the needs, liquidity and risk profiles of our third party investors, the criteria for asset acquisitions by our joint ventures may differ somewhat from the criteria we would use for asset acquisitions intended exclusively for our own portfolio. 
 
 We believe that purchasing RPLs at a discount to UPB and a significant discount to underlying property values, as well as working, through our Servicer, to support continuing or new payments by borrowers, allows us to achieve our targeted returns. However, if actual results differ from our assumptions, particularly if the value of the underlying properties were to decrease significantly, we may not achieve our targeted returns. 
 
 We price each loan pool we acquire on a loan-by-loan basis and focus on acquiring loans with the underlying property located in or in close proximity to specific urban centers where we believe that home price appreciation HPA will outpace the national market. We use proprietary models to predict probabilistic future cash flows for each loan and generate cash flow projections. Factors affecting our cash flow projections include resolution method, resolution timeline, foreclosure costs, rehabilitation costs and eviction costs. Some of the variables used are the specific location of the underlying property, loan-to-value ratio, property age and condition, change and rate of change of borrower credit rating, servicing notes, interest rate, monthly payment amount and neighborhood rents. For loan pool acquisitions, we target a 5 and above return on RPLs, including SBC loans, and a 7 and above return on NPLs, without taking into account or giving effect to any borrowings, which we refer to as an unlevered return. We analyze each RPL for re-default probability, loan-to-value ratio, interest rate and structure of the loan and the likely resolution method in the event the loan stops performing. Each RPL is analyzed through both a performing and non-performing path. 
 
 While we expect to purchase loans and real properties nationwide, we target specific urban centers (including densely populated suburbs) where we believe that an increasing number of families and young professionals prefer to live in areas that are in close proximity to employment centers, public transportation and retail and other amenities that are typically more common in such areas, creating liquidity and predictability, which we believe, provides greater potential for HPA. By focusing on urban centers and targeted densely populated suburbs we are able to more efficiently manage our portfolio and scale our Servicer's high-touch loan servicing platform. Our Manager has compiled data that suggests that HPA can vary significantly from neighborhood to neighborhood even within the same city. Our Manager s proprietary analytics include inputs for economic and demographic data that includes unemployment rates, housing starts, crime rates, education, electoral participation and other variables that we believe closely correlate to property values. These analytics help us determine cities, neighborhoods and properties that we believe will experience HPA. 
 
 We seek to build concentrations of loans and real properties in certain markets. These markets include, but are not limited to, Phoenix, Arizona; Los Angeles and San Diego, California; Miami, Ft. Lauderdale, West Palm Beach, Orlando and Tampa, Florida; Atlanta, Georgia; New York and New Jersey metropolitan area; Charlotte, North Carolina; Houston and Dallas, Texas; Portland, Oregon; and Maryland and Virginia near Washington, DC. In addition to its experienced servicing staff, our Servicer has contracted with local experts in areas where it services a significant number of loans that provide local area market intelligence, monitor properties and can manage rehabilitation projects for REO properties. We believe having affiliated local experts and a centralized management team provides us a competitive advantage and leads to more informed decision-making and better execution. 
 
 The following provides further detail as to our RPL and SBC loan acquisition strategy: 
 
 We purchase RPLs at a discount from UPB and a significant discount to underlying property value, but the borrower is required to pay interest on the full UPB, leading to a higher current yield. The borrower is also responsible for property taxes, insurance and maintenance, which are all costs that the owner of a REO would otherwise have to pay. In addition, to the extent that the UPB exceeds the home s or commercial property s value, the lender will benefit from all price appreciation, net of carrying and liquidation costs, until such time as the price exceeds the UPB plus any arrearages and expenses. While the return to the mortgage loan owner is thus capped, there is also risk mitigation if the REO value decreases, until the value is less than the price the lender paid for the loan. 
 5 

If an RPL becomes an NPL, we, through the Servicer, have a number of ways to mitigate our loss. These loss mitigation techniques include working with the borrower to achieve performance, including through modification of the mortgage loan terms as well as short sale, assisted deed-in-lieu of foreclosure, assisted deed-for-lease, foreclosure and other loss mitigation activities. 
 We believe that under most market conditions we are generally able to purchase mortgage loans at lower prices than single-family REO properties because sellers of such loans are able to avoid paying the costs typically associated with sales of real estate, whether single-family residences or smaller commercial properties, such as broker commissions and closing costs of up to 10 of gross proceeds of the sale. We believe this motivates sellers to accept lower prices for the RPLs than they would if selling REO directly. 
 
 Our comprehensive loan and property history database and data tracking lead to a deep understanding of our markets. This understanding, coupled with our long-term relationships with loan sellers, we believe allows us to purchase loans at a discount to UPB and a significant discount to current property values. Our database contains foreclosure timelines on an individual county basis and in some instances, also on an individual judge basis. In addition to resolution timeline data, we track data by state, Metropolitan Statistical Area and zip code regarding crime rates, education, electoral participation and other variables that we believe closely correlate with property values. 
 
 Our strategy is adaptable to changing market environments, subject to compliance with the income and other tests, which allows us to continue to qualify and maintain our qualification as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes and to maintain our exclusion from regulation as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. As a result, our acquisition and management decisions depend on prevailing market conditions, and our targeted investments may vary over time in response to market conditions. We may change our strategy and policies without a vote of our stockholders. Moreover, although our independent directors will periodically review our investment guidelines and our portfolio, they generally will not review particular proposed asset acquisitions or asset management decisions. See Investment Guidelines. 

Our Portfolio 
 
 The following table outlines the carrying value of our portfolio of mortgage loan assets and single-family and smaller commercial properties as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 in millions): 
 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Residential RPLs 872.9 971.1 Residential NPLs 105.1 119.5 SBC loans 11.1 19.3 Real estate owned properties, net 6.3 6.1 Investments in securities at fair value 257.1 355.2 Investment in beneficial interests 134.6 139.6 Total mortgage related assets 1,387.1 1,610.8 
 
 We closely monitor the status of our mortgage loans and, through our Servicer, work with our borrowers to improve their payment records. 

Investment Process 
 
 We value our portfolio on a loan-by-loan and property-by-property basis. Purchase prices generally are at a discount to UPB and a significant discount to current property value, based in part on up to two unaffiliated broker price opinions BPOs for every property. Employees and agents of our Manager periodically view the exteriors of properties prior to completion of due diligence and the information from such visits is incorporated into final loan pricing negotiations with the sellers. 
 
 We estimate our resolution timelines using a combination of proprietary data, modeling and historical trends. Our analysis of the resolution or foreclosure timeline for a mortgage loan is based on its history to date with added time cushion. We have developed a robust database of foreclosure timelines on an individual county basis and, in some instances, on an individual judge basis. We also use statistical models to determine the expected modification success probability and the expected short sale success probabilities. We have an extensive due diligence process to validate data consistency, accuracy and compliance and to perform document and third-party lien reviews on all loan files. 
 
 6 

The most important factors in analyzing RPLs are the level and duration of continued re-performance, the potential for HPA, prevailing interest rates, the potential for economic growth and the availability of financing for the borrower. The analysis of all mortgage loan and REO acquisitions is also affected by the supply of existing housing and rate of housing starts as higher construction costs, particularly if replacement cost is greater than market price, can slow the rate of starts and new housing inventory and lead to rising rental rates relative to mortgage payments. We evaluate geographic location priorities based on many different factors and data, including, but not limited to, employment rates and the local mismatch between employment rates and housing supply, demographic shifts, cost of new construction, social services, education, crime and voting participation rates. 
 
 The following graphic outlines the process the Manager generally uses for assessing RPL and NPL portfolio purchase opportunities: 

Investment Guidelines 
 
 All of our investment activities are conducted by our Manager on our behalf pursuant to the Third Amended and Restated Management Agreement with the Manager, which expires March 5, 2034 (the Management Agreement ). Our principal objective is to generate attractive risk-adjusted returns for our stockholders over the long-term through dividends and capital appreciation. 
 
 Our board of directors Board of Directors has adopted an investment policy designed to facilitate the management of our capital and assets and the maintenance of an investment portfolio profile that meets our objectives. The investment policy will help the Board of Directors oversee our efforts to achieve a return on assets consistent with our business objectives and to maintain adequate liquidity to meet any financial covenants and regular cash requirements. 
 
 Any purchase of RPLs, SBC loans or real property is analyzed by the portfolio acquisition group. Our Manager may, without a vote of our stockholders, consider any investment consistent with our investment policy. We may also acquire single-family homes, smaller multi-family residential properties, smaller mixed use retail/residential/office properties and smaller commercial properties either upon foreclosure or other settlement of our owned NPLs or in the market and generally sell such property. 
 
 7 

Our Manager is authorized to finance our investment positions through repurchase agreements, secured debt and other financing arrangements, provided such agreements are negotiated with counterparties approved by the investment committee. Our Manager believes it is critical to structure any financing facilities to significantly limit the risk to our business from falling collateral values and margin calls. We fund many of our asset acquisitions with non-recourse securitizations in which the underlying collateral is not marked to market and employ repurchase agreements without the obligation to mark to market the underlying collateral to the extent available. We may also hedge our interest rate exposure on our financing activities through the use of interest rate swaps, forwards, futures and options, subject to prior approval from the investment committee, though no such hedges are currently in use. We also acquire loans and other real estate assets through joint ventures. 
 
 Our Board of Directors has adopted the following additional investment guidelines: 
 
 investments and acquisitions that exceed 15 of our equity from time to time must be approved by the Investment Supervisory Committee of our Board of Directors; 
 no investment shall be made that would cause us to fail to qualify as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes; 
 no investment shall be made that would cause us to be regulated as an investment company under the Investment Company Act; 
 our assets will be invested within our target assets, as described above; and 
 until appropriate investments can be identified, we may pay off short-term debt or invest the proceeds of any offering in interest-bearing, short-term investments, including funds that are consistent with qualifying and maintaining our qualification as a REIT. 
 
 Our investment policy and guidelines may be changed from time to time by our Board of Directors without the approval of our stockholders. 

Broad Investment Policy Risks 
 
 Our investment policy is very broad and, therefore, our Manager has great latitude in determining the types of assets that are appropriate investments for us, as well as the individual investment decisions. In the future, our Manager may make investments on our behalf with lower rates of return than those anticipated under current market conditions and/or may make investments with greater risks to achieve those anticipated returns. Our Board of Directors periodically reviews our investment policy and guidelines and our investment portfolio but does not review or approve each proposed investment by our Manager unless it falls outside our previously approved investment policy or constitutes a related party transaction. In conducting periodic reviews, our Board of Directors relies primarily on information provided to it by our Manager. Transactions entered into by our Manager may be costly, difficult or impossible to unwind by the time they are reviewed by our Board of Directors. 
 
 In addition, we may change our business strategy and investment policy and targeted asset classes at any time without the consent of our stockholders, and this could result in our making investments that are different in type from, and possibly riskier, than our current investments or the investments currently contemplated. Changes in our investment strategy and investment policy and targeted asset classes may increase our exposure to interest rate risk, counterparty risk, default risk and real estate market fluctuations, which could materially and adversely affect us. 

Policies with Respect to Certain Transactions 
 
 Other than (i) transactions in which our Servicer is the holder of record because we or our subsidiaries may not hold the necessary license to hold those assets directly, but where we are the beneficial owner of at least 95 of the participation rights in those assets, or (ii) as approved by a majority of the independent members of our Board of Directors, we generally will not purchase portfolio assets from, or sell them to, our directors or officers or to our Manager, Aspen or any of their affiliates or engage in any transaction in which they have a direct or indirect pecuniary interest, including in connection with the securitization of any of our mortgage loan assets (other than our agreements with our Manager, the Servicer and Aspen described in more detail herein) without the consent of the Investment Supervisory Committee of the Board of Directors. 

Policies with Respect to Certain Other Activities 
 
 We intend to raise additional funds through future offerings of equity or debt securities or the retention of cash flow (subject to REIT distribution requirements) or a combination of these methods. In the event that our Board of Directors determines to raise additional equity capital, it has the authority, without stockholder approval, to issue additional common stock or preferred stock in any manner and on such terms and for such consideration as it deems appropriate, at any time, subject to compliance with applicable regulatory requirements. 
 
 8 

In addition, we expect to borrow money to finance or refinance the acquisition of RPLs, SBC loans and REO and for general corporate purposes, and we may borrow to finance the payment of dividends. Our investment policy, the assets in our portfolio, the decision to use leverage and the appropriate level of leverage will be based on our Manager s assessment of a variety of factors, including our historical and projected financial condition, liquidity and results of operations, financing covenants, the cash flow generation capability of assets, the availability of credit on favorable terms, our outlook for borrowing costs relative to the unlevered yields on our assets, our intention to qualify and maintain our qualification as a REIT and exemption from the Investment Company Act, applicable law, and other factors, as our Board of Directors may deem relevant from time to time. Our decision to use leverage is at our Manager s discretion and is not subject to the approval of our stockholders. We are not restricted by our governing documents in the amount of leverage that we may use. 
 
 We may also invest in the securities of other REITs, other entities engaged in real estate activities or securities of other issuers for the purpose of exercising control over such entities or with the intention of realizing short-term or long-term gains. We do not intend that our investments in securities will require us to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act, and we would intend to divest such securities before any such registration would be required. We do not intend to underwrite securities of other issuers. We finance our assets with what we believe to be a prudent amount of leverage, which will vary from time to time based upon the particular characteristics of our portfolio, availability of financing and market conditions. We have funded and intend to continue to fund our asset acquisitions with non-recourse securitizations in which the underlying collateral is not marked to market and employ repurchase agreements without the obligation to mark to market the underlying collateral to the extent available. Our repurchase agreements include terms ranging from a maximum borrowing base of 90 of market value to 75 of purchase price, not to exceed 75 of property value. See Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources for a description of our securitizations, our repurchase financing facility and any other outstanding indebtedness. 
 
 In a repurchase agreement, we sell an asset to a counterparty at a discounted value, or the loan amount, and simultaneously agree to repurchase the same asset from such counterparty at a price equal to the loan amount plus interests. Despite being legally structured as sales and subsequent repurchases, repurchase agreements are generally accounted for as debt secured by the underlying assets. During the term of a repurchase agreement, we generally receive the income and other payments distributed with respect to the underlying assets, and pay interest to the counterparty. While the proceeds of our repurchase agreement financings are often used to purchase additional assets subject to the same repurchase agreement, our financing arrangements are not expected to restrict our ability to use proceeds from these arrangements to support our other liquidity needs. Our repurchase agreement arrangements are typically documented under the standard form master repurchase agreement of the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association, with the ability for both parties to request margin. Given daily market volatility, we and our repurchase agreement counterparties are required to post additional margin collateral to each other from time to time as part of the normal course of our business. Our repurchase agreement financing counterparties generally have the right to determine the value of the underlying collateral for purposes of determining the amount of margin, subject to the terms and conditions of our agreement with the counterparty, including, in certain cases, our right to dispute the counterparty s valuation determination. 
 
 We may utilize other types of borrowings in the future, including, but not limited to, debt financing through bank credit facilities, warehouse lines of credit and structured financing arrangements, among others. We may also seek to raise additional capital through public or private offerings of debt or equity securities, depending upon market conditions. However, there can be no assurance as to how much additional financing capacity such efforts will produce, what form the financing will take or that such efforts will be successful. If we are unable to expand our sources of financing, our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected. 
 
 Our use of leverage, especially in order to increase the amount of assets supported by our capital base, may have the effect of increasing losses when these assets underperform. Our charter, bylaws and investment policies require no minimum or maximum leverage and our Investment Supervisory Committee has the discretion, subject to the oversight of our Board of Directors, to change both our overall leverage and the leverage used for individual asset classes. Because our strategy is flexible, dynamic and opportunistic, our overall leverage will vary over time and our Board of Directors believes it is appropriate to apply higher leverage to higher quality assets. 
 
 We currently do not hedge the risk associated with the mortgage loans and real estate underlying our portfolios. However, we may undertake risk mitigation activities with respect to our debt financing interest rate obligations. We expect that our debt financing may at times be based on a floating rate of interest calculated on a fixed spread over the relevant index, as determined by the particular financing arrangement. A significantly rising interest rate environment could have an adverse effect on the cost of our financing. To mitigate this risk, we may use derivative financial instruments such as interest rate swaps and interest rate options in an effort to reduce the variability of earnings caused by changes in the interest rates we pay on our debt, subject to our maintaining compliance with the terms of the no-action letter so that we are not treated as a commodity pool 
 9 

operator for purposes of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the Dodd-Frank Act ). See Operating and Regulatory Structure Commodity Pool Operator Exemption. 
 
 These derivative transactions will be entered into solely for risk management purposes, not for investment purposes. When undertaken, these derivative instruments likely will expose us to certain risks such as price and interest rate fluctuations, timing risk, volatility risk, credit risk, counterparty risk and changes in the liquidity of markets. Therefore, although we expect to transact in these derivative instruments purely for risk management, they may not adequately protect us from fluctuations in our financing interest rate obligations. No such derivative instruments are currently in use. 

The Management Agreement 
 
 We have 19.8 ownership in our Manager. Under the Management Agreement, the Manager implements our business strategy and manages our business and investment activities and day-to-day operations, subject to oversight by our Board of Directors. Among other services, the Manager, directly or through affiliates, provides us with a management team and necessary administrative and support personnel. Additionally, we pay directly for services related to internal audit, a function that reports to the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors. We do not currently have any employees paid directly by us and do not expect to have any other employees that are paid directly by us in the foreseeable future. Each of our executive officers is an employee or officer, or both, of the Manager and/or the Servicer. 
 
 Under the Management Agreement, we pay both a base management fee and an incentive fee to the Manager. 
 
 The base management fee equals 1.5 of our stockholders equity per annum, including equity equivalents such as our convertible senior notes, and is calculated and payable quarterly in arrears. We have the option to pay the management fee between 50 to 100 cash at our discretion, and pay the remainder in shares of our common stock. For purposes of calculating the management fee, our stockholders equity means: the sum of (i) the net proceeds from any issuances of common stock or other equity securities we or the Operating Partnership have issued (without double counting) since inception (allocated on a pro rata daily basis for such issuances during the fiscal quarter of any such issuance), and (ii) our and our Operating Partnership s (without double counting) retained earnings calculated in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States U.S. GAAP or "GAAP") at the end of the most recently completed fiscal quarter (without taking into account any non-cash equity compensation expense incurred in current or prior periods), less (A) any amount that we or our Operating Partnership pays to repurchase shares of common stock since inception, (B) any unrealized gains and losses and other non-cash items that have affected consolidated stockholders equity as reported in our consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP, and (C) one-time events pursuant to changes in U.S. GAAP, and certain non-cash items not otherwise described above, in each case after discussions between the Manager and our independent directors and approval by a majority of our independent directors. As a result, our stockholders equity, for purposes of calculating the management fee, could be greater or less than the amount of stockholders equity shown on our consolidated financial statements. 
 
 In the event we elect to pay the Manager in shares of our common stock, the calculation to determine the number of shares of our common stock to be issued to the Manager is outlined as follows. The initial 1.0 million of the quarterly base management fee is payable 75 in cash and 25 in shares of our common stock. Any amount of the base management fee in excess of 1.0 million is payable in shares of our common stock (at our discretion) until payment is 50 in cash and 50 in shares (the 50/50 split ). Any remaining amount of the quarterly base management fee after the 50/50 split threshold is reached may be payable in equal amounts of cash and shares (at our discretion). The quantity of common stock is determined based on the average of the closing prices of its common stock on the New York Stock Exchange NYSE on the five business days preceding the record date of the most recent regular quarterly dividend to holders of the common stock. The Manager has agreed to hold any shares of common stock received by it as payment of the base management fee for at least three years from the date such shares of common stock are received. 
 
 The Manager is also entitled to an incentive fee, payable quarterly and calculated in arrears, which contains both a quarterly and annual component. A quarterly incentive fee is payable to the Manager if the sum of our dividends on our common stock paid out of taxable income and our increase in book value, all relative to the applicable quarter and calculated per-share on an annualized basis, exceed 8 . The Manager will also be entitled to an annual incentive fee if the sum of the our quarterly cash dividends on its common stock paid out of taxable income, special cash dividends on our common stock paid out of taxable income and increase in book value within the applicable calendar year exceed 8 of our book value per share as of the end of the calendar year. However, no incentive fee may be payable to the Manager with respect to any calendar quarter unless our cumulative core earnings, defined as U.S. GAAP net income or loss less non-cash equity compensation, unrealized gains or losses from mark to market adjustments, one-time adjustments to earnings resulting from changes to U.S. GAAP, and certain other non-cash items, is greater than zero for the most recently completed eight calendar quarters. In the event that the 
 10 

payment of the quarterly base management fee has not reached the 50/50 split, all of the incentive fee is payable in shares of our common stock at our discretion and any until the 50/50 split occurs. In the event that the total payment of the quarterly base management fee and the incentive fee has reached the 50/50 split, 20 of the remaining incentive fee is payable in shares of our common stock and 80 of the remaining incentive fee is payable in cash. Notwithstanding the foregoing, we may elect to pay the incentive fee entirely in cash at our discretion. 
 
 We also reimburse the Manager for all third party, out-of-pocket costs it incurs for managing our business, including third party due diligence and valuation consultants, legal expenses, auditors and other financial services. The reimbursement obligation is not subject to any dollar limitation. Expenses are reimbursed in cash on a monthly basis. 
 
 We will be required to pay the Manager a termination fee in the event that the Management Agreement is terminated as a result of (i) a termination by us without cause, (ii) our decision not to renew the Management Agreement upon the determination of at least two-thirds of our independent directors for reasons including the failure to agree on revised compensation, (iii) a termination by the Manager as a result of us becoming regulated as an "investment company" under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the "Investment Company Act") (other than as a result of the acts or omissions of the Manager in violation of investment guidelines approved by our Board of Directors), or (iv) a termination by the Manager if we default in the performance of any material term of the Management Agreement (subject to a notice and cure period). The termination fee will be equal to twice the combined base fee and incentive fees payable to the Manager during the 12-month period ended as of the end of the most recently completed fiscal quarter prior to the date of termination. 
 
 Under the Management Agreement, we pay a quarterly base management fee based on our stockholders equity, including equity equivalents such as our issuance of convertible senior notes. Also, under the First Amendment to the Third Amended and Restated Management Agreement with the Manager, which has an effective date of March 1, 2023, our quarterly base management fee will include our unsecured debt securities to the extent the proceeds were used to repurchase our preferred stock. 
 
 We may be required to pay a quarterly and annual incentive management fee based on our cash distributions to our stockholders and increases in our book value. Manager fees are expensed in the quarter incurred and the portion payable in common stock is included in stockholders equity at quarter end. 

The Servicer 
 
 We are also a party to the Servicing Agreement (the Servicing Agreement ), expiring July 8, 2029, with the Servicer. Our Servicer, Gregory, was formed by the members of our Manager s management team to service high-touch assets, which are loans that require substantial and active interaction with the borrower for modification or other resolution. These loans are to less creditworthy borrowers or for properties the value of which has decreased and are more expensive to service because they require more frequent interaction with customers and greater monitoring and oversight. Our Servicer is licensed to service loans in all states where such license is required to conduct its business, and currently has mortgage loan origination staff who are licensed in 14 states. It also holds mortgage lending, debt collection or similar licenses in the states where such licenses are required. Our Servicer is a Freddie Mac authorized servicer, a Home Affordable Modification Program HAMP registered servicer, a Veterans Administration Servicer and has unsupervised Title II Mortgage authorization from the Federal Housing Administration FHA ). At December 31, 2022, we owned an 8.0 equity interest in the parent company of our Servicer and warrants to acquire an additional 12.0 , all held through a TRS. 
 
 Our Servicer must comply with a wide array of U.S. federal, state and local laws and regulations that regulate, among other things, the manner in which it services our mortgage loans and manages our real property in accordance with the Servicing Agreement, including Consumer Financial Protection Bureau CFPB mortgage servicing regulations promulgated pursuant to the Dodd-Frank Act. These laws and regulations cover a wide range of topics. The laws and regulations are complex and vary greatly among the states and localities. In addition, these laws and regulations often contain vague standards or requirements, which make compliance efforts challenging. From time to time, the Servicer may become party to certain regulatory inquiries or proceedings, which, even if unrelated to the residential mortgage servicing operation, may result in adverse findings, fines, penalties or other assessments and may affect adversely the Servicer s reputation. 
 
 The Servicer receives an annual servicing fee ranging from 0.65 annually of UPB to 1.25 annually of UPB. The servicing fee is based upon the status of the loan at acquisition. Servicing fees are paid monthly. The fees do not change if an RPL becomes non-performing or vice versa. The total fees we incur for these services depend upon the UPB and type of mortgage loans that the Servicer services pursuant to the terms of the Servicing Agreement. Servicing fees for our real property assets are the greater of (i) the servicing fee applicable to the underlying mortgage loan prior to foreclosure, or (ii) 1.00 
 11 

annually of the fair market value of the REO as reasonably determined by the Manager or 1.00 annually of the purchase price of any REO we otherwise purchase. 
 
 We also reimburse the Servicer for all customary, reasonable and necessary out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred in the performance of its obligations, including the actual cost of any repairs and renovations to REO properties. The total fees we incur for these services will be dependent upon the property value, previous UPB of the relevant loan, and the number of REO properties. 
 
 If the Servicing Agreement has been terminated other than for cause or the Servicer terminates the Servicing Agreement, we will be required to pay a termination fee equal to the aggregate servicing fees payable under the Servicing Agreement for the immediate preceding 12-month period. 
 
 Our Servicer services our mortgage loans, MBS, REO and other real estate assets. Our Servicer is licensed to service loans or is exempt from licensing in all states in which it does business. Our Servicer is also an approved servicer for the FHA and the Veterans Administration VA ). As of the date of this Annual Report, our Servicer is licensed in every state in which licensing is required for such activities. 
 
 Our Servicer employs various loan resolution methodologies with respect to our residential mortgage loans, including loan modification, collateral resolution and collateral disposition. To help us achieve our business objective, the Servicer focuses on (1) supporting the continuing performance of our RPLs; (2) converting a portion of our RPLs and NPLs to performing status; and (3) managing the foreclosure process and timelines with respect to the remainder of those loans. 
 
 Our preferred resolution methodology is typically to cause the RPLs to continue to perform and NPLs to perform through loan modification. Following a period of continued performance, we expect many borrowers will refinance these loans with other lenders at or near the estimated value of the underlying property, potentially generating attractive returns for us. We believe loan re-performance followed by refinancing generates near-term cash flows, provides the highest possible stable economic outcome for us and is a socially responsible business strategy because it keeps more families in their homes. In certain circumstances, we may also consider selling these newly performing loans. However, based on historical experience, we expect that many of our residential NPLs will enter into foreclosure, ultimately becoming REO that we can sell. If a REO property does not meet our investment criteria, we expect the Servicer to engage in REO liquidation and short sale processes to dispose of the property and generate cash for reinvestment in other acquisitions. We believe that our multifaceted resolution approach generally creates optimal stable returns, as all loans and REO may not be amenable to a single resolution strategy. To avoid the 100 prohibited transaction tax on the sale of dealer property by a REIT, we may dispose of assets that may be treated as held primarily for sale to customers in the ordinary course of a trade or business by contributing or selling the assets to a TRS, prior to marketing the asset for sale. For more information regarding our resolution methodologies, see Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Factors That May Affect Our Operating Results Resolution Methodologies. 
 
 The Servicer collects and remits mortgage loan payments, responds to borrower inquiries, accounts for principal and interest, holds custodial and escrow funds for payment of property taxes and insurance premiums, counsels or otherwise works with delinquent borrowers, supervises foreclosures and property dispositions and generally administers the loans. In return for these servicing functions, we pay servicing fees to the Servicer equal to specified percentages of the outstanding unpaid principal balance of the loans being serviced. We are entitled to other forms of servicing compensation, rather than the Servicer, such as late payment or modification fees and any prepayment penalties payable by borrowers. Servicing compensation also includes interest income, or the float, earned on collections that are deposited in various custodial accounts between their receipt and the scheduled or contractual distribution of the funds to investors. Generally, the Servicer does not advance delinquent monthly payments of interest or principal in respect of mortgage loans but will be obligated to make certain servicing advances. 
 
 The Servicer also services the mortgage loans underlying the MBS we create and sell to investors pursuant to customary agreements. 
 
 Under the Servicing Agreement, the Servicer also provides property management, lease management and renovation management services associated with the real properties we acquire upon conversion of mortgage loans that we own or that we acquire directly and assists in finding third party financing for such properties. 

Competition 
 
 12 

In acquiring our assets, we compete with other mortgage and hybrid REITs, hedge funds, specialty finance companies, savings and loan associations, banks, mortgage bankers, insurance companies, mutual funds, investment banking firms, financial institutions, governmental bodies and other entities. Most of our competitors are significantly larger than us, have greater access to capital and other resources and may have other advantages over us. In addition to existing companies, other companies may be organized for similar purposes, including companies focused on purchasing mortgage assets. A proliferation of such companies may increase the competition for equity capital and thereby adversely affect the price of our shares of common stock. In addition, some of our competitors may have higher risk tolerances or different risk assessments, which could allow them to consider a wider variety of assets and establish more relationships than us. 
 
 In the face of this competition, we rely on our Manager s professionals and their industry expertise, which we believe provides us with a competitive advantage and helps us assess risks and determine appropriate pricing for certain potential assets. In addition, we believe that these relationships enable us to compete more effectively for attractive asset acquisition opportunities. However, we may not be able to achieve our business objectives due to the competitive risks that we face. 

Operating and Regulatory Structure 

Tax Requirements 
 
 We elected to be taxed as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes beginning with our taxable year ended December 31, 2014. Provided that we continue to maintain our qualification as a REIT, we generally will not be subject to U.S. federal income tax on our REIT taxable income that is currently distributed to our stockholders. REITs are subject to a number of organizational and operational requirements, including a requirement that they currently distribute at least 90 of their annual REIT taxable income excluding net capital gains. We cannot assure you that we will be able to continue to comply with such requirements in the future. Failure to qualify as a REIT in any taxable year would cause us to be subject to U.S. federal income tax on our taxable income at regular corporate rates (and any applicable state and local taxes). Even if we qualify for taxation as a REIT, we may be subject to certain U.S. federal, state, local and non-U.S. taxes on our income. For example, for any business that we conduct through a TRS, the income generated by that subsidiary will be subject to U.S. federal, state and local income tax. GAJX Real Estate Corp. is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Operating Partnership formed to own, maintain, improve and sell certain REO purchased by us. GA-TRS is a wholly owned subsidiary of our Operating Partnership that owns our 19.8 equity interest in our Manager and our 8.0 interest in the parent of our Servicer. We have elected to treat both GAJX Real Estate Corp. and GA-TRS as TRSs under the Code. 

Investment Company Act Exclusion 
 
 We conduct our operations so that neither we nor any of our subsidiaries is required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. Section 3(a)(1)(A) of the Investment Company Act defines an investment company as any issuer that is or holds itself out as being engaged primarily in the business of investing, reinvesting or trading in securities. Section 3(a)(1)(C) of the Investment Company Act defines an investment company as any issuer that is engaged or proposes to engage in the business of investing, reinvesting, owning, holding or trading in securities and owns or proposes to acquire investment securities having a value exceeding 40 of the value of the issuer s total assets (exclusive of U.S. government securities and cash items) on an unconsolidated basis, which we refer to as the 40 test. Excluded from the term investment securities, among other things, are securities issued by majority-owned subsidiaries that are not themselves investment companies and are not relying on the exclusion from the definition of investment company set forth in Section 3(c)(1) or Section 3(c)(7) of the Investment Company Act. 
 
 We are organized as a holding company and conduct our businesses primarily through wholly owned subsidiaries of our Operating Partnership. Our Operating Partnership holds certain real estate and real estate-related assets, directly and through subsidiaries. Neither we nor our Operating Partnership nor Great Ajax Funding is an investment company under Section 3(a)(1)(C). In addition, we conduct our operations so that neither we nor our Operating Partnership nor Great Ajax Funding come within the definition of an investment company by ensuring that less than 40 of the value of our total assets on an unconsolidated basis consists of investment securities. 
 
 We monitor our compliance with the 40 test and the holdings of our subsidiaries to ensure that each of our subsidiaries is in compliance with an applicable exemption or exclusion from registration as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. 
 
 Our 19.8 equity interest in our Manager and our 8.0 equity interest in the parent company of our Servicer are owned by GA-TRS, which is a special purpose subsidiary of our Operating Partnership. GA-TRS may rely on Section 3(c)(1) or 3(c)(7) for its Investment Company Act exclusion and, therefore, our interest in such subsidiary would constitute an 
 13 

investment security for purposes of determining whether we pass the 40 test. We also may form certain other wholly owned or majority-owned subsidiaries that will invest, subject to our investment guidelines, in other real estate-related assets. These subsidiaries may rely upon the exclusion from the definition of investment company under the Investment Company Act pursuant to Section 3(c)(1) or 3(c)(7) of the Investment Company Act. The securities issued by any wholly owned or majority-owned subsidiary that we may form and that are excluded from the definition of investment company based on Section 3(c)(1) or 3(c)(7) of the Investment Company Act, together with any other investment securities we may own, may not have a value in excess of 40 of the value of our total assets on an unconsolidated basis. 
 
 In addition, we believe that neither we nor certain of our subsidiaries will be considered investment companies under Section 3(a)(1)(A) of the Investment Company Act because we and they will not engage primarily or hold themselves out as being engaged primarily in the business of investing, reinvesting or trading in securities. Rather, we and such subsidiaries will be primarily engaged in non-investment company businesses related to real estate. Consequently, we and our subsidiaries expect to be able to conduct our operations such that none will be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. 
 
 Certain of our subsidiaries may also rely upon certain exclusions from the definition of investment company under Section 3(c)(5)(C) of the Investment Company Act. Section 3(c)(5)(C), as interpreted by the staff of the SEC, requires an entity to invest at least 55 of its assets in mortgages and other liens on and interests in real estate, which we refer to as qualifying real estate interests, and at least 80 of its assets in qualifying real estate interests plus real estate-related assets. 
 
 On August 31, 2011, the SEC published a concept release entitled Companies Engaged in the Business of Acquiring Mortgages and Mortgage Related Instruments (Investment Company Act Rel. No. 29778). This release notes that the SEC is reviewing the Section 3(c)(5)(C) exclusion relied upon by companies similar to us that invest in mortgage loans. There can be no assurance that the laws and regulations governing the Investment Company Act status of companies similar to ours, or the guidance from the SEC or its staff regarding the treatment of assets as qualifying real estate assets or real estate-related assets, will not change in a manner that adversely affects our operations as a result of this review. To the extent that the SEC or its staff provides more specific guidance regarding any of the matters bearing upon our exclusion from the need to register under the Investment Company Act, we may be required to adjust our strategy accordingly. Any additional guidance from the SEC staff could provide additional flexibility to us, or it could further inhibit our ability to pursue the strategies that we have chosen. 
 
 The loss of our exemption from regulation pursuant to the Investment Company Act could require us to restructure our operations, sell certain of our assets or abstain from the purchase of certain assets, which could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. See Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Organizational Structure Maintenance of our exclusion from registration as an investment company under the Investment Company Act imposes significant limitations on our operations. 

Commodity Pool Operator Exemption 
 
 Under the Dodd-Frank Act, any investment fund that trades in swaps may be considered a commodity pool, which would cause its operators to be regulated as a commodity pool operator, or CPO ). We have relied on no-action relief from registration from the Commodity Futures Trading Commission CFTC and filed our claim with the CFTC to perfect the use of the no-action relief from registration. In order to be exempt from registration as a CPO under the no-action relief, we must, among other non-operation requirements: (1) limit our initial margin and premiums required to establish our swap or futures positions to no more than 5 of the fair market value of our total assets; and (2) limit our net income derived annually from our swaps and futures positions that are not qualifying hedging transactions to less than 5 of our gross income. The need to operate within these parameters could limit the use of swaps by us below the level that we would otherwise consider optimal or may lead to the registration of our company or our directors as CPOs. See Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Related to Regulatory and Legislative Actions We may be unable to operate within the parameters that allow us to be excluded from regulation as a commodity pool operator, which would subject us to additional regulation and compliance requirements, and could materially adversely affect our business and financial condition. 

Environmental Matters 
 
 As an owner of real estate, we are subject to various U.S. federal, state and local environmental laws, regulations and ordinances and also could be liable to third parties resulting from environmental contamination or noncompliance with environmental laws at our properties. Environmental laws can impose liability on an owner or operator of real property for the investigation and remediation of contamination at or migrating from such real property, without regard to whether the owner or operator knew of or was responsible for the presence of the contaminants. The costs of any required investigation or cleanup of these substances could be substantial. The liability is generally not limited under such laws and could exceed the property s 
 14 

value and the aggregate assets of the liable party. The presence of contamination or the failure to remediate contamination at our properties also may expose us to third-party liability for personal injury or property damage or adversely affect our ability to sell, lease or renovate the real estate or to borrow using the real estate as collateral. See also Item 1A. Risk Factors. 

Employees 
 
 Exclusive of certain incentive stock grants, we do not currently have any employees who are paid directly by us, and, excluding incentive stock grants, do not expect to have any employees paid directly by us in the foreseeable future. Each of our executive officers is an employee or officer or both, of our Manager or of the Servicer, and they are paid by our Manager or the Servicer, as applicable. Our Manager and the Servicer share employees with other affiliates of Aspen as necessary to implement our business strategy. 

Available Information 
 
 Our web address is www.greatajax.com. Our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act are made available on our website as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). 
 
 The information on our website does not constitute a part of this Annual Report and is not incorporated by reference. Our reference to the URL for our website is intended to be an inactive textual reference only. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 You should carefully consider the risks described below together with the other information included in this Annual Report. Our business, financial condition or results of operations could be adversely affected by any of these risks. If any of these risks occur, the value of our common stock could decline. 

Risks Related to Our Business 
 
 A significant portion of our mortgage loans may become NPLs, which could increase our risk of loss. 
 
 We may acquire mortgage loans where the borrower has failed to make timely payments of principal and/or interest currently or in the past. As part of the mortgage loan portfolios we purchase, we also may acquire performing loans that subsequently become non-performing. Under current market conditions, many of these loans will have current loan-to-value ratios in excess of 100 , meaning the amount owed on the loan exceeds the value of the underlying real estate. Although we expect to purchase loans at significant discounts to UPB and underlying property value, if actual results are different from our assumptions in determining the prices for such loans, particularly if the market value of the underlying property decreases significantly, we may incur significant losses. There are no limits on the percentage of NPLs we may hold. Any loss we incur may be significant and could materially and adversely affect us. 
 
 We primarily own higher risk loans, which are more expensive to service than conventional mortgage loans. 
 
 A significant percentage of the mortgage loans we own are higher risk loans, meaning that the loans are made to less creditworthy borrowers or for properties the value of which has decreased, including as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. These loans are more expensive to service because they require more frequent interaction with customers and greater monitoring and oversight. Additionally, in connection with mortgage market reforms and recent and possible future regulatory developments, servicers of higher risk loans may be subject to increased scrutiny by state and U.S. federal regulators or may experience higher compliance costs, which could result in a further increase in servicing costs. Through the Servicing Agreement, the Servicer passes along to us many of the additional third-party expenses incurred by it in servicing these higher risk loans. The greater cost of servicing higher risk loans, which may be further increased through regulatory changes, could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 A change in delinquencies for the loans we own could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 A significant percentage of the mortgage loans we own are higher risk loans, which tend to have higher delinquency and default rates than GSE and government agency-insured mortgage loans. These higher risk loans, combined with decreases in property values, have caused increases in loan-to-value ratios, resulting in borrowers having little or negative equity in their 
 15 

property, which may provide an incentive to borrowers to strategically default on their loans. Recent laws delay the initiation or completion of foreclosure proceedings on specified types of residential mortgage loans or otherwise limit the ability of mortgage servicers to take actions that may be essential to preserve the value of the mortgage loans. Any such limitations are likely to cause delayed or reduced collections from mortgagors. 
 
 The lack of liquidity of our assets may adversely affect our business, including our ability to sell our assets. 
 
 We acquire assets, securities or other instruments that are not liquid or publicly traded, and market conditions could significantly and negatively affect the liquidity of other assets. 
 
 In addition, mortgage-related assets generally experience periods of illiquidity, including periods of delinquencies and defaults with respect to residential and commercial mortgage loans. Further, validating third-party pricing for illiquid assets may be more subjective than for liquid assets. Any illiquidity of our assets may make it difficult for us to sell such assets if the need or desire arises. In addition, if we are required to liquidate all or a portion of our portfolio quickly, we may realize significantly less than the value at which we previously recorded our assets. We may also face other restrictions on our ability to liquidate any assets for which we have or could be attributed with material non-public information. If we are unable to sell our assets at favorable prices or at all, it could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and our ability to make distributions to our stockholders. Assets that are illiquid are more difficult to finance, and to the extent that we use leverage to finance assets that become illiquid, we may lose that leverage or have it reduced. Assets tend to become less liquid during times of financial stress, which is often the time that liquidity is most needed. As a result, our ability to sell assets or vary our portfolio in response to changes in economic and other conditions may be limited by liquidity constraints, which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 The principal and interest payments on our retained MBS are not guaranteed by any entity and, therefore, are subject to increased risks, including credit risk as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 
 We create and retain MBS that are backed by residential mortgage loans that do not conform to the Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac underwriting guidelines. Consequently, the principal and interest on those MBS are not guaranteed by GSEs such as Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, or securitized through Ginnie Mae. We do not currently expect to acquire third-party non-Agency MBS. Our MBS are and will be subject to many of the risks of the respective underlying mortgage loans. In particular, the market for MBS has been, and is expected to continue to be, significantly and adversely impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic. A residential mortgage loan is typically secured by a single-family residential property and is subject to risks of delinquency and foreclosure and risks of loss. The ability of a borrower to repay a loan secured by a residential property depends upon the income or assets of the borrower. A number of factors, including the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, a prolonged economic downturn, unemployment, acts of God, terrorism, social unrest and civil disturbances, may impair borrowers abilities to repay their mortgage loans. In periods following home price declines, strategic defaults (decisions by borrowers to default on their mortgage loans despite having the ability to pay) also may become more prevalent. 
 
 In the event of defaults under mortgage loans backing any of our retained MBS, we will bear a risk of loss of principal to the extent of any deficiency between the value of the collateral and the principal and accrued interest of the mortgage loan. Additionally, in the event of the bankruptcy of a mortgage loan borrower, the mortgage loan to such borrower will be deemed to be secured only to the extent of the value of the underlying collateral at the time of bankruptcy (as determined by the bankruptcy court), and the lien securing the mortgage loan will be subject to the avoidance powers of the bankruptcy trustee or debtor-in-possession to the extent the lien is unenforceable under state law. Foreclosure of a mortgage loan can be an expensive and lengthy process which could have a substantial negative effect on our anticipated return on the foreclosed mortgage loan. If borrowers default on the mortgage loans backing our MBS and we are unable to recover any resulting loss through the foreclosure process, our business, financial condition and results of operations and our ability to make distributions to our stockholders could be materially adversely affected. 
 
 Residential mortgage loan modification, refinance, or forbearance programs, future legislative action, and other actions and changes in the general economy may materially and adversely affect the supply of, value of, and returns on RPLs and NPLs. 
 
 Our business model depends on the acquisition of a steady supply of RPLs and NPLs, our ability to support continued performance by borrowers, the success of our loan modification and other resolution efforts and to a certain extent, the conversion of a portion of those loans to REO that we can then sell or rent. The number of RPLs and NPLs available for purchase may be reduced by uncertainty in the lending industry and the governmental sector and/or as a result of general economic conditions. Lenders have delayed foreclosure proceedings, offered payment forbearance, renegotiated interest rates, or refinanced loans for borrowers who face foreclosure. 
 
 16 

In addition, as a reaction to the COVID-19 outbreak, the U.S. federal government has instituted and may continue to institute programs aimed at assisting at-risk homeowners, or reducing the number of properties going into foreclosure or going into non-performing status. Government sponsored or mandated loss mitigation programs may involve, among other things, the modification of residential mortgage loans to reduce the principal amount of the loans (through forbearance and/or forgiveness) and/or the rate of interest payable on the loans or to extend the payment terms of the loans. For example, section 4022 of the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act (the CARES Act ), requires that for a limited period of time, and upon a request by a borrower with a federally backed mortgage loan who is experiencing a COVID-19-related financial hardship, the servicer of the borrower s loan must grant the borrower a forbearance for up to 180 days (or longer if the borrower requests an extension). Certain states have imposed or encouraged similar forbearance programs, or may do so in the future. Extended forbearance, foreclosure timelines and eviction timelines could result in lower yields and losses on our mortgage loan and beneficial interest portfolios and losses on our REO held-for-sale. Ongoing disruption in the credit markets could result in margin calls from our financing counterparties and additional mark downs on our Investments in debt securities, beneficial interests and mortgage loans. These programs, any other programs that may replace them, future legislative or regulatory actions, including possible amendments to the bankruptcy laws that result in the modification of outstanding residential mortgage loans, as well as changes in the requirements necessary to qualify for refinancing residential mortgage loans, may materially and adversely affect the value of, and the returns on, our portfolio of RPLs and NPLs. 
 
 Other governmental actions may affect our business by hindering the pace of foreclosures. Certain jurisdictions suffer from a backlog of foreclosures, due to a combination of volume constraints and legal actions, including those brought by the U.S. Department of Justice DOJ ), the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development HUD ), State Attorneys General, the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, and the Federal Reserve Board against mortgage servicers alleging wrongful foreclosure practices. Legal claims brought or threatened by the DOJ, HUD, CFPB and State Attorneys General against residential mortgage servicers have produced large settlements. A portion of the funds from these settlements were directed to homeowners seeking to avoid foreclosure through mortgage modifications, and servicers are required to adopt specified measures to reduce mortgage obligations in certain situations. We expect that the settlements will help many homeowners avoid foreclosures that would otherwise have occurred. It is also possible that other residential mortgage servicers will agree to similar settlements. In addition, the U.S. Congress and numerous state legislatures have considered, proposed or adopted legislation to constrain foreclosures, or may do so in the future. These developments will reduce the number of homes in the process of foreclosure and decrease the supply of properties and assets that meet our investment criteria. 
 
 The Dodd-Frank Act also created the CFPB, which supervises consumer financial services companies (including bank and non-bank mortgage lenders and mortgage servicers) and enforces U.S. federal consumer protection laws as they apply to banks, credit unions and other financial services companies, including mortgage servicers, and which has issued many regulations regarding mortgage origination and servicing. These regulations provide for special remedies in favor of consumer mortgage borrowers, particularly upon default and foreclosure. It remains uncertain whether any of these measures significantly affect foreclosure volumes. If foreclosure volumes were to decline significantly, we may experience difficulty in finding target assets at attractive prices, which will materially and adversely affect us. Also, the number of families seeking rental housing might be reduced by such legislation, reducing rental housing demand for properties that we may seek to rent in our markets. 
 
 The supply of RPLs, NPLs and SBC loans may decline over time as a result of higher credit standards for new loans and the prices for RPLs, NPLs and SBC loans may increase, which could materially and adversely affect us. 
 
 As a result of the continuing effects of the economic crisis in 2008, there has been an increased supply of RPLs and NPLs available for sale. However, in response to the economic crisis, the origination of jumbo, subprime, Alt-A and second-lien residential mortgage loans has dramatically declined as lenders have increased their standards of creditworthiness in originating new loans and fewer homeowners may go into NPL status on their residential mortgage loans. Lenders may continue to rely on heightened credit standards, in light of the economic effects of the COVID-19 crisis or other crises. In addition, the prices at which both residential and SBC RPLs can be acquired may increase due to the entry of new participants into the distressed loan marketplace or a smaller supply of RPLs in the marketplace. For these reasons, along with the continuing slow rate of general improvement in the economy, the supply of RPLs and NPLs that we may acquire may decline over time, which could materially and adversely affect us. 
 
 The SBC loans we expect to acquire will be subject to the ability of the commercial property owner to generate net income from operating the property as well as the increased risks of delinquency and foreclosure. 
 
 The ability of a commercial mortgage borrower to repay a SBC loan secured by an income-producing property, such as a multi-family residential and commercial mixed use retail/residential property, typically is dependent primarily upon the successful operation of such property rather than upon the existence of independent income or assets of the borrower. If the net operating income of the property is reduced, the borrower s ability to repay the SBC loan may be impaired. Net operating 
 17 

income of an income producing property can be affected by, among other things, tenant mix, success of tenant businesses, property management decisions, property location and condition, competition from comparable types of properties, changes in laws that increase operating expense, limit rents that may be charged, or that restrict eviction and replacement of nonpaying tenants, any need to address environmental contamination at the property, the occurrence of any uninsured casualty at the property, changes in national, regional or local economic conditions or specific industry segments, declines in regional or local real estate values, declines in regional or local rental or occupancy rates, increases in interest rates, real estate tax rates and other operating expenses, changes in governmental rules, regulations and fiscal policies, including environmental legislation, acts of God, terrorism, social unrest and civil disturbances. In particular, the number of commercial property delinquencies and foreclosures has, and is expected to continue to, significantly increase as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. In the event of the bankruptcy of a commercial mortgage loan borrower, the SBC loan to such borrower will be deemed to be secured only to the extent of the value of the underlying collateral at the time of bankruptcy (as determined by the bankruptcy court), and the lien securing the SBC loan will be subject to the avoidance powers of the bankruptcy trustee or debtor-in-possession to the extent the lien is unenforceable under state law. Foreclosure of a SBC loan can be an expensive and lengthy process, which could have a substantial negative effect on our anticipated return on the foreclosed SBC loan. 
 
 Our SBC loans in respect of smaller multi-family residential properties or smaller mixed use retail/residential properties may be subject to defaults, foreclosure timeline extension, fraud, commercial price depreciation and unfavorable modification of loan principal amount, interest rate and amortization of principal. 
 
 Our SBC loans secured by multi-family or commercial property may be subject to risks of delinquency and foreclosure, and risk of loss that may be greater than similar risks associated with loans made on the security of single-family residential property. The ability of a borrower to repay a loan secured by an income-producing property typically depends primarily upon the successful operation of such property rather than upon the existence of independent income or assets of the borrower. If the net operating income of the property is reduced, the borrower s ability to repay the loan may be impaired. Net operating income of an income-producing property can be affected by, among other things: 
 
 tenant mix; 
 success of tenant businesses; 
 property management decisions; 
 property location and condition; 
 competition from comparable types of properties; 
 changes in laws that increase operating expenses or limit rents that may be charged; 
 any need to address environmental contamination at the property or the occurrence of any uninsured casualty at the property; 
 changes in national, regional or local economic conditions and/or specific industry segments; 
 declines in regional or local real estate values; 
 declines in regional or local rental or occupancy rates; 
 increases in interest rates; 
 real estate tax rates and other operating expenses; 
 changes in governmental rules, regulations and fiscal policies, including environmental legislation; and 
 acts of God, terrorist attacks, social unrest and civil disturbances. 
 
 Difficult conditions in the mortgage, residential real estate and smaller commercial real estate markets as well as general market concerns may adversely affect the value of the assets in which we invest and these conditions may persist for the foreseeable future. 
 
 Our business is materially affected by conditions in the residential mortgage market, the residential real estate market, the smaller commercial real estate market, the financial markets and the economy in general. Concerns about the residential mortgage market, as well as the COVID-19 pandemic, inflation, energy costs, geopolitical issues, concerns over the creditworthiness of governments worldwide and the stability of the global banking system, continuing relatively high unemployment and under-employment and the availability and cost of credit have contributed to increased volatility and diminished expectations for the economy and markets going forward. In particular, the residential mortgage market in the United States has experienced a variety of difficulties and changed economic conditions, including defaults, credit losses and liquidity concerns. The smaller commercial real estate mortgage market also may face increased defaults, losses, or liquidity concerns due to economic conditions or government imposed forbearance programs. 
 
 Certain commercial banks, investment banks and insurance companies continue to announce losses from exposure to the residential mortgage market. These factors have affected investor perception of the risk associated with mortgage-backed securities, other real estate-related securities and various other asset classes in which we may invest. As a result, values of 
 18 

certain of our assets and the asset classes in which we intend to invest have experienced volatility. Further deterioration of the mortgage market and investor perception of the risks associated with MBS we may retain as part of our securitizations, as well as other assets that we acquire could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and our ability to make distributions to our stockholders. 
 
 We may be materially and adversely affected by risks affecting borrowers or any single-family rental properties in which our investments may be concentrated at any given time, as well as from unfavorable changes in the related geographic regions. 
 
 Our assets are not subject to any geographic, diversification or concentration limitations. Accordingly, our investment portfolio may be concentrated by geography, single-family rental property characteristics and/or borrower demographics, increasing the risk of loss to us if the particular concentration in our portfolio is subject to greater risks or undergoing adverse developments. In addition, adverse conditions in the areas where the properties securing or otherwise underlying our investments are located (including business layoffs or downsizing, industry slowdowns, changing demographics and other factors) and local real estate conditions (such as oversupply or reduced demand) may have an adverse effect on the value of our investments. A material decline in the demand for single-family housing or rentals in these or other areas where we own assets may materially and adversely affect us. Lack of diversification can increase the correlation of non-performance and foreclosure risks among our investments. Historically, our mortgage and real estate assets have been concentrated in Florida and the western and southwestern United States. 
 
 Changes in the underwriting standards by Freddie Mac, Fannie Mae or FHA could make it more difficult to refinance our purchased mortgage loans. 
 
 Stricter underwriting standards by Freddie Mac, Fannie Mae or the FHA could affect our ability to refinance mortgage loans and the terms on which mortgage loans may be refinanced, which may adversely affect our business and results of operations. For example, in 2010, Freddie Mac and Fannie Mae announced tighter underwriting guidelines, particularly for adjustable rate mortgages, ARMs ), and hybrid interest-only ARMs Hybrid ARMs ). Specifically, Freddie Mac announced that it would no longer purchase interest-only mortgages and Fannie Mae changed its eligibility criteria for purchasing and securitizing ARMs to protect consumers from potentially dramatic payment increases. If Freddie Mac, Fannie Mae, or the FHA were to adopt other restrictive underwriting standards, that could affect our ability to refinance loans and the terms of those loans. 
 
 The whole residential mortgage loans and other residential mortgage assets in which we invest are subject to risk of default, among other risks. 
 
 The mortgage loans and other mortgage-related assets that we acquire from time to time may be subject to defaults (including re-default for RPLs), foreclosure moratoria or timeline extensions, fraud, residential price depreciation and unfavorable modification of loan principal amount, interest rate and amortization of principal, or government-mandated payment forbearances, among other factors, which could result in losses to us. Residential mortgage loans are secured by single-family residential property and, are subject to risks of delinquency and foreclosure and risks of loss. The payment of the principal and interest on the mortgage loans we acquire would not typically be guaranteed by any sponsored enterprise GSE ), such as Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, or securitized through Ginnie Mae or any other governmental agency. Additionally, by directly acquiring whole mortgage loans, we do not receive the structural credit enhancements that can benefit senior tranches of MBS. A whole mortgage loan is directly exposed to losses resulting from nonpayment or other default. Therefore, the value of the underlying property, the creditworthiness and financial position of the borrower and the priority and enforceability of the lien will significantly affect the value of such mortgage. The ability of a borrower to repay a loan secured by a residential property typically depends upon the income or assets of the borrower. A number of factors, including a general economic downturn, acts of nature, terrorism, social unrest and civil disturbances, may impair a borrower s ability to repay a mortgage loan. Foreclosure of a mortgage loan can be an expensive and lengthy process, which could have a substantial negative effect on our anticipated return on a foreclosed mortgage loan. In the event of a foreclosure, we may assume direct ownership of the underlying real estate. The liquidation proceeds upon sale of such real estate may not be sufficient to recover our cost basis in the loan, and any costs or delays involved in the foreclosure or liquidation process may increase losses. 
 
 Whole mortgage loans are also subject to special hazard risk such as property damage caused by hazards, such as earthquakes or environmental hazards, not covered by standard property insurance policies. In the event of the bankruptcy of a mortgage loan borrower, the mortgage loan to such borrower will be deemed to be secured only to the extent of the value of the underlying collateral at the time of bankruptcy (as determined by the bankruptcy court), and the lien securing the mortgage loan will be subject to the avoidance powers of the bankruptcy trustee or debtor in possession to the extent the lien is unenforceable under state law. In addition, claims may be assessed against us on account of our position as a mortgage holder or property owner, including assignee liability, responsibility for tax payments, environmental hazards and other liabilities. In some cases, 
 19 

these liabilities may be recourse liabilities or may otherwise lead to losses in excess of the purchase price of the related mortgage or property. Although we acquire mortgage loans at significant discounts from their UPB and underlying property value, in the event of any default under a mortgage loan held directly by us, we bear a risk of loss of the principal to the extent of any deficiency between the value of the collateral and the principal and accrued interest of the mortgage loan, which could have a material adverse effect on our cash flow from operations and results of operations. The MBS we retain from our own securitizations evidence interests in, or are secured by, pools of residential mortgage loans. Accordingly, the MBS that we hold is subject to all of the risks of the respective underlying mortgage loans. 
 
 For certain residential mortgage loans, the Dodd-Frank Act established, through amendment to the Truth in Lending Act TILA ), life-of-loan liability on any holder of a residential mortgage loan that takes action on the loan following default (including foreclosure). This liability is premised upon violation of the ATR Rule, as well as violation of the loan originator compensation rule. Borrower remedies, available by way of recoupment or set-off, include statutory damages and attorneys fees. 
 
 If we fail to develop, enhance and implement strategies to adapt to changing conditions in the commercial real estate industry and capital markets, our financial condition and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected by our acquisition of SBC loans. 
 
 The manner in which we compete and the types of SBC loans we are able to acquire will be affected by changing conditions resulting from sudden changes in the commercial real estate industry, regulatory environment, the role of credit rating agencies or their rating criteria or process, or the U.S. and global economies generally. If we do not effectively respond to these changes, or if our strategies to respond to these changes are not successful, our financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected. In addition, we can provide no assurances that we will be successful in executing our business strategy in successfully acquiring SBC loans. 
 
 If we acquire and subsequently re-sell any whole mortgage loans, we may be required to repurchase such loans or indemnify investors if we breach representations and warranties. 
 
 If we acquire and subsequently re-sell any whole mortgage loans, we would generally be required to make customary representations and warranties about such loans to the loan purchaser. Our residential mortgage loan sale agreements and terms of any securitizations into which we sell loans will generally require us to repurchase or substitute loans in the event we breach a representation or warranty given to the loan purchaser. In addition, we may be required to repurchase loans as a result of borrower fraud or in the event of early payment default on a mortgage loan. Repurchased loans are typically worth only a fraction of the original price. Significant repurchase activity could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and our ability to make distributions to our stockholders. Further, depending on the level of repurchase and resale activities, we may determine to conduct any such activities through a taxable REIT subsidiary. 
 
 We are subject to counterparty risk and may be unable to seek indemnity or require our counterparties to repurchase mortgage loans if they breach representations and warranties, which could cause us to suffer losses. 
 
 When selling mortgage loans, sellers typically make customary representations and warranties about such loans. Our residential mortgage loan purchase agreements may entitle us to seek indemnity or demand repurchase or substitution of the loans in the event our counterparty breaches a representation or warranty given to us. However, there can be no assurance that our mortgage loan purchase agreements will contain appropriate representations and warranties, that we will be able to enforce our contractual right to repurchase or substitution, or that our counterparty will remain solvent or otherwise be able to honor its obligations under its mortgage loan purchase agreements. Our inability to obtain indemnity or require repurchase of a significant number of loans could harm our business, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations and our ability to make distributions to our stockholders. 
 
 Certain investments in portfolios of whole mortgage loans and other mortgage assets may require us to purchase less desirable mortgage assets as part of an otherwise desirable pool of mortgage assets, which could subject us to additional risks relating to the less desirable mortgage assets. 
 
 If we acquire portfolios of whole mortgage loans and other mortgage assets, the portfolio may contain some assets that we would not otherwise seek to acquire on their own. These other assets may subject us to additional risks, including impaired performance and reduce the return on our investments. 
 
 To the extent that due diligence is conducted on potential assets, such due diligence may not reveal all of the risks associated with such assets and may not reveal other weaknesses in such assets, which could lead to losses. 
 20 

Before making an investment, we conduct (either directly or using third parties) certain due diligence. There can be no assurance that we will conduct any specific level of due diligence, or that, among other things, our due diligence processes will uncover all relevant facts or that any purchase will be successful, which could result in losses on these assets, which, in turn, could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and our ability to make distributions to our stockholders. 
 
 The failure of a seller of mortgage loans to provide all the necessary documentation to us could adversely affect our ability to leverage our assets or otherwise service the mortgage loans that we will own. 
 
 Pursuant to customary provisions in the purchase agreements governing our loan acquisitions, we also generally have the right to cause the sellers to repurchase certain loans if they do not provide proper documentation to evidence ownership or first lien status with respect to such loans within a specified time period. Any delay or inability to obtain such documentation could adversely affect our ability to leverage such loans, and could adversely affect the Servicer s ability to service those mortgage loans and any such repurchases by the sellers would decrease the size of our portfolio. 
 
 Market conditions as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic and other factors may affect our ability to securitize assets, which could increase our financing costs and adversely affect our results of operations and ability to make distributions. 
 
 Our ability to obtain permanent non-recourse financing through securitizations is affected by a number of factors, including: 
 
 conditions in the securities markets, generally; 
 conditions in the asset-backed securities markets, specifically; 
 yields on our portfolio of mortgage loans; 
 the credit quality of our portfolio of mortgage loans; and 
 our ability to obtain any necessary credit enhancement. 
 
 As a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, the asset-backed securitization markets have experienced unprecedented disruptions, and securitization volumes have decreased sharply. These recent conditions in the securitization markets include reduced liquidity, increased risk premiums for issuers, reduced investor demand, financial distress among financial guaranty insurance providers, a general tightening of credit and substantial regulatory uncertainty. If these conditions do not improve, they could increase our cost of funding, and could reduce or even eliminate our access to the securitization market. As a result, these conditions could preclude us from securitizing assets acquired for such purpose. 
 
 Our ability to sell mortgage loans into securitizations could also be delayed, limited, or precluded by legislative and regulatory reforms applicable to asset-backed securities and the institutions that sponsor, service, rate, or otherwise participate in, or contribute to, the successful execution of a securitization transaction. Other factors could also limit, delay, or preclude our ability to sell assets into securitizations. Provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act have required significant revisions to the legal and regulatory framework that apply to the asset-backed securities markets and securitizations. For example, Section 15G of the Exchange Act, as modified by the Dodd-Frank Act, generally requires the issuer of asset-backed securities to retain not less than five percent of the credit risk of the assets collateralizing the asset-backed securities. While Section 15G includes an exemption for asset-backed securities that are collateralized exclusively by residential mortgages that qualify as qualified residential mortgages (as defined in the accompanying regulations), RPLs of the type that we intend to purchase and securitize generally will not qualify for this exemption. We therefore are required to retain five percent or more of the credit risk associated with the assets we securitize. 
 
 In addition to these laws and rules, other U.S. federal or state laws and regulations that could affect our ability to sell assets into securitization programs may be proposed, enacted, or implemented. These laws and regulations could effectively preclude us from financing our assets through securitizations or could delay our execution of these types of transactions. Other matters, such as (i) accounting standards applicable to securitization transactions and (ii) capital and leverage requirements applicable to banks and other regulated financial institutions that traditionally purchase and hold asset-backed securities, could also result in less investor demand for securities issued through securitization transactions. 
 
 Prepayment rates can change, adversely affecting the performance of our assets and our ability to reinvest the proceeds thereof. 
 
 The frequency at which prepayments (including voluntary prepayments by borrowers, loan buyouts and liquidations due to defaults and foreclosures) occur on mortgage loans, including those underlying MBS, is affected by a variety of factors, 
 21 

including the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, home price appreciation, prevailing level of interest rates as well as economic, demographic, tax, social, legal, and other factors. Generally, borrowers tend to prepay their mortgages when prevailing mortgage rates fall below the interest rates on their mortgage loans. When borrowers prepay their mortgage loans at rates that are faster or slower than expected, it results in prepayments that are faster or slower than expected on the mortgage loans and any related MBS. These faster or slower than expected payments may adversely affect our profitability, although the effects vary because upon prepayment we can receive 100 of the remaining UPB that we had purchased at a significant discount. 
 
 We may purchase loans that have a higher interest rate than the prevailing market interest rate. In exchange for this higher interest rate, we may pay a premium to par value to acquire the loan. In accordance with U.S. GAAP, we amortize this premium over the expected term of the security or loan based on our prepayment assumptions or its contractual terms, depending on the type of loan or security purchased. If a loan is prepaid in whole or in part at a faster than its expected rate or contractual term (as applicable), we must expense all or a part of the remaining unamortized portion of the premium that was paid at the time of the purchase, which will adversely affect our profitability. 
 
 We also may purchase securities or loans that have a lower interest rate than the prevailing market interest rate. In exchange for this lower interest rate, we may pay a discount to par value to acquire the loan. We accrete this discount over the expected term of the loan based on our prepayment assumptions or its contractual terms, depending on the type of loan or security purchased. If a loan is prepaid at a slower than expected rate, however, we must accrete the remaining portion of the discount at a slower than expected rate. This will extend the expected life of investment portfolio and result in a lower than expected yield on loans purchased at a discount to par. 
 
 Prepayment rates generally increase when interest rates fall and decrease when interest rates rise, but changes in prepayment rates are difficult to predict. Prepayments can also occur when borrowers sell the property and use the sale proceeds to prepay the mortgage as part of a physical relocation or when borrowers default on their mortgages and the mortgages are prepaid from the proceeds of a foreclosure sale of the property. The GSE guidelines for repurchasing delinquent loans from MBS trusts and changes in such guidelines also affect prepayment rates. Consequently, prepayment rates also may be affected by conditions in the housing and financial markets, which may result in increased delinquencies on mortgage loans, cost of capital, general economic conditions and the relative interest rates on fixed and adjustable rate loans, which could lead to an acceleration of the payment of the related principal. 
 
 The adverse effects of prepayments may affect us in various ways. Particular investments may underperform relative to any hedges that we may have constructed for these assets, resulting in a loss to us. Furthermore, to the extent that faster prepayment rates are due to lower interest rates, the principal payments received from prepayments will tend to be reinvested in lower-yielding assets, which may reduce our income in the long run. Therefore, if actual prepayment rates differ from anticipated prepayment rates, our business, financial condition and results of operations and ability to make distributions to our stockholders could be materially adversely affected. 
 
 Slower prepayments may result in lower yields, current period income and cash collections as payments of interest and principal may be collected over a longer time period. While total cash collection may be higher than anticipated over the life of the loan, current period operating results could be adversely impacted. 
 
 The real estate assets and real estate-related assets we invest in are subject to the risks associated with real property. 
 
 We own real estate directly as well as assets that are secured by real estate. Real estate assets are subject to various risks, including: 
 
 declines in the value of real estate, including as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic; 
 acts of nature, including earthquakes, floods and other natural disasters, which may result in uninsured losses; 
 acts of war or terrorism, including the consequences of terrorist attacks, such as those that occurred on September 11, 2001; 
 adverse changes in national and local economic and market conditions; 
 changes in governmental laws and regulations, fiscal policies and zoning ordinances and the related costs of compliance with laws and regulations, fiscal policies and ordinances; 
 costs of remediation and liabilities associated with environmental conditions such as indoor mold; and 
 the potential for uninsured or under-insured property losses. 
 
 22 

The occurrence of any of the foregoing or similar events may reduce our return from an affected property or asset and, consequently, materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and our ability to make distributions to our stockholders. 
 
 We are subject to risks of loss from weather conditions, man-made or natural disasters and climate change. 
 
 Weather conditions and man-made or natural disasters such as hurricanes, tornadoes, earthquakes, floods, droughts, fires and other environmental conditions can damage properties that we own or that collateralize our loans. If properties collateralizing our mortgage loans incur damages that reduce the value of the collateral to an amount below the UPB of our loan, borrowers may cease making payments to us on those loans, and any foreclosure efforts may recover substantially less value than the amount we are due or no value at all. Because we seek to build concentrations of mortgage loans and real properties in certain markets, we may be particularly vulnerable to the impact of a localized weather condition, man-made or natural disaster or effects of climate change. Any of these events could adversely impact the demand for, and value of, our assets and could also directly impact the value of our assets through damage, destruction or loss, and could thereafter materially impact the availability or cost of insurance to protect against these events. Although we believe the properties collateralizing our mortgage loans and our remaining owned real estate are adequately covered by insurance, we cannot predict if we or our borrowers will be able to obtain appropriate coverage at a reasonable cost in the future, or if we will be able to continue to pass along all of the costs of insurance to our tenants. Any weather conditions, man-made or natural disasters or effects of climate change, whether or not insured, could have a material adverse effect on our financial performance, the market price of our common shares and our ability to pay dividends. In addition, there is a risk that one or more of our property insurers may not be able to fulfill their obligations with respect to claims payments due to deterioration in their financial condition driven by such events. 
 
 Investments in second-lien mortgage loans could subject us to increased risk of losses. 
 
 We invest in second-lien mortgage loans or create securitizations with MBS backed by such loans. If a borrower defaults on a second lien mortgage loan or on its senior debt (i.e., a first-lien loan in the case of a residential mortgage loan), or in the event of a borrower bankruptcy, such loan will be satisfied only after all senior debt is paid in full. As a result, if we invest in second-lien mortgage loans and the borrower defaults, we may lose all or a significant part of our investment. 
 
 The allocation of capital among our mortgage loans may vary, which may adversely affect our financial performance. 
 
 In executing our business plan, we regularly consider the allocation of capital between residential mortgage loans, SBC loans and REO. The allocation of capital may vary due to market conditions, the expected relative return on equity of each, the judgment of our Manager, the demand in the marketplace for certain mortgage loans and REO and the availability of specific investment opportunities. We also consider the availability and cost of our likely sources of capital. If we fail to appropriately allocate capital and resources across mortgage loans or fail to optimize our acquisition and capital raising opportunities, our financial performance may be adversely affected. 
 
 Our use of models in connection with the valuation of our assets and determination of the timing and amount of cash flows expected to be collected subjects us to potential risks in the event that such models are incorrect, misleading or based on incomplete information. 
 
 As part of the risk management process, we use our Manager s detailed proprietary models to evaluate, depending on the asset class, house price appreciation and depreciation by county, region, prepayment speeds and foreclosure frequency, cost and timing. Models and data are used to value assets or potential assets, assess the timing and amount of cash flows expected to be collected, and may also be used in connection with any hedging of our acquisitions. Many of the models are based on historical trends. These trends may not be indicative of future results. Furthermore, the assumptions underlying the models may prove to be inaccurate, causing the models to also be incorrect. In the event models and data prove to be incorrect, misleading or incomplete, any decisions made in reliance thereon expose us to potential risks. For example, by relying on incorrect models and data, especially valuation or cash flow models, we may be induced to buy certain assets at prices that are too high, to sell certain other assets at prices that are too low, overestimate the timing or amount of cash flows expected to be collected, underestimate the timing or amount of cash flows expected to be collected, or to miss favorable opportunities altogether. Similarly, any hedging based on faulty models and data may prove to be unsuccessful. 
 
 Valuations of some of our assets will be inherently uncertain, may be based on estimates, may fluctuate over short periods of time and may differ from the values that would have been used if a ready market for these assets existed. 
 
 23 

While in some cases our determination of the fair value of our assets will be based on valuations provided by third-party dealers and pricing services, we will value most of our assets using unobservable inputs based upon our judgment, and such valuations may differ from those provided by third-party dealers and pricing services. Valuations of certain assets are often difficult to obtain or unreliable. In general, dealers and pricing services heavily disclaim their valuations. Additionally, dealers may claim to furnish valuations only as an accommodation and without special compensation, and so they may disclaim any and all liability for any direct, incidental or consequential damages arising out of any inaccuracy or incompleteness in valuations, including any act of negligence or breach of any warranty. Depending on the complexity and illiquidity of an asset, valuations of the same asset can vary substantially from one dealer or pricing service to another. The valuation process has been particularly difficult recently because market events have made valuations of certain assets unpredictable, and the disparity of valuations provided by third-party dealers has widened. 
 
 Our business, financial condition and results of operations and our ability to make distributions to our stockholders could be materially adversely affected if our fair value measurements of these assets were materially higher than the values that would exist if a ready market existed for these assets. 
 
 An increase in interest rates may cause a decrease in the amount of certain of our target assets that are available for acquisition, which could adversely affect our ability to acquire target assets that satisfy our investment objectives and to generate income and pay dividends. 
 
 Rising interest rates generally reduce the demand for mortgage loans due to the higher cost of borrowing. A reduction in the volume of mortgage loans originated may affect the amount of target assets available to us for acquisition, which could adversely affect our ability to acquire assets that satisfy our investment objectives. Rising interest rates may also cause our target assets that were issued prior to an interest rate increase to provide yields that are below prevailing market interest rates. If rising interest rates cause us to be unable to acquire a sufficient volume of our target assets with a yield that is above our borrowing cost, our ability to satisfy our investment objectives and to generate income and pay dividends may be materially and adversely affected. 
 
 An increase in interest rates may cause a decrease in the ability of our borrowers to refinance their existing mortgages, and may cause additional economic distress for borrowers with mortgages subject to changes in interest rates, causing our cash collections to decrease, and our anticipated resolution timelines to increase. 
 
 Rising interest rates may reduce the desirability of refinancing existing mortgages by increasing a borrower s monthly payments. Rising interest rates may also cause economic distress to borrowers with mortgage terms that subject them to market-based increases in interest rates. Consequently borrowers who might otherwise have refinanced their mortgages may not be able to do so on favorable terms. And borrowers with interest-rate sensitive mortgages may experience payment increases that preclude their ability to makes such payments in a timely manner, if at all. As a result, the duration of our resolution timelines may be extended, with an associated negative impact in our cash collections and/or our earnings. 
 
 The Servicer s operations are heavily regulated at the U.S. federal, state and local levels and its failure to comply with applicable regulations could materially adversely affect our expenses and results of operations, and there is no assurance that we could replace the Servicer with servicers that satisfy our requirements or with whom we could enter into agreements on satisfactory terms. 
 
 In January 2018, we acquired a 4.9 equity interest in the parent company of our Servicer which increased to 8.0 in May 2018, and we also own warrants to purchase additional equity interests. The Servicer must comply with a wide array of U.S. federal, state and local laws and regulations that regulate, among other things, the manner in which it services our mortgage loans and manages our real property in accordance with the Servicing Agreement, including CFPB mortgage servicing regulations promulgated pursuant to the Dodd-Frank Act. These laws and regulations cover a wide range of topics such as licensing; allowable fees and loan terms; permissible servicing and debt collection practices; limitations on forced-placed insurance; special consumer protections in connection with default and foreclosure; and protection of confidential, nonpublic consumer information (privacy). The volume of new or modified laws and regulations has increased in recent years, and states and individual cities and counties continue to enact laws that either restrict or impose additional obligations in connection with certain loan origination, acquisition and servicing activities in those cities and counties. The laws and regulations are complex and vary greatly among the states and localities, and in some cases, these laws are in direct conflict with each other or with U.S. federal law. In addition, these laws and regulations often contain vague standards or requirements, which make compliance efforts challenging. Material changes in these rules and regulations could increase our expenses under the Servicing Agreement. From time to time, the Servicer may be party to certain regulatory inquiries and proceedings, which, even if unrelated to the residential mortgage servicing operation, may result in adverse findings, fines, penalties or other assessments and may affect adversely its reputation. The Servicer s failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations 
 24 

could adversely affect our expenses and results of operations. If we were to determine to change servicers, there is no assurance that we could find servicers that satisfy our requirements or with whom we could enter into agreements on satisfactory terms. The Servicer s failure to comply with these laws and regulations could also indirectly result in damage to our reputation in the industry and adversely affect our ability to effect our business plan. 
 
 The failure of the Servicer to service our assets effectively would materially and adversely affect us. 
 
 We rely on the Servicer to service and manage our assets, including managing collections on our whole mortgage loans and the mortgage loans underlying our retained MBS. If the Servicer is not vigilant in encouraging borrowers to make their monthly payments, the borrowers may be far less likely to make these payments, which could result in a higher frequency of default. If the Servicer takes longer than we expect to liquidate non-performing assets, our losses may be higher than originally anticipated. We also rely on the Servicer to provide all of our property management, lease management and renovation management services associated with the real properties we acquire upon conversion of residential mortgage loans that we own or that we acquire directly. The failure of the Servicer to effectively service our mortgage loan assets, including the mortgage loans underlying any MBS we may own, REO and other real estate-related assets could negatively impact the value of our investments and our performance. 
 
 We rely on the Servicer for our loss mitigation efforts relating to mortgage loan assets, which loss mitigation efforts may be unsuccessful or not cost-effective. 
 
 We depend on a variety of services provided by the Servicer, including, among other things, to collect principal and interest payments on our whole mortgage loans as well as the mortgage loans underlying our retained MBS and to perform loss mitigation services. In addition, legislation and regulation that have been enacted or that may be enacted in order to reduce or prevent foreclosures through, among other things, loan modifications, may reduce the value of mortgage loans. Mortgage servicers may be required or incentivized by the U.S. federal government or other jurisdictions to pursue such loan modifications, as well as forbearance plans and other actions intended to prevent foreclosure, even if such loan modifications and other actions are not in the best interests of the owners of the mortgage loans. In addition to legislation and regulation that establish requirements or create financial incentives for mortgage loan servicers to modify loans and take other actions that are intended to prevent foreclosures, federal legislation has also been adopted that creates a safe harbor from liability to creditors for servicers that undertake loan modifications and other actions that are intended to prevent foreclosures. Finally, recent laws and regulations, including CFPB regulations, delay the initiation or completion of foreclosure proceedings on specified types of residential mortgage loans or otherwise limit the ability of mortgage servicers to take actions that may be essential to preserve the value of the mortgage loans underlying the MBS. Any such limitations are likely to cause delayed or reduced collections from mortgagors and generally increase servicing costs. As a result of these legislative and regulatory actions, the Servicer may not perform in our best interests or up to our expectations, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and our ability to make distributions to our stockholders. Furthermore, the lack of government assistance and relief made available to mortgage servicers as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic may materially and adversely impact the Servicer. 
 
 Certain mortgage loans our Servicer services are higher risk loans, which are more expensive to service than conventional mortgage loans. 
 
 Certain mortgage loans our Servicer services are higher risk loans, meaning that the loans are made to less credit worthy borrowers or for properties the value of which has decreased. These loans are more expensive to service because they require more frequent interaction with customers and greater monitoring and oversight. Additionally, in connection with mortgage market reforms and recent and possible future regulatory developments, servicers of higher risk loans are subject to increased scrutiny by state and federal regulators and experience higher compliance costs, which could result in a further increase in servicing costs. Our Servicer may not be able to pass along any of the additional expenses it incurs in servicing higher risk loans to its servicing clients. The greater cost of servicing higher risk loans, which may be further increased through regulatory changes, consent decrees or enforcement, could adversely affect ours and our Servicer s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic may adversely affect our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. 
 
 While lock downs and restrictions from the pandemic have ended, the effects of the pandemic on inflation and resulting increase in interest rates have contributed to a substantial dislocation in the credit markets. A return to any COVID-19 pandemic restriction, due to one of its variants, or another highly infectious or contagious disease, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity, and results of operations. The extent of such effects will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including the geographic spread of the virus, the overall 
 25 

severity of the disease, the duration of the outbreak, the measures that have been or may be taken by various governmental authorities in response to the outbreak (such as quarantines, travel restrictions and mandated forbearance measures on mortgage collections) and the possible further impacts on the global economy. Additionally, governments have adopted, and we expect will continue to adopt, policies, laws and plans intended to address the COVID-19 pandemic and adverse developments in the credit, financial and mortgage markets. We cannot know if these programs will be effective, sufficient or otherwise may have a positive material and adverse impact on our business. 
 
 We may be affected by deficiencies in foreclosure practices of third parties, as well as related delays in the foreclosure process as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 
 As a reaction to the COVID-19 pandemic, the U.S. federal government has instituted and may continue to institute programs aimed at assisting at-risk homeowners, or reducing the number of properties going into foreclosure or going into non-performing status. As a result, there is significant uncertainty regarding the timing and ability of servicers to remove delinquent borrowers from their homes, so that they can liquidate the underlying properties and ultimately pass the liquidation proceeds through to owners of the mortgage loans or related MBS. In addition, given the magnitude of the housing crisis, and in response to the well-publicized failures of many servicers to follow proper foreclosure procedures (such as robo-signing ), mortgage servicers are being held to much higher foreclosure-related documentation standards than they previously were. However, because many mortgages have been transferred and assigned multiple times (and by means of varying assignment procedures) throughout the origination, warehouse and securitization processes, mortgage servicers may have difficulty furnishing the requisite documentation to initiate or complete foreclosures. This leads to stalled or suspended foreclosure proceedings, and ultimately additional foreclosure-related costs. Foreclosure-related delays also tend to increase ultimate loan loss severities as a result of property deterioration, amplified legal and other costs, and other factors. Many factors delaying foreclosure, such as borrower lawsuits, judicial backlog and scrutiny, and government-mandated foreclosure moratoria as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, are outside of servicers control and have delayed, and will likely continue to delay, foreclosure processing in both judicial states (where foreclosures require court involvement) and non-judicial states. The Servicer s failure or inability to remove delinquent borrowers from their homes in a timely manner could increase our costs, adversely affect the value of the property and mortgage loans and have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and business. 
 
 Changes in applicable laws or noncompliance with applicable law could materially and adversely affect us. 
 
 As an owner of real estate, we are required to comply with numerous U.S. federal, state and local laws and regulations, some of which may conflict with one another or be subject to limited judicial or regulatory interpretations. These laws and regulations may include zoning laws, building codes, landlord-tenant laws and other laws generally applicable to business operations. Noncompliance with laws or regulations could expose us to liability. 
 
 Lower revenue growth or significant unanticipated expenditures may result from our need to comply with changes in (i) laws imposing remediation requirements and potential liability for environmental conditions existing on properties or the restrictions on discharges or other conditions, (ii) rent control or rent stabilization laws or other residential landlord-tenant laws or (iii) other governmental rules and regulations or enforcement policies affecting the rehabilitation, use and operation of any single-family rental properties we may own, including changes to building codes and fire and life-safety codes. 
 
 Our decision whether to rent or sell any REO we acquire upon conversion of NPLs or acquire directly will depend on conditions in the relevant geographic markets, and if our assumptions about rental rates and occupancy levels in our markets are not accurate, our operating results and cash available for distribution could be adversely affected. 
 
 We either sell or rent the real property, either single-family residences or smaller commercial properties, that we acquire upon conversion of non-performing mortgage loans or directly. The success of our business model substantially depends on conditions in the applicable sales or rental markets in the relevant geographic markets, including, among other things, occupancy and rent levels. If those assumptions prove to be inaccurate, our operating results and cash available for distribution could be lower than expected, potentially materially. 
 
 Rental rates and occupancy levels for single-family residential properties have benefited in recent periods from macroeconomic trends affecting the U.S. economy and residential real estate and mortgage markets in particular, including: 
 
 increases in housing costs which make the traditional concept of home ownership, especially for younger workers, more difficult; 
 a tightening of credit that has made it more difficult to finance a home purchase, combined with efforts by consumers generally to reduce their exposure to credit; 
 economic and employment conditions that have increased foreclosure rates; and 
 26 

a concentration of high-paying employment opportunities in certain large metropolitan areas currently experiencing significant HPA is pricing homes beyond the reach of many buyers, and also forcing reductions in HPA in outlying areas. 
 
 The single-family rental market is currently significantly larger than in historical periods. We do not expect the favorable trends in the single-family rental market to continue indefinitely. The strengthening of the U.S. economy and job growth, the current availability of low residential mortgage rates and government-sponsored programs promoting home ownership, may contribute to a stabilization or reversal of the current trend that favors renting rather than homeownership. In addition, we expect that as investors increasingly seek to capitalize on opportunities to purchase undervalued housing properties and convert them to productive uses, the supply of single-family rental properties will decrease and the competition for tenants will intensify. To the extent that a significant portion of our business becomes single-family rentals, a softening of the rental property market in our markets could adversely affect our operating results and cash available for distribution, potentially materially. 
 
 We may incur significant costs in restoring our properties, and we may underestimate the costs or amount of time necessary to complete restorations. 
 
 Before determining whether to rent or sell any of our properties, the Servicer will perform a detailed assessment, including on-site reviews of such properties, to identify the scope of restoration to be completed. Beyond customary repairs, we may undertake improvements designed to optimize overall property appeal and increase the value and rentability of the property when such improvements can be done cost effectively. To the extent properties are occupied, restorations may be postponed until the premises are vacated. We expect that nearly all of our properties will require some level of restoration immediately upon their acquisition or in the future following expiration of a lease or otherwise. We may acquire properties that we plan to restore extensively. In addition, in order to reposition properties in the rental market, we will be required to make ongoing capital improvements and may need to perform significant restorations and repairs from time to time. Consequently, we are exposed to the risks inherent in property restoration, including potential cost overruns, increases in labor and material costs, delays by contractors in completing work, delays in the timing of receiving necessary work permits and certificates of occupancy and poor workmanship. If our assumptions regarding the cost or timing of restorations across our properties prove to be materially inaccurate, we could be materially and adversely affected. 
 
 Contingent or unknown liabilities could materially and adversely affect us. 
 
 Our acquisition activities are subject to many risks. We may acquire properties that are subject to unknown or contingent liabilities, including liabilities for or with respect to liens attached to properties, unpaid real estate taxes, utilities or other charges for which a prior owner remains liable, clean-up or remediation of environmental conditions or code violations, claims of vendors or other persons dealing with the acquired properties and tax liabilities, among other things. In each case, our acquisition may be without any, or with only limited, recourse with respect to unknown or contingent liabilities or conditions. As a result, if any such liability were to arise relating to our properties, or if any adverse condition exists with respect to our properties that is in excess of our insurance coverage, we might have to pay substantial sums to settle or cure it, which could materially and adversely affect us. The properties we acquire may also be subject to covenants, conditions or restrictions that restrict the use or ownership of such properties, including zoning laws and regulations and prohibitions on leasing or on tenant evictions, or requirements to obtain the approval of home owner associations prior to leasing. We may not discover such restrictions during the acquisition process and such restrictions may adversely affect our ability to operate such properties as we intend. 
 
 Poor tenant selection and defaults by our tenants may materially and adversely affect us. 
 
 Our success with any REO that we may seek to rent will depend, in large part, upon our Servicer s ability to attract and retain qualified tenants for our properties, whether residential or commercial. This will depend, in turn, upon our ability to screen applicants, identify good tenants and avoid tenants who may default. We will inevitably make mistakes in our selection of tenants, and we may rent to tenants whose default on our leases or failure to comply with the terms of the lease or other regulations could materially and adversely affect us and the quality and value of our properties. For example, tenants may default on payment of rent, make unreasonable and repeated demands for service or improvements, make unsupported or unjustified complaints to regulatory or political authorities, make use of our properties for illegal purposes, damage or make unauthorized structural changes to our properties that may not be fully covered by security deposits, refuse to leave the property when the lease is terminated, engage in domestic violence or similar disturbances, disturb nearby residents with noise, trash, odors or eyesores, fail to comply with applicable regulations, sub-let to less desirable individuals in violation of our leases or permit unauthorized persons to occupy the property. 
 
 27 

In addition, defaulting tenants will often be effectively judgment-proof. The process of evicting a defaulting tenant from a family residence can be adversarial, protracted and costly. Furthermore, some tenants facing eviction may damage or destroy the property. Damage to our properties may significantly delay re-leasing after eviction, necessitate expensive repairs or impair the rental revenue or value of the property. In addition, we will incur turnover costs associated with re-leasing the properties, such as marketing expense and brokerage commissions, and will not collect revenue while the property is vacant. Although we will attempt to work with tenants to prevent such damage or destruction, there can be no assurance that we will be successful in all or most cases. Such tenants will not only cause us not to achieve our financial objectives for the properties in which they live, but may subject us to liability, and may damage our reputation with our other tenants and in the communities where we do business. 
 
 A significant uninsured property or liability loss could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 
 We carry commercial general liability insurance and property insurance with respect to our rental properties on terms we consider commercially reasonable. There are, however, certain types of losses (such as losses arising from acts of war) that are not insured, in full or in part, because they are either uninsurable or the cost of insurance makes it economically impractical. If an uninsured property loss or a property loss in excess of insured limits were to occur, we could lose our capital invested in a single-family rental property or group of rental properties as well as the anticipated future revenues from such single-family rental property or group of properties. If an uninsured liability to a third party were to occur, we would incur the cost of defense and settlement with or court ordered damages to that third party. A significant uninsured property or liability loss could materially and adversely affect us. 
 
 We may be required to make determinations of a borrower s creditworthiness based on incomplete information or information that we cannot verify, which may cause us to purchase or originate loans that we otherwise would not have purchased or originated and, as a result, may negatively impact our business or reputation. 
 
 The commercial real estate lending business depends on the creditworthiness of borrowers, which we must judge. In making such judgment, we may depend on information obtained from non-public sources and the borrowers in making acquisition decisions and such information may be difficult to obtain or may be inaccurate. As a result, we may be required to make decisions based on incomplete information or information that is impossible or impracticable to verify. A determination as to the creditworthiness of a prospective borrower is based on a wide range of information including, without limitation, information relating to the form of entity of the prospective borrower, which may indicate whether the borrower can limit the impact that its other activities have on its ability to pay obligations related to the SBC loan. 
 
 We may change our investment strategy, investment guidelines and asset allocation without notice or stockholder consent which may result in riskier investments. In addition, our charter provides that our Board of Directors may authorize us to revoke or otherwise terminate our REIT election without the approval of our stockholders. 
 
 Our Board of Directors has the authority to change our investment strategy or asset allocation at any time without notice to or consent from our stockholders. To the extent that our investment strategy changes in the future, we may make investments that are different from, and possibly riskier than, the investments described in this Annual Report. A change in our investment or leverage strategy may increase our exposure to interest rate and real estate market fluctuations or require us to sell a portion of our existing investments, which could result in gains or losses and therefore increase our earnings volatility. Decisions to employ additional leverage in executing our investment strategies could increase the risk inherent in our asset acquisition strategy. Furthermore, a change in our asset allocation could result in our allocating assets in a different manner than as described in this Annual Report. 
 
 In addition, our charter provides that our Board of Directors may authorize us to revoke or otherwise terminate our REIT election, without the approval of our stockholders, if it determines that it is no longer in our best interests to qualify as a REIT. These changes could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, the market value of our common stock, and our ability to make distributions to our stockholders. 
 
 Our inability to compete effectively in a highly competitive market could adversely affect our ability to implement our business strategy, which could materially and adversely affect us. 
 
 Our profitability depends, in large part, on our ability to acquire targeted assets at favorable prices. We face significant competition when acquiring RPLs and SBC loans and our other targeted assets. Our competitors include other mortgage REITs, financial companies, public and private funds, hedge funds, commercial and investment banks and residential and commercial finance companies. Many of our competitors are substantially larger and have considerably greater access to capital and other resources than we do. Furthermore, new companies with significant amounts of capital have recently been formed or have 
 28 

raised additional capital, and may continue to be formed and raise additional capital in the future, and these companies may have objectives that overlap with ours, which may create competition for assets we wish to acquire. Some competitors may have a lower cost of funds and access to funding sources that are not available to us. In addition, some of our competitors may have higher risk tolerances or different risk assessments, which could allow them to consider a wider variety of assets to acquire and establish more relationships than us. We also may have different operating constraints from those of our competitors including, among others, tax-driven constraints such as those arising from our intention to qualify and maintain our qualification as a REIT and restraints imposed on us by our attempt to comply with certain exclusions from the definition of an investment company or other exemptions under the Investment Company Act. Furthermore, competition for assets in our targeted asset classes may lead to the price of such assets increasing, may reduce the number of attractive RPL and SBC loan investment opportunities available to us or increase the bargaining power of asset owners seeking to sell, which would increase the prices for these assets. If such events occur, our ability to implement our business strategy could be adversely affected, which could materially and adversely affect us. We cannot assure you that the competitive pressures we face will not have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Our ability to make distributions to our stockholders depends on our operating results, our financial condition and other factors, and we may not be able to make regular cash distributions at a fixed rate or at all under certain circumstances. 
 
 We make distributions to our stockholders in amounts such that we distribute substantially all of our taxable income in each year (subject to certain adjustments). This distribution policy enables us to avoid being subject to U.S. federal income tax on our taxable income that we distribute to our stockholders. However, our ability to make distributions depends on our results of operations, which may experience uneven cash flow because we hold RPLs and NPLs, our earnings, applicable law, our financial condition and such other factors as our Board of Directors may deem relevant from time to time. We will declare and make distributions to our stockholders only to the extent approved by our Board of Directors. 
 
 We are highly dependent on communications and information systems operated by third parties, and systems failures could significantly disrupt our business and negatively impact our operating results. 
 
 Our business is highly dependent on communications and information systems that allow us to monitor, value, buy, sell, finance and hedge our investments. These systems are operated by third parties, including our affiliates, and, as a result, we have limited ability to ensure continued operation. In the event of systems failure or interruption, we will have limited ability to affect the timing and success of systems restoration. Any failure or interruption of our systems could cause delays or other problems in our securities trading activities which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations and our ability to pay distributions to our stockholders. 
 
 Security breaches and other disruptions could compromise our information and expose us to liability, which would cause our business and reputation to suffer. 
 
 In the ordinary course of our business, we, through the Servicer, may acquire and store sensitive data on our network, such as our proprietary business information and personally identifiable information of borrowers obligated on loans and our prospective and current mortgages and tenants. The secure processing and maintenance of this information is critical to our business strategy. Despite our security measures, our information technology and infrastructure may be vulnerable to attacks by hackers or breached due to employee error, malfeasance or other disruptions. Any such breach could compromise our networks and the information stored there could be accessed, publicly disclosed, lost or stolen. Any such access, disclosure or other loss of information could result in legal claims or proceedings, liability under laws that protect the privacy of personal information, regulatory penalties, disruption to our operations and the services we provide to customers or damage our reputation, which could materially and adversely affect us. 
 
 The replacement of LIBOR with the Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR") may adversely affect our business and financial results. 
 
 On July 27, 2017, and in a subsequent speech by its chief executive on July 12, 2018, the U.K. Financial Conduct Authority (the FCA ), which regulates LIBOR, confirmed that it will no longer persuade or compel banks to submit rates for the calculation of the LIBOR benchmark after 2021. One-week and two-month U.S. dollar LIBOR USD LIBOR tenors ceased publication on December 31, 2021. The remaining USD LIBOR tenors, including 3-month USD LIBOR, will cease publication after June 30, 2023. Under the Adjustable Interest Rate (LIBOR) Act AIRLA and Part 253 of Regulation ZZ (Rule 253), after June 30, 2023, certain LIBOR contracts will, by operation of law, change their base rate from USD LIBOR to CME Term SOFR of the same tenor, plus an applicable tenor spread adjustment. CME Term SOFR is an indicative, 
 29 

forward-looking measurement of the daily overnight secured overnight financing rate (SOFR). CME Term SOFR is published by CME Group Inc., as administrator of that rate. 
 
 The composition and characteristics of CME Term SOFR are not the same as those of USD LIBOR. CME Term SOFR is derived from daily SOFR, which is a broad U.S. Treasury repo financing rate that represents overnight secured funding transactions. USD LIBOR is an unsecured rate. As a result, there can be no assurance that CME Term SOFR, together with the applicable statutory tenor spread adjustment, will perform in the same way as USD LIBOR would have at any time, including, without limitation, as a result of changes in interest and yield rates in the market, market volatility or global or regional economic, financial, political, regulatory, judicial or other events. 
 
 Market participants are still considering how various types of financial instruments and securitization vehicles that are not LIBOR contracts subject to AIRLA and Rule 253 should be modified following a discontinuation of USD LIBOR. It is possible that not all of our assets and liabilities will transition away from USD LIBOR at the same time, and it is possible that not all of our assets and liabilities will transition to the same alternative reference rate. No assurance can be provided that these uncertainties or their resolution will not adversely affect the use, level, and volatility of SOFR, USD LIBOR or other interest rates or the value of SOFR-based or USD LIBOR-based securities, including our mortgage loans. These uncertainties or their resolution also could negatively impact our loan and other asset values, interest income, funding costs, asset-liability management strategies, and other aspects of our business and financial results. 
 
 We cannot predict the impact future actions by the Federal Reserve will have on our business, and any such actions may negatively impact us. 
 
 Over the past year, the Federal Reserve has substantially tightened monetary policy to combat the sharp increase in U.S. inflation. The Federal Reserve has increased its federal funds rate target from 0.0 0.25 to the current target of 4.25 - 4.50 . It also stopped its purchases of Treasury and agency securities in March 2022 and then in June 2022, according to its previously announced plan, began reducing the size of its balance sheet by no longer reinvesting proceeds of up to 60 billion (initially 30 billion) of maturing Treasury securities and up to 35 billion (initially 17.5 billion) in maturing agency debt and mortgage-backed securities per month. 
 
 The Federal Reserve s termination of its COVID-19 pandemic emergency actions and shift to tighten monetary policy has resulted in higher interest rates, including for Agency RMBS. These actions may decrease spreads on interest rates, reducing our net interest income. They may also negatively impact our results as we have certain assets and liabilities that are sensitive to changes in interest rates. In addition, increases in interest rates may result in lower refinancing activity and therefore decreased the rate of prepayment on loans underlying our assets. 
 
 The Federal Reserve is expected to continue to increase the federal funds rate target and continue reducing its balance sheet. We cannot predict when the Federal Reserve will cease its tightening of monetary policy or move to reduce the federal funds rate target. Further, we cannot predict or control the impact future actions by the Federal Reserve will have on our business. Accordingly, future actions by the Federal Reserve could have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations and our ability to pay distributions to our stockholders. 

Risks Related to Leverage and Hedging 
 
 We use leverage in executing our business strategy, which may adversely affect the return on our assets and may reduce cash available for distribution to our stockholders and increase losses when economic conditions are unfavorable. 
 
 We use leverage to finance our investment operations and to enhance our financial returns and potentially to pay dividends. Sources of leverage may include bank credit facilities, warehouse lines of credit, structured financing arrangements (including securitizations) and repurchase agreements, among others. We may also seek to raise additional capital through public or private offerings of debt or equity securities, depending upon market conditions. We may use repurchase agreements to acquire certain assets, including our internally developed MBS, until we can securitize the assets. Because repurchase agreements are short-term borrowing, typically with 30- to 90-day terms (although some may have terms up to 364 days), they are more subject to volatility in interest rates and lenders willingness to extend such borrowings. We currently do not expect a majority of our borrowings to be repurchase agreements or other short-term borrowings. Through the use of leverage, we may acquire positions with market exposure significantly greater than the amount of capital committed to the transaction. We intend to use leverage for the primary purpose of financing acquisitions for our portfolio and not for the purpose of speculating on changes in interest rates. We do not have a targeted debt-to-equity ratio generally or for specific asset classes. We may, however, be limited or restricted in the amount of leverage we may employ by the terms and provisions of any financing or other agreements that we may enter into in the future, and we may be subject to margin calls as a result of our financing 
 30 

activity. Our ability to achieve our investment and leverage objectives depends on our ability to borrow money in sufficient amounts and on favorable terms and, as necessary, to renew or replace borrowings as they mature. 
 
 Leverage magnifies both the gains and the losses of our positions. Leverage increases our returns as long as we earn a greater return on investments purchased with borrowed funds than our cost of borrowing such funds. However, if we use leverage to acquire an asset and the value of the asset decreases, the leverage increases our losses. Even if the asset increases in value, if the asset fails to earn a return that equals or exceeds our cost of borrowing, the leverage decreases our returns. 
 
 We may be required to post large amounts of cash as collateral or margin to secure our repurchase commitments. In the event of a sudden, precipitous drop in value of our financed assets, we might not be able to liquidate assets quickly enough to repay our borrowings, further magnifying losses. Even a small decrease in the value of a leveraged asset may require us to post additional margin or cash collateral. This may decrease the cash available to us for distributions to stockholders, which could adversely affect the price of our common stock. In addition, our debt service payments reduce cash flow available for distribution to stockholders. We may not be able to meet our debt service obligations. To the extent that we cannot meet our debt service obligations, we risk the loss of some or all of our assets to sale to satisfy our debt obligations. 
 
 To the extent we are compelled to liquidate qualifying real estate assets to repay debts, our compliance with the REIT rules regarding our assets and our sources of income could be negatively affected, which could jeopardize our ability to qualify and maintain our qualification as a REIT. Failing to qualify as a REIT would cause us to be subject to U.S. federal income tax (and any applicable state and local taxes) on all of our income and decrease profitability and cash available for distributions to stockholders. 
 
 We may not be able to achieve our optimal leverage or target leverage ratios. 
 
 We use leverage as a strategy to increase the return to our investors. However, we may not be able to achieve our desired leverage for any of the following reasons: 
 
 we determine that the leverage would expose us to excessive risk; 
 our lenders do not make funding available to us at acceptable rates or on acceptable terms; and 
 our lenders require that we provide additional collateral to cover our borrowings which may be the case in volatile markets. 
 
 In addition, if we exceed our target leverage ratios, the potential adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operation described above may be amplified. 
 
 Non-recourse long-term financing structures such as securitizations expose us to risks that could result in losses to us. 
 
 We have used and intend to continue to use securitization and other non-recourse long-term financing for our investments if, and to the extent, available. In such structures, lenders typically have only a claim against the assets included in the securitizations rather than a general claim against the owner-entity. Prior to each such financing, we may seek to finance our investments with relatively short-term facilities until a sufficient portfolio is accumulated. As a result, we would be subject to the risk that we would not be able to acquire, during the period that any short-term facilities are available, sufficient eligible assets or securities to maximize the efficiency of a securitization. 
 
 We also bear the risk that we may not be able to obtain new short-term facilities or may not be able to renew any short-term facilities after they expire should we need more time to seek and acquire sufficient eligible assets or securities for a securitization. In addition, conditions in the capital markets may make the issuance of any such securitization less attractive to us even when we do have sufficient eligible assets or securities. While we retain and expect to retain the unrated equity component of securitizations and, therefore, still have exposure to any investments included in such securitizations, our inability to enter into such securitizations may increase our overall exposure to risks associated with direct ownership of such investments, including the risk of default. Additionally, the securitization of our portfolio could magnify our exposure to losses because any equity interest we retain in the issuing entity would be subordinate to the notes issued to investors and we would, therefore, absorb all of the losses sustained with respect to a securitized pool of assets before the owners of the notes experience any losses. An inability to securitize our portfolio may adversely affect our performance and our ability to grow our business. 
 
 Our inability to refinance any short-term facilities would also increase our risk because borrowings thereunder would likely be recourse to us as an entity. If we are unable to obtain and renew short-term facilities or to consummate securitizations to finance our investments on a long-term basis, we may be required to seek other forms of potentially less attractive financing or to liquidate assets at an inopportune time or price. 
 31 

Additionally, our secured debt is structured with multiple interest rate step-ups generally beginning after an initial three-year borrowing term. While we fully intend to refinance these borrowings at lower interest rates before the step-up date is reached, we cannot guarantee that we will be able to refinance these borrowings on favorable terms, or at all, potentially exposing us to higher amounts of interest expense. 
 
 Our failure to comply with covenants contained in any debt agreement, including as a result of events beyond our control, could result in an event of default that could materially and adversely affect our operating results and our financial condition. 
 
 We may enter into debt facilities that will require us to comply with various operational, reporting and other covenants that limit us from engaging in certain types of transactions. If there were an event of default under our debt facilities that was not cured or waived, the holders of the defaulted debt could cause all amounts outstanding with respect to that debt to be immediately due and payable. We cannot assure you that our assets or cash flow would be sufficient to fully repay borrowings under our outstanding debt instruments, either upon maturity or if accelerated, upon an event of default, or that we would be able to refinance or restructure the payments on those debt instruments. 
 
 Hedging against interest rate changes and other risks may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and our ability to make distributions to our stockholders. 
 
 Subject to qualifying and maintaining our qualification as a REIT and exemption from registration under the Investment Company Act, we may pursue various hedging strategies to seek to reduce our exposure to adverse changes in interest rates. Our hedging activity would vary in scope based on the level and volatility of interest rates, the types of liabilities and assets held and other changing market conditions. Interest rate hedging may fail to protect or could adversely affect us because, among other things: 
 
 interest rate hedging can be expensive, particularly during periods of rising and volatile interest rates; 
 available interest rate hedges may not correspond directly with the interest rate risk for which protection is sought; 
 the duration of the hedge may not match the duration of the related assets or liabilities being hedged; 
 to the extent hedging transactions do not satisfy certain provisions of the Code or are not made through a TRS, the amount of income that a REIT may earn from hedging transactions to offset interest rate losses is limited by the Code provisions governing REITs; 
 the value of derivatives used for hedging is adjusted from time to time in accordance with accounting rules to reflect changes in fair value; and downward adjustments, or mark to market losses, would reduce our stockholders equity; 
 the credit quality of the hedging counterparty owing money on the hedge may be downgraded to such an extent that it impairs our ability to sell or assign our side of the hedging transaction; and 
 the hedging counterparty owing money in the hedging transaction may default on its obligation to pay. 
 
 Our hedging transactions, which would be intended to limit losses, may actually adversely affect our earnings, which could reduce our cash available for distribution to our stockholders. 

Risks Related to Regulatory and Legislative Actions 
 
 We operate in a highly regulated industry and continually changing U.S. federal, state and local laws and regulation could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and our ability to pay dividends to our stockholders. 
 
 The residential mortgage industry is highly regulated. We and our Manager are required to comply with a wide array of U.S. federal, state and local laws and regulations that regulate, among other things, the manner in which each of us conducts our businesses. These regulations directly impact our business and require constant compliance, monitoring and internal and external audits. A material failure to comply with any of these laws or regulations could subject us and our Manager to lawsuits or governmental actions and damage our reputation, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 U.S. federal, state and local governments frequently propose or enact new laws, regulations and rules related to mortgage loans, including servicing and collection of mortgage loans. Laws, regulations, rules and judicial and administrative decisions relating to mortgage loans include those pertaining to Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act RESPA ), equal credit opportunity, fair lending, fair credit reporting, truth in lending, fair debt collection practices, service members protections, compliance with net worth and financial statement delivery requirements, compliance with U.S. federal and state disclosure and 
 32 

licensing requirements, the establishment of maximum interest rates, finance charges and other charges, qualified mortgages, secured transactions, payment processing, escrow, loss mitigation, collection, foreclosure, repossession and claims-handling procedures, and other trade practices and privacy regulations providing for the use and safeguarding of non-public personal financial information of borrowers. Our service providers, including the Servicer and outside foreclosure counsel retained to process foreclosures, must also comply with many of these legal requirements. 
 
 In particular, the Dodd-Frank Act resulted in a comprehensive overhaul of the financial services industry in the United States and includes, among other things (i) the creation of a Financial Stability Oversight Council to identify emerging systemic risks posed by financial firms, activities and practices, and to improve cooperation among U.S. federal agencies, (ii) the creation of the CFPB, authorized to promulgate and enforce consumer protection regulations relating to financial products and services, including mortgage lending and servicing, and to exercise supervisory authority over participants in mortgage lending and mortgage servicing, (iii) the establishment of strengthened capital and prudential standards for banks and bank holding companies, (iv) enhanced regulation of financial markets, including the derivatives and securitization markets, and (v) amendments to the TILA, and the RESPA, aimed at improving consumer protections with respect to mortgage originations and mortgage servicing, including disclosures, originator compensation, minimum repayment standards, prepayment considerations, appraisals and loss mitigation and other servicing requirements. Unpredictable events, such as the recent COVID-19 pandemic, may create economic shocks, to which federal, state, and local governments respond with new borrower and tenant rights and protections. Certain federal and state regulators continue to consider proposals to apply regulatory prudential standards to nonbank servicers, which may impact how our service providers, including the Servicer, are regulated. In addition, the current presidential administration may focus supervision and enforcement tools more aggressively on residential mortgage lenders and servicers, which could result in increased regulatory scrutiny and potentially increased penalties assessed for determinations of non-compliance with applicable requirements. 
 
 In addition, although we do not intend to acquire MBS in which the underlying mortgage loans are guaranteed or insured by any GSE or U.S. governmental agency, actions taken by or proposed to be taken by, among others, FHFA, the U.S. Treasury, the Federal Reserve Board or other U.S. governmental agencies that are intended to regulate the origination, underwriting guidelines, servicing guidelines, servicing compensation and other aspects of mortgage loans guaranteed by the GSEs or U.S. governmental agencies (known as Agency RMBS can have indirect and sometimes direct effects on our business and business model, results of operations and liquidity. For example, loan originators and servicers, investors and other participants in the mortgage securities markets may use regulatory guidelines intended for Agency RMBS as guidelines or operating procedures in respect of non-Agency RMBS. In addition, changes in underwriting guidelines for Agency RMBS generally affect the supply of similar or complementary non-Agency RMBS. 
 
 Our Manager s or our Servicer s failure to comply with these laws, regulations and rules may result in reduced payments by borrowers, modification of the original terms of mortgage loans, permanent forgiveness of debt, restrictions on tenant evictions, delays in the foreclosure process, increased servicing advances, litigation, enforcement actions, and repurchase and indemnification obligations. 
 
 We expect that legislative and regulatory changes will continue in the foreseeable future, which may increase our operating expenses, either to comply with applicable law, to deal with regulatory examinations or investigations, or to satisfy our lenders and investors that we are in compliance with those laws, regulations and rules that are applicable to our business. Any of these new, or changes in, laws, regulations or rules could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 We may be unable to operate within the parameters that allow us to be excluded from regulation as a commodity pool operator, which would subject us to additional regulation and compliance requirements, and could materially adversely affect our business and financial condition. 
 
 The Dodd-Frank Act established a comprehensive new regulatory framework for derivative contracts commonly referred to as swaps. Under the Dodd-Frank Act, any investment fund that trades in swaps may be considered a commodity pool, which would cause its operators to be regulated as a commodity pool operator, or CPO. In December 2012, the Commodity Futures Trading Commission issued the No-Action Letter, giving relief to operators of mortgage REITs from the requirement to register as a CPO. In order to qualify, we must, among other non-operation requirements: (1) limit our initial margin and premiums required to establish our swap or futures positions to no more than 5 of the fair market value of our total assets; and (2) limit our net income derived annually from our swaps and futures positions that are not qualifying hedging transactions to less than 5 of our gross income. The need to operate within these parameters could limit the use of swaps by us below the level that we would otherwise consider optimal or may lead to the registration of our company or our directors as commodity pool operators, which will subject us to additional regulatory oversight, compliance and costs. 
 
 33 

Certain jurisdictions require licenses to purchase, hold, enforce or sell residential mortgage loans. In the event that any such licensing requirement is applicable and we are not able to obtain such licenses in a timely manner or at all, our ability to implement our business strategy could be adversely affected, which could materially and adversely affect us. 
 
 Certain jurisdictions require a license to purchase, hold, enforce or sell residential mortgage loans. We currently do not hold any such licenses, and there is no assurance that we will be able to obtain them or, if obtained, that we will be able to maintain them. In connection with these licenses we would be required to comply with various information reporting and other regulatory requirements to maintain those licenses, and there is no assurance that we will be able to satisfy those requirements on an ongoing basis. Our failure to obtain or maintain such licenses or our inability to enter into another regulatory-compliant structure, such as establishing a trust with a federally chartered bank as trustee to purchase and hold the residential mortgage loans, could restrict our ability to invest in loans in these jurisdictions if such licensing requirements are applicable. In lieu of obtaining such licenses, we may contribute our acquired RPLs to one or more wholly owned trusts whose trustee is a national bank, which may be exempt from state licensing requirements, or the seller of such loans may continue to hold the loans on our behalf until we obtain the applicable state license. If required, we will form one or more subsidiaries that will apply for necessary state licenses. If these subsidiaries obtain the required licenses, any trust holding loans in the applicable jurisdictions may transfer such loans to such subsidiaries, resulting in these loans being held by a state-licensed entity. There can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain the requisite licenses in a timely manner or at all or in all necessary jurisdictions, or that the use of the trusts will reduce the requirement for licensing, any of which could limit our ability to invest in residential mortgage loans. Our failure to obtain and maintain required licenses may expose us to penalties or other claims and may affect our ability to acquire an adequate and desirable supply of mortgage loans to conduct our securitization program and, as a result, could harm our business. 
 
 We could be subject to liability for potential violations of predatory lending laws, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and our ability to make distributions to our stockholders. 
 
 Residential mortgage loan originators and servicers are required to comply with various U.S. federal, state and local laws and regulations, including anti-predatory lending laws and laws and regulations imposing certain restrictions on requirements on high cost loans. Failure of our Manager or service providers to comply with these laws could subject us, as an assignee or purchaser of the related residential mortgage loans, to monetary penalties and could result in impairment in the ability to foreclose such loans or the borrowers rescinding the affected residential mortgage loans. Lawsuits have been brought in various states making claims against assignees or purchasers of high cost loans for violations of state law. Named defendants in these cases have included numerous participants within the secondary mortgage market. If the loans are found to have been originated in violation of predatory or abusive lending laws, we could incur losses, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and our ability to make distributions to our stockholders. 
 
 Changes to U.S. federal income tax laws could materially and adversely affect us and our stockholders. 
 
 The present U.S. federal income tax treatment of REITs and their shareholders may be modified, possibly with retroactive effect, by legislative, judicial or administrative action at any time, which could affect the U.S. federal income tax treatment of an investment in our shares. The U.S. federal income tax rules, including those dealing with REITs, are constantly under review by persons involved in the legislative process, the IRS and the U.S. Treasury Department, which results in statutory changes as well as frequent revisions to regulations and interpretations. 

Risks Related to Our Management and Our Relationship with Our Manager, the Servicer and Aspen 
 
 We have conflicts of interest with our Manager, the Servicer and Aspen, and certain members of our Board of Directors, as well as our management team, have, or could have in the future, conflicts of interest due to their respective relationships with these entities, and such conflicts could be resolved in a manner adverse to us. 
 
 Conflicts between us and our Manager. Our Manager manages our business, investment activities and affairs pursuant to the Management Agreement. This agreement was not negotiated at arm s length and, accordingly, could contain terms, including the basis of calculation of the amount of the fees payable to our Manager, that are less favorable to us than similar agreements negotiated with unaffiliated third parties. Furthermore, the calculation of our Manager s incentive fee is based on, among other measures, the dividends declared by our Board of Directors. In evaluating investments and other management strategies, the opportunity to earn incentive compensation may lead our Manager to place undue emphasis on the maximization of dividends at the expense of other criteria, such as preservation of capital, in order to achieve higher incentive compensation. Investments with higher yield potential are generally riskier or more speculative. This could result in increased risk to the value of our investment portfolio. 
 
 34 

As an externally managed REIT, we are entirely managed by our Manager, which negotiates all our agreements and deals with all our contractual counterparties on our behalf. For example, our Manager acts for us in connection with the Servicing Agreement, including monitoring the performance of our Servicer under the agreement and exercising any available rights or remedies on our behalf. Our Manager and our Servicer are affiliates. Each of our officers is an officer of our Manager or the Servicer. 
 
 Conflicts between us and the Servicer. The Servicing Agreement was also not negotiated at arm s length and could contain terms that are less favorable to us than similar agreements negotiated with unaffiliated third parties. In addition, the Servicer is generally not prohibited from providing similar services to other owners of mortgage loans and real estate assets, including other affiliates of Aspen. 
 
 Particular risks associated with our license for the name Great Ajax. If the Management Agreement expires or is terminated for any reason, the trademark license agreement pursuant to which we license the mark Great Ajax from Aspen will also terminate within 30 days. Upon any such termination, we would be required to cease doing business using the name Great Ajax and would have to change our corporate name, both of which could have a material adverse effect upon our business. All goodwill associated with our use of the mark Great Ajax is not our asset and such goodwill cannot be transferred by us to a third party. In addition, we need to obtain the consent of Aspen before we are permitted to register the licensed mark in any jurisdiction in the world. Failure to obtain such consent could have a material adverse effect on us, including our ability to expand our business into new jurisdictions. 
 
 Our Management team may engage in other activities and may have interests that conflict with ours. Our Manager and members of its management team may engage in any other business or render similar or different services to others including, without limitation, the direct or indirect sponsorship or management of other investment-based accounts or commingled pools of capital, so long as its services to us are not impaired thereby; provided that it may not engage in any such business or provide such services to any other entity that invests in the asset classes in which we intend to invest so long as we have on hand an average of 25.0 million in capital available for investment over the previous two fiscal quarters or our independent directors determine that we have the ability to raise capital at or above our most recent book value. If this occurs, our Manager or members of its management team may devote a disproportionate amount of time and other resources to acquire or manage properties owned by others. In addition, Aspen has agreed, for itself and its subsidiaries, including our Servicer, to similar restrictions on their ability to compete with us. We will seek to manage any potential conflicts through provisions of our agreements with them and through oversight by independent members of our Board of Directors or general dispute resolution methods. However, there can be no assurance that such measures will be effective, that we will be able to resolve all conflicts with our Manager, our Servicer and Aspen or that the resolution of any such conflicts will be no less favorable to us than if we were dealing with unaffiliated third parties. 
 
 We own a 19.8 equity interest in our Manager and an 8.0 equity interest in the parent company of our Servicer through GA-TRS, with warrants to purchase an additional equity interest in GAFS. Flexpoint Great Ajax Holdings LLC Flexpoint REIT Investor an affiliate of an investment fund managed by Flexpoint Ford LLC is one of our larger investors and owns 26.6 of our shares of series A preferred stock as of December 31, 2022. Also, investors consisting of an investment fund for which Wellington Management Company LLP is the investment adviser and one or more other investment advisory clients of Wellington Management Company LLP (collectively, the Wellington Investors owns 17.1 of our outstanding common stock as of December 31, 2022. In addition, Flexpoint REIT Investor and one of the Wellington Investors each own 26.7 of our Manager, and 9.0 of Great Ajax FS LLC GAFS ), the parent of the Servicer, with warrants to purchase an additional equity interest in GAFS. Mr. Mendelsohn controls 50 of the manager of Aspen, which owns a 26.7 investment in our Manager and a 73.8 interest in GAFS, and has certain economic and/or management rights with respect to approximately 9.2 of the interests in Aspen. Furthermore, each of our executive officers is an executive officer of our Manager or the Servicer or both and has interests in our relationship with them that may be different from the interests of our stockholders. In particular, these individuals, other than the Chief Financial Officer, have a direct interest in the financial success of our Manager or the Servicer, which may encourage these individuals to support strategies in furtherance of their financial success that adversely affect us. Such ownership creates conflicts of interest when such directors or members of our management team are faced with decisions that involve us and our Manager, our Servicer, Aspen or any of their respective subsidiaries. See Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters and Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence Agreements with Anchor Investors. 
 
 Our Board of Directors has approved a very broad investment policy and guidelines for our Manager and will not review or approve each investment decision. We may change our investment policy and guidelines without stockholder consent, which may materially and adversely affect the market price of our common stock and our ability to make distributions to our stockholders. 
 
 35 

Our Manager is authorized to follow a very broad investment policy and guidelines and, therefore, has great latitude in determining the types of assets that are proper investments for us, as well as the individual investment decisions. In the future, our Manager may make investments with lower rates of return than those anticipated under current market conditions and/or may make investments with greater risks to achieve those anticipated returns. Our Board of Directors will periodically review our investment policy and guidelines and our investment portfolio but will not review or approve each proposed investment by our Manager unless it falls outside the scope of our previously approved investment policy and guidelines or constitutes a related party transaction. 
 
 In addition, in conducting periodic reviews, our Board of Directors relies primarily on information provided to it by our Manager. Furthermore, our Manager may use complex strategies. Transactions entered into by our Manager may be costly, difficult or impossible to unwind by the time they are reviewed by our Board of Directors. In addition, we may change our investment policy and guidelines and targeted asset classes at any time without the consent of our stockholders, and this could result in our making investments that are different in type from, and possibly riskier than, our current investments or the investments currently contemplated. Changes in our investment policy and guidelines and targeted asset classes may increase our exposure to interest rate risk, counterparty risk, default risk and real estate market fluctuations, which could materially and adversely affect us. 
 
 We depend on our Manager. We may not be able to retain our engagement of our Manager under certain circumstances, which could materially and adversely affect us. Termination of our Manager by us without cause is difficult and costly and our agreements with our Servicer may simultaneously terminate or be terminated, as applicable. 
 
 Our success depends upon our relationships with and the performance of our Manager and its key personnel. Key personnel may leave its employment or may become distracted by financial or operational issues in connection with their business and activities unrelated to us and over which we have no control or may fail to perform for any reason. Our Manager may engage in any other business or render similar or different services to others, including, without limitation, the direct or indirect sponsorship or management of other investment-based accounts or commingled pools of capital, so long as its services to us are not impaired thereby; provided that our Manager may not engage in any such business or provide such services to any other entity that invests in the asset classes in which we intend to invest so long as we have on hand an average of 25 million in capital available for investment over the previous two fiscal quarters or our independent directors determine that we have the ability to raise capital at or above our most recent book value. Aspen Capital has agreed for itself and its subsidiaries to similar restrictions. In the event our Manager provides its services to a competitor, it may be difficult for us to secure a suitable replacement to our Manager on favorable terms, or at all or maintain our engagement of our Manager. In the event that the Management Agreement is terminated for any reason or our Manager is unable to retain its key personnel, it may also be difficult for us to secure a suitable replacement to our Manager on favorable terms, or at all. If we terminate the Management Agreement without cause thereafter or our Manager terminates the Management Agreement due to our default in the performance of any material term of the Management Agreement, we will be required to pay a significant termination fee. In addition, the Management Agreement will automatically terminate at the same time as the Servicing Agreement if the Servicing Agreement is terminated for any reason. If the Management Agreement expires or is earlier terminated, we and our Servicer have certain rights to terminate the Servicing Agreement and the trademark license agreement will automatically terminate. The occurrence of any of the above-described events could materially and adversely affect us. 
 
 The incentive fee payable to our Manager under the Management Agreement will be payable quarterly based on the dividends declared by our Board of Directors and may cause our Manager to select investments in more risky assets to increase its incentive compensation. 
 
 Our Manager will be entitled to receive incentive compensation based upon, among other measures, the dividends declared by our Board of Directors in its discretion. In evaluating investments and other management strategies, the opportunity to earn incentive compensation may lead our Manager to place undue emphasis on the maximization of dividends at the expense of other criteria, such as preservation of capital, in order to achieve higher incentive compensation. Investments with higher yield potential are generally riskier or more speculative. This could result in increased risk to the value of our investment portfolio. 
 
 The Servicing Agreement was not negotiated at arm s length. 
 
 Under the Servicing Agreement, the Servicer provides us with critically important services, including, among many others, the servicing of our whole mortgage loans, including the mortgage loans underlying our MBS, loan modification services, assisted deed-in-lieu of foreclosure services, assisted deed-for-lease services and other loss mitigation services with respect to our mortgage loans and property management, leasing management and renovation management services with respect to our real property assets and assistance in finding third party financing for such properties. The Servicing Agreement 
 36 

has an initial term of 15 years, expiring July 8, 2029. We may not terminate the Servicing Agreement except for cause or if we terminate the Management Agreement for cause, the Servicer may terminate the Servicing Agreement without cause by providing written notice to us no later than 180 days prior to December 31 of any year, and the Servicing Agreement will terminate effective on the December 31 next following the delivery of such notice. The Servicing Agreement also provides that the Servicer may terminate the agreement within 180 days after receiving notice that the Management Agreement has terminated, without any termination payment by us if the Management Agreement has been terminated for cause. If the Management Agreement has been terminated other than for cause and the Servicer terminates the Servicing Agreement, we will be required to pay a significant termination fee. The Management Agreement will automatically terminate at the same time as the Servicing Agreement if the Servicing Agreement is terminated for any reason. Upon any termination of the Servicing Agreement, it may be difficult for us to secure suitable replacements or we may secure alternative servicers with less effective servicing platforms or at greater expense. In addition, the Servicer has no liability to us for its negligence in performing services for us under the Servicing Agreement, unless that negligence rises to the level of gross negligence or willful misconduct. The material terms of the Servicing Agreement are further described in Item 1. Business The Servicer. The Servicing Agreement was not negotiated at arm s length; accordingly, it may contain terms that are less favorable to us than agreements negotiated with one or more unaffiliated third parties might contain. 
 
 Failure of our Servicer to effectively perform its obligations under the Servicing Agreement could materially and adversely affect us. 
 
 We are contractually obligated to service the residential mortgage loans that we acquire and we must operate or provide for the operation of the real estate assets we will own. We do not have any employees, a servicing platform, licenses or technical resources necessary to service our acquired loans. Consequently, we have engaged our Servicer to service our mortgage loans and other real estate assets. If for any reason our Servicer is unable to service these loans or real estate assets at the level and/or the cost that we anticipate, or if we fail to pay our Servicer or otherwise default under the Servicing Agreement, and our Servicer ceases to act as our servicer, alternate service providers may not be readily available on favorable terms, or at all, which could adversely affect our Manager s performance under the Management Agreement and our business and results of operations. Our Servicer s failure to perform the services under the Servicing Agreement would have a material adverse effect on us. Currently, we are our Servicer s largest customer. 
 
 Pursuant to the terms of the Servicing Agreement, our Servicer is required to pay taxes, insurance and other charges when the borrower does not have sufficient funds in to pay the amounts themselves or when the loan has converted to REO. Our Servicer generally recovers these amounts from the liquidation proceeds from the underlying loans or REO. In the event our Servicer is unable to fund these borrower or REO charges, we might have to advance the funds to protect our interest in the loan or REO. This advancing in advance of receiving liquidation proceeds could place a strain on our operating capital, our Servicer s operating capital, and our ability to invest in additional assets. 
 
 Our Manager has a contractually defined duty to us rather than a fiduciary duty. 
 
 Under the Management Agreement, our Manager has a contractual, as opposed to a fiduciary, relationship with us that limits its obligations to us to those specifically set forth in the Management Agreement. The ability of our Manager and its officers and employees to engage in other business activities may reduce the time it spends managing us. In addition, unlike the relationship we have with our directors, there is no statutory standard of conduct under the Maryland General Corporation Law (the MGCL for officers of a Maryland corporation. Officers of a Maryland corporation, including our officers who are employees of our Manager, are subject to general agency principles including the exercise of reasonable care and skill in the performance of their responsibilities as well as the duties of loyalty, good faith and candid disclosure. 

Risks Related to Our Organizational Structure 
 
 Maintenance of our exclusion from regulation as an investment company under the Investment Company Act imposes significant limitations on our operations. 
 
 We intend to continue to conduct our operations so that neither we nor any of our subsidiaries is required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. We are organized as a holding company and we conduct our business primarily through wholly owned subsidiaries of our Operating Partnership. Neither we nor our Operating Partnership nor Great Ajax Funding is an investment company under Section 3(a)(1)(C). The securities issued by our subsidiaries that are excluded from the definition of investment company under Section 3(c)(1) or Section 3(c)(7) of the Investment Company Act, together with other investment securities we may own, cannot exceed 40 of the value of all our assets (excluding U.S. government securities and cash) on an unconsolidated basis. This requirement limits the types of businesses in which we may engage and the assets we may hold. Our 19.8 equity interest in our Manager and our 8.0 equity interest in the parent 
 37 

company of our Servicer are held by GA-TRS, which is a special purpose subsidiary of our Operating Partnership, and GA-TRS may rely on Section 3(c)(1) or Section 3(c)(7) for its Investment Company Act exclusion and, therefore, our interest in such subsidiary would constitute an investment security for purposes of determining whether we pass the 40 test (see Item 1. Business Operating and Regulatory Structure Investment Company Act Exclusion for additional information regarding the 40 test). 
 
 Certain of our subsidiaries may rely on the exclusion provided by Section 3(c)(5)(C) under the Investment Company Act. Section 3(c)(5)(C) of the Investment Company Act is designed for entities primarily engaged in the business of purchasing or otherwise acquiring mortgages and other liens on and interests in real estate. This exclusion generally requires that at least 55 of the entity s assets on an unconsolidated basis consist of qualifying real estate assets and at least 80 of the entity s assets consist of qualifying real estate assets or real estate-related assets. These requirements limit the assets those subsidiaries can own and the timing of sales and purchases of those assets. 
 
 To classify the assets held by our subsidiaries as qualifying real estate assets or real estate-related assets, we will rely on no-action letters and other guidance published by the SEC staff regarding those kinds of assets, as well as upon our analyses (in consultation with outside counsel) of guidance published with respect to other types of assets. There can be no assurance that the laws and regulations governing the Investment Company Act status of companies similar to ours, or the guidance from the SEC or its staff regarding the treatment of assets as qualifying real estate assets or real estate-related assets, will not change in a manner that adversely affects our operations. In fact, in August 2011, the SEC published a concept release in which it asked for comments on this exclusion from regulation. To the extent that the SEC staff provides more specific guidance regarding any of the matters bearing upon our exemption from the need to register under the Investment Company Act, we may be required to adjust our strategy accordingly. Any additional guidance from the SEC staff could further inhibit our ability to pursue the strategies that we have chosen. Furthermore, although we intend to monitor the assets of our subsidiaries regularly, there can be no assurance that our subsidiaries will be able to maintain their exclusion from registration. Any of the foregoing could require us to adjust our strategy, which could limit our ability to make certain investments or require us to sell assets in a manner, at a price or at a time that we otherwise would not have chosen. This could negatively affect the value of our common stock, the sustainability of our business model and our ability to make distributions. 
 
 Registration under the Investment Company Act would require us to comply with a variety of substantive requirements that impose, among other things: 
 
 limitations on capital structure; 
 restrictions on specified investments; 
 restrictions on leverage or senior securities; 
 restrictions on unsecured borrowings; 
 prohibitions on transactions with affiliates; and 
 compliance with reporting, record keeping, voting, proxy disclosure and other rules and regulations that would significantly increase our operating expenses. 
 
 If we were required to register as an investment company but failed to do so, we could be prohibited from engaging in our business, and criminal and civil actions could be brought against us. 
 
 Registration with the SEC as an investment company would be costly, would subject us to a host of complex regulations and would divert attention from the conduct of our business, which could materially and adversely affect us. In addition, if we purchase or sell any real estate assets to avoid becoming an investment company under the Investment Company Act, our net asset value, the amount of funds available for investment and our ability to pay distributions to our stockholders could be materially adversely affected. 
 
 The ownership limit in our charter may discourage a takeover or business combination that may have benefited our stockholders. 
 
 To assist us in qualifying as a REIT, among other purposes, our charter generally limits the beneficial or constructive ownership of our (a) common stock by any person to no more than 9.8 in value or in number of shares, whichever is more restrictive, of the aggregate of the outstanding shares of our common stock and (b) capital stock by any person to no more than 9.8 in value or in number of shares, whichever is more restrictive, of the aggregate of the outstanding shares of our capital stock. We have waived these ownership limits, to a certain extent, for Flexpoint REIT Investor, the Wellington Investors and certain other investors. This and other restrictions on ownership and transfer of our shares of stock contained in our charter may discourage a change of control of us and may deter individuals or entities from making tender offers for our common stock on terms that might be financially attractive to you or which may cause a change in our management. In addition to deterring 
 38 

potential transactions that may be favorable to our stockholders, these provisions may also decrease your ability to sell our common stock. 
 
 Our stockholders ability to control our operations is limited. 
 
 Our Board of Directors approves our major strategies, including our strategies regarding investments, financing, growth, debt capitalization, REIT qualification and distributions. Our Board of Directors may amend or revise these and other strategies without a vote of our stockholders. Further, Flexpoint REIT Investor and the Wellington Investors own significant portions of our common stock, will continue to have significant influence over us, and may have conflicts of interest with us or you now or in the future. 
 
 Certain provisions of Maryland law could inhibit a change in our control. 
 
 Certain provisions of the MGCL may have the effect of inhibiting a third party from making a proposal to acquire us or impeding a change of control under circumstances that otherwise could provide our stockholders with the opportunity to realize a premium over the then-prevailing market price of our common stock, including: 
 
 business combination provisions that, subject to limitations, prohibit certain business combinations between us and an interested stockholder (defined generally as any person who beneficially owns 10 or more of the voting power of our outstanding voting stock or an affiliate or associate of ours who, at any time within the two-year period immediately prior to the date in question, was the beneficial owner of 10 or more of the voting power of our then-outstanding stock) or an affiliate of an interested stockholder for five years after the most recent date on which the stockholder became an interested stockholder, and thereafter require two supermajority stockholder votes to approve any such combination; and 
 control share provisions that provide that a holder of our control shares (defined as voting shares of stock which, when aggregated with all other shares of stock owned by the acquiror or in respect of which the acquiror is able to exercise or direct the exercise of voting power (except solely by virtue of a revocable proxy), entitle the acquiror to exercise one of three increasing ranges of voting power in electing directors) acquired in a control share acquisition (defined as the direct or indirect acquisition of ownership or control of issued and outstanding control shares, subject to certain exceptions) generally has no voting rights with respect to the control shares except to the extent approved by our stockholders by the affirmative vote of two-thirds of all the votes entitled to be cast on the matter, excluding all interested shares. 
 
 We elected to opt out of these provisions of the MGCL, in the case of the business combination provisions, by resolution of our Board of Directors exempting any business combination between us and any other person (provided that such business combination is first approved by our Board of Directors, including a majority of our directors who are not affiliates or associates of such person), and in the case of the control share provisions, pursuant to a provision in our bylaws. We may not opt back in to either of these provisions without the approval of the holders of a majority of our shares of common stock. 
 
 Our authorized but unissued common and preferred stock may prevent a change in control of the company. 
 
 Our charter authorizes us to issue additional authorized but unissued common stock and preferred stock without stockholder approval. In addition, our Board of Directors may, without stockholder approval, (i) amend our charter to increase or decrease the aggregate number of our shares of stock or the number of shares of any class or series of stock that we have authority to issue and (ii) classify or reclassify any unissued common stock or preferred stock and set the preferences, rights and other terms of the classified or reclassified shares. As a result, among other things, our board may establish a class or series of common stock or preferred stock that could delay or prevent a transaction or a change in control of the company that might involve a premium price for our common stock or otherwise be in the best interests of our stockholders. 
 
 Our rights and the rights of our stockholders to take action against our directors and officers are limited, which could limit your recourse in the event of actions not in your best interest. 
 
 Our charter limits the liability of our present and former directors and officers to us and our stockholders for money damages to the maximum extent permitted under Maryland law. Under current Maryland law, our present and former directors and officers will not have any liability to us or our stockholders for money damages other than liability resulting from: 
 
 actual receipt of an improper benefit or profit in money, property or services; or 
 active and deliberate dishonesty by the director or officer that was established by a final judgment and is material to the cause of action. 
 39 

In addition, our charter authorizes us to indemnify our present and former directors and officers for actions taken by them in those and other capacities to the maximum extent permitted by Maryland law and our bylaws require us to indemnify our present and former directors and officers, to the maximum extent permitted by Maryland law, in the defense of any proceeding to which he or she is made, or threatened to be made, a party by reason of his or her service to us as a director or officer in these and other capacities. In addition, we may be obligated to pay or reimburse the expenses incurred by our present and former directors and officers without requiring a preliminary determination of their ultimate entitlement to indemnification. As a result, we and our stockholders may have more limited rights against our present and former directors and officers than might otherwise exist absent the current provisions in our charter and bylaws or that might exist with other companies, which could limit your recourse in the event of actions not in your best interests. 
 
 Our charter contains provisions that make removal of our directors difficult, which could make it difficult for our stockholders to effect changes to our management. 
 
 Our charter provides that, except pursuant to a Special Election Meeting (as defined in the charter), subject to the rights of holders of one or more classes or series of preferred stock to elect or remove one or more directors, a director may be removed only for cause (as defined in our charter), and even then only by the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast generally in the election of directors. At a Special Election Meeting, our Manager, the Servicer, Aspen Yo and our directors and officers shall not vote the shares of common stock they beneficially own in the election or removal of directors. At a Special Election Meeting, a majority of the votes entitled to be cast is required to remove a director. Vacancies may be filled only by a majority of the remaining directors in office, even if less than a quorum, for the full term of the directorship in which the vacancy occurred (other than vacancies among any directors elected by the holder or holders of any class or series of preferred stock, if such right exists). These requirements make it more difficult to change our management by removing and replacing directors and may prevent a change in our control that is in the best interests of our stockholders. 
 
 Our charter generally does not permit ownership in excess of 9.8 of our common stock or of our stock of all classes and series based on value or number of shares, and attempts to acquire our stock in excess of the stock ownership limit will be ineffective unless an exemption is granted by our Board of Directors. These provisions may restrict change of control or business combination opportunities in which our stockholders might receive a premium for their shares of common stock. 
 
 We elected to be taxed as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes beginning with our taxable year ended December 31, 2014. In order for us to continue to qualify as a REIT, no more than 50 of the value of our outstanding shares of capital stock (after taking into account options to acquire shares of stock) may be owned, directly or constructively, by five or fewer individuals during the last half of any calendar year. Individuals for this purpose include natural persons, private foundations, some employee benefit plans and trusts, and some charitable trusts. In order to help us qualify as a REIT, among other purposes, our charter generally limits the beneficial or constructive ownership of our (a) common stock by any person to no more than 9.8 in value or in number of shares, whichever is more restrictive, of the aggregate of the outstanding shares of our common stock or (b) capital stock by any person to no more than 9.8 in value or in number of shares, whichever is more restrictive, of the aggregate of the outstanding shares of our capital stock. Our Board of Directors, in its sole and absolute discretion, may grant an exemption to certain of these prohibitions, subject to certain conditions and receipt by our Board of Directors of certain representations, covenants and undertakings. Our Board of Directors waived such limit in connection with the ownership by Flexpoint REIT Investor, the Wellington Investors and certain other investors. Our Board of Directors may also from time to time increase this ownership limit for one or more persons and may decrease such limit for all other persons. Any decrease in the ownership limit generally applicable to all stockholders will not be effective for any person whose percentage ownership of our stock is in excess of such decreased ownership limit until such time as such person s percentage ownership of our stock equals or falls below such decreased ownership limit, but any further acquisition of our stock in excess of such decreased ownership limit will be in violation of the decreased ownership limit. Our Board of Directors may not increase the decreased ownership limit (whether for one person or all stockholders) if such increase would allow five or fewer individuals (including certain entities) to beneficially own more than 49.9 in value of our outstanding capital stock. 
 
 Our charter s constructive ownership rules are complex and may cause the outstanding shares of our stock owned by a group of related individuals or entities to be deemed to be constructively owned by one individual or entity. As a result, the acquisition of less than 9.8 of the outstanding shares of any class or series of our stock by an individual or entity could cause that individual or entity to own constructively in excess of 9.8 of the outstanding shares of our common stock or of our stock of all classes and series and thus violate the ownership limits or other restrictions on ownership and transfer of our stock. Any attempt by a stockholder to own or transfer our stock in excess of the ownership limit without the consent of our Board of Directors or in a manner that would cause us to be closely held under Section 856(h) of the Code (without regard to whether the stock is held during the last half of a taxable year) or would otherwise cause us to fail to qualify as a REIT will result in the stock being automatically transferred to a trustee for a charitable trust or, if the transfer to the charitable trust is not 
 40 

automatically effective to prevent a violation of the stock ownership limit or the restrictions on ownership and transfer of our stock, any such transfer of our shares will be void ab initio. Further, any transfer of our stock that would result in our shares being beneficially owned by fewer than 100 persons will be void ab initio. 
 
 These ownership limitations could have the effect of discouraging a takeover or other transaction in which holders of our shares of common stock might receive a premium for their shares of common stock over the then-prevailing market price or which holders might believe to be otherwise in their best interests. 
 
 Conflicts of interest could arise in the future as a result of our structure. 
 
 Conflicts of interest could arise in the future as a result of the relationships between us and our affiliates, on the one hand, and our Operating Partnership or any partner thereof, on the other. Our directors and officers have duties to our company under applicable Maryland law in connection with their oversight of the management of our company. At the same time, we, through our wholly owned subsidiary, will have fiduciary duties, as a general partner, to our Operating Partnership and to any partners thereof under Delaware law in connection with the management of our Operating Partnership. Our duties as a general partner to our Operating Partnership and any of its affiliates may come into conflict with the duties of our directors and officers. In the event of a conflict between the interests of our stockholders and the interests of the affiliates of our Operating Partnership, we will endeavor in good faith to resolve the conflict in a manner not adverse to either our stockholders or the affiliates; provided, that for so long as we own a controlling interest in our Operating Partnership, any such conflict that we, in our sole and absolute discretion, determine cannot be resolved in a manner not adverse to either our stockholders or the affiliates of our Operating Partnership will be resolved in favor of our stockholders. 

Risks Related to Our Common Stock 
 
 The market price of our common stock may fluctuate, and you could lose all or part of your investment. 
 
 The stock market in general has been, and the market price of our common stock in particular will likely be, subject to fluctuation, whether due to, or irrespective of, our operating results and financial condition. Our financial performance, government regulatory action, tax laws, interest rates and market conditions in general could have a significant impact on the future market price of our common stock. Some of the other factors that could negatively affect our share price or result in fluctuations in our share price include: 
 
 economic and public health impact as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic; 
 weakening of the mortgage loan market; 
 actual or anticipated variations in our quarterly operating results; 
 increases in market interest rates that lead purchasers of our common stock to demand a higher yield; 
 changes in our cumulative core earnings or earnings estimates; 
 changes in market valuations of similar companies; 
 actions or announcements by our competitors; 
 actual or perceived conflicts of interest, or the discontinuance of our strategic relationships, with our Manager, the Servicer or Aspen; 
 adverse market reaction to any increased indebtedness we incur in the future; 
 additions or departures of key personnel; 
 actions by stockholders; 
 speculation in the press or investment community; 
 our ability to maintain the listing of our common stock on a national securities exchange; 
 failure to qualify or maintain our qualification as a REIT; and 
 failure to maintain our exemption from registration under the Investment Company Act. 
 
 The preparation of our consolidated financial statements involves the use of estimates, judgments and assumptions, and our consolidated financial statements may be materially affected if such estimates, judgments and assumptions prove to be inaccurate. 
 
 Consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP require the use of estimates, judgments and assumptions that affect the reported amounts. Different estimates, judgments and assumptions reasonably could be used that would have a material effect on the consolidated financial statements, and changes in these estimates, judgments and assumptions are likely to occur from period to period in the future. Significant areas of accounting requiring the application of management s judgment include, but are not limited to, determining the fair value of our assets and the timing and amount of cash flows from our assets. These estimates, judgments and assumptions are inherently uncertain and, if they prove to be 
 41 

wrong, we face the risk that charges to income will be required. Any such charges could significantly harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and the price of our securities. See Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations for a discussion of the accounting estimates, judgments and assumptions that we believe are the most critical to an understanding of our future plan of operations. 
 
 If we fail to establish and maintain an effective system of internal controls, we may not be able to determine accurately our financial results or to prevent fraud. 
 
 Effective internal controls are necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports and effectively prevent fraud. We may in the future discover areas of internal control that need further improvement, and we cannot be certain that we will be successful in maintaining adequate control over our financial reporting and financial processes. Furthermore, as we grow our business, our internal controls will become more complex, and we will require significantly more resources to ensure that our internal controls remain effective. If we or our independent auditors discover a material weakness, the disclosure of that fact, even if quickly remedied, could reduce the market value of our common stock. Additionally, the existence of any material weakness or significant deficiency would require management to devote significant time and incur significant expense to remediate any such material weakness or significant deficiency and management may not be able to remediate any such material weakness or significant deficiency in a timely manner, or at all. 
 
 We have not established a minimum distribution payment level and we cannot assure you of our ability to pay distributions in the future. 
 
 To continue to qualify and maintain our qualification as a REIT and generally not be subject to U.S. federal income and excise tax, we make regular quarterly distributions to holders of our common stock out of legally available funds. Our current policy is to pay quarterly distributions that, on an annual basis, will equal all or substantially all of our net taxable income. We have not, however, established a minimum distribution payment level and our ability to pay distributions may be adversely affected by a number of factors, including the risk factors described in this Annual Report. All distributions are made at the discretion of our Board of Directors and depend on our earnings, our financial condition, any debt covenants, qualification and maintenance of our REIT qualification, restrictions on making distributions under Maryland law and other factors as our Board of Directors may deem relevant from time to time. We may not be able to make distributions in the future and our Board of Directors may change our distribution policy in the future. We believe that a change in any one of the following factors, among others, could adversely affect our results of operations and impair our ability to pay distributions to our stockholders: 
 
 the profitability of the assets we hold, purchase or originate; 
 our ability to make profitable acquisitions and originations; 
 margin calls or other expenses that reduce our cash flow; 
 defaults in our asset portfolio or decreases in the value of our portfolio; and 
 the fact that anticipated operating expense levels may not prove accurate, as actual results may vary from estimates. 
 
 We cannot assure you that we will achieve results that will allow us to make a specified level of cash distributions or increases in cash distributions in the future. In addition, some of our distributions may include a return of capital. 
 
 We may pay distributions from offering proceeds, borrowings or the sale of assets to the extent that distributions exceed earnings or cash flow from our investment activities. 
 
 We may pay distributions from offering proceeds, borrowings or the sale of assets to the extent that distributions exceed earnings or cash flow from our investment activities. Because our assets will consist primarily of RPLs that may not receive payments on a regular basis, we may experience uneven cash flow, making it more difficult to maintain the necessary cash to pay distributions. Such distributions would reduce the amount of cash we have available for investing and other purposes and could be dilutive to our financial results. In addition, funding our distributions from our net proceeds may constitute a return of capital to our investors, which would have the effect of reducing each stockholder s basis in its common stock. 
 
 Future sales of our common stock or other securities convertible into our common stock could cause the market value of our common stock to decline and could result in dilution of your shares. 
 
 Sales of substantial amounts of shares of our common stock could cause the market price of our common stock to decrease significantly. We cannot predict the effect, if any, of future sales of our common stock, or the availability of shares of 
 42 

our common stock for future sales, on the value of our common stock. Sales of substantial amounts of shares of our common stock, or the perception that such sales could occur, may adversely affect prevailing market values for our common stock. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 None. 

Item 2. Properties 
 
 Our principal executive offices are shared with our Manager and our Servicer and are located in 13190 SW 68th Parkway, Suite 110 Tigard, OR 97223. The lease for these premises expires on July 31, 2030; we are not responsible for any lease costs. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 
 Neither we nor any of our subsidiaries are party to nor is any of our property the subject of any material pending legal or regulatory proceedings. We and our affiliates may be involved, from time to time, in legal proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of business. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 Not applicable. 
 
 43 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 Our shares of common stock have been listed on the NYSE since February 13, 2015 under the symbol AJX. 

Holders 
 
 As of March 1, 2023, there were 258 common stockholders of record. 

Dividends 
 
 We elected to be taxed as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes beginning with our taxable year ended December 31, 2014. U.S. federal income tax law requires that a REIT distribute each year an amount equal to at least 90 of its REIT taxable income, determined without regard to the deduction for dividends paid and excluding any net capital gain. 
 
 To satisfy the distribution requirement necessary to qualify as a REIT and to avoid paying U.S. federal tax on our income, we make regular quarterly distributions of substantially all of our REIT taxable income to holders of our common stock. Any distribution we make is at the discretion of our Board of Directors and depends upon our earnings and financial condition, qualification and maintenance of REIT status, applicable provisions of the MGCL and such other factors as our Board of Directors deems relevant. For more information regarding risk factors that could materially adversely affect our earnings and financial condition, see Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 
 To the extent that cash available for distribution is less than our REIT taxable income, we could be required to sell assets, borrow funds or raise equity capital to make cash distributions or make a portion of the required distribution in the form of a taxable stock distribution or distribution of debt securities. We generally are not required to make distributions with respect to activities conducted through GA-TRS or any other TRS that we may form. 
 
 We anticipate that our distributions generally will be taxable as capital gain to our stockholders, although a portion of the distributions may be designated by us as ordinary income or may constitute a return of capital. We furnish annually to each of our stockholders a statement setting forth distributions paid during the preceding year and their characterization as ordinary income, return of capital or capital gains. 

Performance Graph 
 
 The following graph shows the cumulative total shareholder return at market close on February 13, 2015 (the first day of trading of our common stock) through December 31, 2022 for (1) our common stock ("AJX"), (2) the Russell 2000 and (3) the FTSE NAREIT Mortgage REIT index FNMR ). The graph and table show the total return on a hypothetical 100 investment in our common shares and in each index, respectively, on February 13, 2015, the first day on which our shares were listed on the NYSE, including the reinvestment of all dividends. The graph and table below shall not be deemed to be soliciting material or to be filed, or to be incorporated by reference in future filings with the SEC, or to be subject to the liabilities of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, except to the extent that we specifically incorporate it by reference into a document filed under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act. 
 
 44 

Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 
 
 On February 28, 2020, our Board of Directors approved a stock repurchase of up to 25.0 million of our common shares. The amount and timing of any repurchases depends on a number of factors, including but not limited to the price and availability of the common shares, trading volume and general circumstances and market conditions. 
 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we repurchased 475,355 and 1,220 shares, respectively, of our common stock through open market transactions. A summary of the repurchase activity for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 is set forth in the table below in thousands, except for per share amounts): 
 
 Period Total Number of Shares Repurchased Average Price Per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plan or Programs January 1 - December 31, 2021 1,220 13.49 49,684 24,547 January 1 - December 31, 2022 475,355 9.77 525,039 19,904 

Unregistered Sales of Securities 
 
 In private placement transactions in 2022 pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act, we issued 39,558 shares of our common stock on March 7, 2022 in payment of the stock-based portion of the management fee for the fourth quarter of 2021. We issued our five independent directors an aggregate of 25,790 shares of our common stock on May 9, 2022, August 8, 2022 and November 7, 2022 in payment of part of their quarterly director fees for 2022 and 3,470 shares of our common stock on March 7, 2022 in payment of part of their quarterly director fees for the fourth quarter of 2021. 
 
 In private placement transactions in 2021 pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act, we issued our five independent directors an aggregate of 11,550 shares of our common stock on May 10, 2021, August 9, 2021 and November 8, 2021 in payment of part of their quarterly director fees for 2021. Of the five independent directors, four were in their positions during the fourth quarter of 2020 and were issued an aggregate of 4,280 shares of our common stock on March 8, 2021 in payment of part of their quarterly director fees. 
 
 In private placement transactions in 2020 pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act, we issued our four independent directors an aggregate of 12,784 shares of our common stock on May 7, 2020, August 6, 2020 and November 9, 2020 in payment of part of their quarterly director fees for 2020 and 2,600 shares of our common stock on March 5, 2020 in payment of part of their quarterly director fees for the fourth quarter of 2019. 

Item 6. [Reserved] 
 
 45 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

Overview 
 
 Great Ajax Corp. is a Maryland corporation that is organized and operated in a manner intended to allow us to qualify as a REIT. We primarily target acquisitions of (i) RPLs, which are residential mortgage loans on which at least five of the seven most recent payments have been made, or the most recent payment has been made and accepted pursuant to an agreement, or the full dollar amount, to cover at least five payments has been paid in the last seven months and (ii) NPLs, which are residential mortgage loans on which the most recent three payments have not been made. We may acquire RPLs and NPLs either directly or in joint ventures with institutional accredited investors. The joint ventures are structured as securitization trusts, of which we acquire debt securities and beneficial interests. We may also acquire or originate SBC loans. The SBC loans that we target through acquisitions generally have a principal balance of up to 5.0 million and are secured by multi-family residential and commercial mixed use retail/residential properties on which at least five of the seven most recent payments have been made, or the most recent payment has been made and accepted pursuant to an agreement, or the full dollar amount to cover at least five payments has been paid in the last seven months. Additionally, we invest in single-family and smaller commercial properties directly either through a foreclosure event of a loan in our mortgage portfolio, or, less frequently, through a direct acquisition. We own a 19.8 equity interest in our Manager and an 8.0 equity interest in the parent company of our Servicer through GA-TRS, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Operating Partnership. We have elected to treat GA-TRS as a taxable REIT subsidiary under the Code. Our mortgage loans and real properties are serviced by the Servicer, also an affiliated company. 
 
 In 2014, we formed Great Ajax Funding LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Operating Partnership, to act as the depositor of mortgage loans into securitization trusts and to hold the subordinated securities issued by such trusts and any additional trusts we may form for additional secured borrowings. AJX Mortgage Trust I and AJX Mortgage Trust II are wholly owned subsidiaries of the Operating Partnership formed to hold mortgage loans used as collateral for financings under our repurchase agreements. On February 1, 2015, we formed GAJX Real Estate Corp., as a wholly owned subsidiary of the Operating Partnership, to own, maintain, improve and sell certain REOs purchased by us. We have elected to treat GAJX Real Estate Corp. as a TRS under the Code. 
 
 Our Operating Partnership, through interests in certain entities as of December 31, 2022, owns 99.9 of Great Ajax II REIT Inc. which owns Great Ajax II Depositor LLC which then acts as the depositor of mortgage loans into securitization trusts and holds subordinated securities issued by such trusts. Similarly, as of December 31, 2022, the Operating Partnership wholly owned Great Ajax III Depositor LLC, which was formed to act as the depositor into 2021-E, which is a REMIC. We have securitized mortgage loans through these securitization trusts and retained subordinated securities from the secured borrowings. These trusts are considered to be VIEs, and we have determined that we are the primary beneficiary of the VIEs. 
 
 In 2018, we formed Gaea as a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Operating Partnership that invests in multifamily properties with a focus on property appreciation and triple net lease veterinary clinics. We elected to treat Gaea as a TRS under the Code for 2018 and elected to treat Gaea as a REIT under the Code in 2019 and thereafter. Also during 2018, we formed Gaea Real Estate Operating Partnership LP, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Gaea, to hold investments in commercial real estate assets, and Gaea Real Estate Operating LLC, to act as its general partner. We also formed Gaea Veterinary Holdings LLC, BFLD Holdings LLC, Gaea Commercial Properties LLC, Gaea Commercial Finance LLC and Gaea RE Holdings LLC as subsidiaries of Gaea Real Estate Operating Partnership. In 2019, we formed DG Brooklyn Holdings LLC, also a subsidiary of Gaea Real Estate Operating Partnership LP, to hold investments in multi-family properties. 
 
 On November 22, 2019, Gaea completed a private capital raise transaction through which it raised 66.3 million from the issuance of its common stock to third parties to allow Gaea to continue to advance its investment strategy. Additionally, in January 2022, Gaea completed a second private capital raise in which it raised approximately 30.0 million from the issuance of its common stock and warrants. At December 31, 2022 we owned approximately 22.0 of Gaea. We account for our investment in Gaea under the equity method. 
 
 We elected to be taxed as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes beginning with our taxable year ended December 31, 2014. Our qualification as a REIT depends upon our ability to meet, on a continuing basis, various complex requirements under the Code relating to, among other things, the sources of our gross income, the composition and values of our assets, our distribution levels and the diversity of ownership of our capital stock. We believe that we are organized in conformity with the requirements for qualification as a REIT under the Code, and that our current intended manner of operation enables us to meet the requirements for taxation as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
 
 46 

Our Portfolio 
 
 The following table outlines the carrying value of our portfolio of mortgage loan assets and single-family and smaller commercial properties as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 in millions): 
 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Residential RPLs 872.9 971.1 Residential NPLs 105.1 119.5 SBC loans 11.1 19.3 Real estate owned properties, net 6.3 6.1 Investments in securities at fair value 257.1 355.2 Investment in beneficial interests 134.6 139.6 Total mortgage related assets 1,387.1 1,610.8 
 
 We closely monitor the status of our mortgage loans and, through our Servicer, work with our borrowers to improve their payment records. 

Market Trends and Outlook 
 
 In December 2022, the Federal Reserve raised its benchmark federal-funds rate by half a percentage point. This follows rate increases in March, May, June, July, September and November for a year to date increase of 4.25 points. Also, in February 2023, the Federal Reserve raised its benchmark federal-funds rate by another quarter of a percentage point. The Federal Reserve indicated it would likely continue raising the federal-funds rate as long as inflation remained above its 2.00 target and would continue reducing its holdings of Treasury securities and agency debt and agency mortgage-backed securities. According to Freddie Mac, the 30-year fixed rate mortgage rate averaged 6.09 for the week of February 2, 2023. (1) 
 
 Ongoing disruption in the credit markets could result in margin calls from our financing counterparties and additional mark downs on our Investments in debt securities, beneficial interests and mortgage loans. 
 
 Through the end of the fourth quarter, the recent trends noted below have continued, including: 
 
 rising interest rates have increased our borrowing costs; 
 increasing mortgage interest rates and higher home prices, are slowing home purchases and refinancing activity resulting in lower prepayments of our loan and securities portfolios; 
 rising home prices are triggering significant prepayments by borrowers selling their homes to downsize or relocate to lower cost markets; 
 borrowers that purchased or refinanced in 2020 and 2021 have record low interest rates and will be unlikely to trade up in the current interest rate environment; 
 the flight to the suburbs during the COVID pandemic has increased the demand for single-family and multi-family residential rental properties; and 
 the Dodd-Frank risk retention rules for asset backed securities have reduced the universe of participants in the securitization markets. 
 
 The combination of these factors has also resulted in a significant number of families that cannot qualify to obtain new residential mortgage loans. We believe the U.S. federal regulations addressing qualified mortgages based on, among other factors such as employment status, debt-to-income level, impaired credit history or lack of savings, limit mortgage loan availability from traditional mortgage lenders. In addition, we believe that many homeowners displaced by foreclosure or who either cannot afford to own or cannot be approved for a mortgage will prefer to live in single-family rental properties with similar characteristics and amenities to owned homes as well as smaller multi-family residential properties. In certain demographic areas, new households are being formed at a rate that exceeds the new homes being added to the market, which we believe favors future demand for non-federally guaranteed mortgage financing for single-family and smaller multi-family rental properties. For all these reasons, we believe that demand for single-family and smaller multi-family rental properties will continue to increase in the near term and remain at heightened levels for the foreseeable future. 
 
 We believe that investments in residential RPLs and NPLs with positive equity provide an optimal investment value. As a result, we are currently focused on acquiring pools of RPLs and NPLs, at attractive prices. Through our Servicer, we work 
 47 

with our borrowers to improve their payment records. Once there is a period of continued performance, we expect that borrowers will typically refinance these loans at or near the estimated value of the underlying property. 
 
 We also believe there are significant attractive investment opportunities in the SBC loan and property markets and originate as well as purchase these loans, particularly in urban areas where there is a sustainable trend of young adults desiring to live near where they work. We focus on densely populated urban areas where we expect positive economic change based on certain demographic, economic and social statistical data. The primary lenders for smaller multi-family and mixed retail/residential properties are community banks and not regional and national banks and large institutional lenders. We believe the primary lenders and loan purchasers are less interested in these assets because they typically require significant commercial and residential mortgage credit and underwriting expertise, special servicing capability and active property management. It is also more difficult to create the large pools of these loans that primary banks, lenders and portfolio acquirers typically desire. We continually monitor opportunities to increase our holdings of these SBC loans and properties. 
 
 We also believe that banks and other mortgage lenders have strengthened their capital bases and are more aggressively foreclosing on delinquent borrowers or selling these loans to dispose of their inventory. Additionally, many NPL buyers are now interested in reducing their investment duration and are selling RPLs. 
 
 (1) Freddie Mac Primary Mortgage Market Survey, U.S. weekly averages as of February 2, 2023. 

Factors That May Affect Our Operating Results 
 
 Acquisitions . Our operating results depend heavily on sourcing residential RPLs and SBC loans and, when attractive opportunities are identified, NPLs. We believe that there is generally a large supply of RPLs available to us for acquisition and we believe the available supply provides for a steady acquisition pipeline of assets since large institutions are active sellers in the market. However, we expect that our residential mortgage loan portfolio may grow at an uneven pace, as opportunities to acquire distressed residential mortgage loans may be irregularly timed and may involve large portfolios of loans, and the timing and extent of our success in acquiring such loans cannot be predicted. In addition, for any given portfolio of loans that we agree to acquire, we typically acquire fewer loans than originally expected, as certain loans may be resolved prior to the closing date or may fail to meet our diligence standards. The number of loans not acquired typically constitutes a small portion of a particular portfolio. In any case where we do not acquire the full portfolio, we make appropriate adjustments to the applicable purchase price. 
 
 Financing . Our ability to grow our business by acquiring residential RPLs and SBC loans depends on the availability of adequate financing, including additional equity financing, debt financing or both in order to meet our objectives. We intend to leverage our investments with debt, the level of which may vary based upon the particular characteristics of our portfolio and on market conditions. We have funded and intend to continue to fund our asset acquisitions with non-recourse secured borrowings in which the underlying collateral is not marked to market and employ repurchase agreements without the obligation to mark to market the underlying collateral to the extent available. We securitize our whole loan portfolios, primarily as a financing tool, when economically efficient to create long-term, fixed rate, non-recourse financing with moderate leverage, while retaining one or more tranches of the subordinate MBS so created. The secured borrowings are structured as debt financings and not REMIC sales. We completed the securitization transactions pursuant to Rule 144A under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), in which we issued notes primarily secured by seasoned, performing and non-performing mortgage loans primarily secured by first liens on one-to-four family residential properties. Currently there is substantial uncertainty in the securitization markets which could limit our access to financing. 
 
 To qualify as a REIT under the Code, we generally will need to distribute at least 90 of our taxable income each year (subject to certain adjustments) to our stockholders. This distribution requirement limits our ability to retain earnings and thereby replenish or increase capital to support our activities. 
 
 Resolution Methodologies . We, through the Servicer, or our affiliates, employ various loan resolution methodologies with respect to our residential mortgage loans, including loan modification, collateral resolution and collateral disposition. The manner in which an NPL is resolved will affect the amount and timing of revenue we will receive. Our preferred resolution methodology is typically to cause the RPLs to continue to perform and NPLs to perform through loan modification. Following a period of continued performance, we expect that borrowers will typically refinance these loans at or near the estimated value of the underlying property. We believe modification followed by refinancing generates near-term cash flows, provides the highest possible economic outcome for us and is a socially responsible business strategy because it keeps more families in their homes. In certain circumstances, we may also consider selling these modified loans. Through historical experience, we expect that many of our NPLs will enter into foreclosure or similar proceedings, ultimately becoming REO that we can sell. We expect the timelines for these different processes to vary significantly. The exact nature of resolution will depend on a number of factors 
 48 

that are beyond our control, including borrower willingness, property value, availability of refinancing, interest rates, conditions in the financial markets, regulatory environment and other factors. To avoid the 100 prohibited transaction tax on the sale of dealer property by a REIT, we may dispose of assets that may be treated as held primarily for sale to customers in the ordinary course of a trade or business by contributing or selling the asset to a TRS prior to marketing the asset for sale. The state of the real estate market and home prices will determine proceeds from any sale of real estate. 
 
 Conversion to Rental Property . From time to time we may retain an REO property as a rental property. We do not expect to retain a material number of single family residential properties for use as rentals. 
 
 Expenses . Our expenses primarily consist of the fees and expenses payable by us under the Management Agreement and the Servicing Agreement. Additionally, our Manager incurs direct, out-of-pocket costs related to managing our business, which are contractually reimbursable by us. Loan transaction expense is the cost of performing due diligence on pools of mortgage loans under consideration for purchase. Professional fees are primarily for legal, accounting and tax services. Real estate operating expense consists of the ownership and operating costs of our REO properties, and includes any charges for impairments to the carrying value of these assets, which may be significant. Those expenses may increase due to extended eviction timelines caused by the pandemic. Interest expense, which is subtracted from our Interest income to arrive at Net interest income, consists of the costs to borrow money. 
 
 Changes in Home Prices . As discussed above, generally, rising home prices are expected to positively affect our results, particularly as this should result in greater levels of re-performance of mortgage loans, faster refinancing of those mortgage loans, more re-capture of principal on greater than 100 LTV (loan-to-value) mortgage loans and increased recovery of the principal of the mortgage loans upon sale of any REO. Conversely, declining real estate prices are expected to negatively affect our results, particularly if the home prices should decline below our purchase price for the loans and especially if borrowers determine that it is better to strategically default as their equity in their homes decline. We typically concentrate our investments in specific urban geographic locations in which we expect stable or better property markets. However, when we analyze loan and property acquisitions we do not take home price appreciation ("HPA") into account except for rural properties for which we model negative HPA related to our expectation of worse than expected property condition. While we initially expected the COVID-19 outbreak to have a material downward effect on home prices, we are generally seeing increases in HPA in our target markets. A significant decline in HPA could have an adverse impact on our operating results. 
 
 Changes in Market Interest Rates . With respect to our business operations, increases in existing interest rates, in general, may over time cause: (1) the value of our mortgage loan and MBS portfolio to decline; (2) coupons on our ARM and hybrid ARM mortgage loans and MBS to reset, although on a delayed basis, to higher interest rates; (3) prepayments on our mortgage loans and MBS portfolio to slow, thereby slowing the amortization of our purchase premiums and the accretion of our purchase discounts; (4) the interest expense associated with our borrowings to increase; and (5) to the extent we enter into interest rate swap agreements as part of our hedging strategy, the value of these agreements to increase. Conversely, decreases in interest rates, in general, may over time cause: (a) prepayments on our mortgage loan and MBS portfolio to increase, thereby accelerating the accretion of our purchase discounts; (b) the value of our mortgage loan and MBS portfolio to increase; (c) coupons on our ARM and hybrid ARM mortgage loans and MBS to reset, although on a delayed basis, to lower interest rates; (d) the interest expense associated with our borrowings to decrease; and (e) to the extent we enter into interest rate swap agreements as part of our hedging strategy, the value of these agreements to decrease. 
 
 Market Conditions . As the Federal Reserve continues its current trend toward monetary tightening, mortgage markets are undergoing a great deal of uncertainty with regard to both interest rates and origination volume. We believe that in spite of the continuing uncertain market environment for mortgage-related assets current market conditions offer potentially attractive investment opportunities for us, even in the face of a riskier and more volatile market environment. We expect that market conditions will continue to impact our operating results and will cause us to adjust our investment and financing strategies over time as new opportunities emerge and risk profiles of our business change. 
 
 COVID-19 Pandemic. While lock downs and restrictions from the pandemic have ended, the effects of the pandemic on inflation and resulting increase in interest rates have contributed to a substantial dislocation in the credit markets. A return to any COVID-19 pandemic restriction could also negatively impact our business if the reactions of federal, state and local governments caused additional disruption in the capital markets and in housing. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 
 (See also Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements for a discussion of our significant accounting policies 
 
 49 

The preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP requires us to make a number of judgments and assumptions that affect estimates of the reported amounts within our consolidated financial statements. Critical accounting estimates are important to the presentation of our financial condition and results of operations and require management to make difficult, complex, or subjective judgments and estimates, often regarding matters that are inherently uncertain. Actual results could differ from our estimates, and the use of different judgments and assumptions related to these estimates could have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. For additional information about our critical accounting estimates and significant accounting policies, see the notes accompanying our consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Various elements of our accounting policies, by their nature, are inherently subject to estimation techniques, and other subjective assessments. In particular, we have identified six policies that, due to the judgment and estimates inherent in those policies, are critical to understanding our consolidated financial statements. These policies relate to (i) the allowance for credit losses, (ii) accounting for Interest income on our mortgage loan portfolio; (iii) accounting for Investments at fair value; (iv) accounting for investments in Beneficial Interests; (v) accounting for Interest expense on our secured borrowings, repurchase facilities, 2024 Notes and 2027 Notes; and (vi) fair values. We believe that the judgment and estimates used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements are appropriate given the factual circumstances at the time. However, given the sensitivity of our consolidated financial statements to these critical accounting policies, the use of other judgments or estimates could result in material differences in our results of operations or financial condition. 
 
 Allowance for Credit Losses 
 
 The allowance for credit losses represents management's estimate of expected credit losses over the contractual term of the mortgage loans and applies to all of our loans classified as held for investment on our consolidated balance sheets. Determining the appropriateness of the allowance for credit losses is a complex process that is subject to estimates and assumptions requiring significant management judgment about matters that involve a high degree of subjectivity. This process involves the use of models that requires management to make judgments about matters that are difficult to predict, the most significant of which are the probability of default and the severity of expected credit losses. Management regularly evaluates the underlying estimates and models we use when determining the allowance for credit losses and updates our assumptions to reflect our historical experience and current view of broader market conditions. 
 
 To the extent actual loan performance differs from management's expectations, our allowance for credit losses could increase or decrease. While no single factor determines the level of our allowance for credit losses, expected borrower performance and underlying property value are two key drivers that factor into our scenario based cash flow projections. Our historical data has demonstrated the number of payments made by a borrower, either in succession or as an aggregate, to be a significant factor in predicting repayment. Additionally, we include an estimate of underlying property value. Accordingly, if our delinquency estimate is overstated and our valuation estimates are overstated, there could be a negative impact on our allowance for credit losses. 
 
 Based on our review of the key inputs and our methodology used, we believe our current allowance for credit losses is properly stated at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 Mortgage Loans 
 
 We adopted ASU 2016-13, Financial Instruments - Credit Losses, otherwise known as CECL using the prospective transition approach for PCD assets on January 1, 2020. At the time, 10.2 million of loan discount was reclassified to the allowance for expected credit losses with no net impact on the amortized cost basis of the portfolio. 
 
 Purchased Credit Deteriorated Loans ("PCD Loans") As of their acquisition date, the loans we acquired have generally suffered some credit deterioration subsequent to origination. As a result, our recognition of interest income for PCD loans is based upon our having a reasonable expectation of the amount and timing of the cash flows expected to be collected. When the timing and amount of cash flows expected to be collected are reasonably estimable, we use expected cash flows to apply the effective interest method of income recognition. 
 
 Acquired loans may be aggregated and accounted for as a pool of loans if the loans have common risk characteristics. A pool is accounted for as a single asset with a single composite interest rate and an aggregate expectation of cash flows. We may adjust our loan pools as the underlying risk factors change over time. We have aggregated our mortgage loan portfolio into loan pools based on similar risk factors. Excluded from the aggregate pools are loans that pay in full subsequent to the acquisition closing date but prior to pooling. Any gain or loss on these loans is recognized as interest income in the period the loan pays in full. 
 
 50 

Non-PCD Loans While we generally acquire loans that have experienced deterioration in credit quality, we also acquire loans that have not experienced a deterioration in credit quality and originate SBC loans. 
 
 We account for our non-PCD loans by estimating any allowance for expected credit losses for our non-PCD loans based on the risk characteristics of the individual loans. If necessary, an allowance for expected credit losses is established through a provision for loan losses. The allowance is the difference between the net present value of the expected future cash flows from the loan and the contractual balance due. 
 
 Impaired loans are carried at the present value of expected future cash flows discounted at the loan s effective interest rate, the loan s market price, or the fair value of the collateral if the loan is collateral dependent. 
 
 Investments in Securities at Fair Value 
 
 Our Investments in Securities at Fair Value consist of investments in senior and subordinated notes issued by joint ventures, which we form with third party institutional accredited investors. We recognize income on the debt securities using the effective interest method. Additionally, the notes are classified as available-for-sale and are carried at fair value with changes in fair value reflected in our consolidated statements of comprehensive income. We mark our investments to fair value using prices received from our financing counterparties and believe any unrealized losses on our debt securities are expected to be temporary. Any other-than-temporary losses, which represent the excess of the amortized cost basis over the present value of expected future cash flows, are recognized in the period identified in our consolidated statements of income. Risks inherent in our debt securities portfolio, affecting both the valuation of the securities as well as the portfolio s interest income include the risk of default, delays and inconsistency in the frequency and amount of payments, risks affecting borrowers such as man-made or natural disasters, or the pandemic, and damage to or delay in realizing the value of the underlying collateral. We monitor the credit quality of the mortgage loans underlying our debt securities on an ongoing basis, principally by considering loan payment activity or delinquency status. In addition, we assess the expected cash flows from the mortgage loans, the fair value of the underlying collateral and other factors, and evaluate whether and when it becomes probable that all amounts contractually due will not be collected. 
 
 Investments in Beneficial Interests 
 
 Our Investments in Beneficial Interests consist of the residual investment in the securitization trusts which we form with third party institutional accredited investors. We account for our Investments in Beneficial Interests under CECL, which we adopted using the prospective transition approach. At adoption, 1.7 million of discount was reclassified to the allowance for expected credit losses with no net impact on the amortized cost basis of the beneficial interests. Each beneficial interest is accounted for individually, and we recognize our ratable share of gain, loss, income or expense based on our percentage ownership interest. 
 
 Our Investments in Beneficial Interests are carried at amortized cost. Upon acquisition, the investments are recorded as three separate elements: (i) the amount of purchase discount which we expect to recover through eventual repayment of the investment, (ii) an allowance for future expected credit loss and (iii) the par value of the investment. The purchase discount which we expect to recover through eventual repayment of the investment gives rise to an accretable yield. We recognize this accretable yield as interest income on a prospective level yield basis over the life of the investment. Our recognition of interest income is based upon us having a reasonable expectation of the amount and timing of the cash flows expected to be collected. When the timing and amount of cash flows expected to be collected are reasonably estimable, we use these expected cash flows to apply the effective interest method of income recognition. 
 
 Our expectation of the amount of undiscounted cash flows to be collected is evaluated at the end of each calendar quarter. The net present value of changes in expected cash flows as compared to contractual amounts due, whether caused by timing or investment performance, is reported in the period in which it arises and is reflected as an increase or decrease in the allowance for expected credit losses to the extent a provision for expected credit losses is recorded against the investment. If no provision for expected credit losses is recorded against the investment, the increase in expected future cash flows is recognized prospectively as an increase in yield. 
 
 Risks inherent in our beneficial interest portfolio include the risk of default, delays and inconsistency in the frequency and amount of payments, risks affecting borrowers such as man-made or natural disasters and damage to or delay in realizing the value of the underlying collateral. We monitor the credit quality of the mortgage loans underlying our beneficial interests on an ongoing basis, principally by considering loan payment activity or delinquency status. In addition, we assess the expected cash flows from the mortgage loans, the fair value of the underlying collateral and other factors, and evaluate whether and when it becomes probable that all amounts contractually due will not be collected. 
 51 

Debt 
 
 Secured Borrowings Through securitization trusts which are VIEs, we issue callable debt secured by our mortgage loans in the ordinary course of business. The secured borrowings facilitated by the trusts are structured as debt financings, and the mortgage loans used as collateral remain on our consolidated balance sheet as we are the primary beneficiary of the securitization trusts. These secured borrowing VIEs are structured as pass through entities that receive principal and interest on the underlying mortgages and distribute those payments to the holders of the notes. Our exposure to the obligations of the VIEs is generally limited to our investments in the entities; the creditors do not have recourse to the primary beneficiary. Coupon interest expense on the debt is recognized using the accrual method of accounting. Deferred issuance costs, including original issue discount and debt issuance costs, are carried on our consolidated balance sheets as a deduction from Secured borrowings, and are amortized to interest expense on an effective yield basis based on the underlying cash flow of the mortgage loans serving as collateral. We assume the debt will be called at the specified call date for purposes of amortizing discount and issuance costs because we believe it will have the intent and ability to call the debt on the call date. Changes in the actual or projected underlying cash flows are reflected in the timing and amount of deferred issuance cost amortization. 
 
 Repurchase Facilities We enter into repurchase financing facilities under which we nominally sell assets to a counterparty and simultaneously enter into an agreement to repurchase the sold assets at a price equal to the sold amount plus an interest factor. Despite being legally structured as sales and subsequent repurchases, repurchase transactions are generally accounted for as debt secured by the underlying assets. At the maturity of a repurchase financing, unless the repurchase financing is renewed, we are required to repay the borrowing including any accrued interest and concurrently receive back our pledged collateral from the lender. The repurchase financings are treated as collateralized financing transactions; pledged assets are recorded as assets in our consolidated balance sheets, and debt is recognized at the contractual amount. Interest is recorded at the contractual amount on an accrual basis. Costs associated with the set-up of a repurchasing contract are recorded as deferred expense at inception and amortized over the contractual life of the agreement. Any draw fees associated with individual transactions and any facility fees assessed on the amounts outstanding are recorded as expense when incurred. 
 
 Convertible Senior Notes 
 
 During 2017 and 2018, we completed the public offer and sale of our convertible senior notes due 2024 (the "2024 Notes"). At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the UPB of the debt was 104.5 million and 104.6 million, respectively. The 2024 Notes bear interest at a rate of 7.25 per annum, payable quarterly in arrears on January 15, April 15, July 15 and October 15 of each year. The 2024 Notes will mature on April 30, 2024, unless earlier repurchased, converted or redeemed. During certain periods and subject to certain conditions the 2024 Notes will be convertible by their holders into shares of our common stock at a current conversion rate of 1.7405 shares of common stock per 25.00 principal amount of the 2024 Notes, which represents a conversion price of approximately 14.36 per share of common stock. The conversion rate, and thus the conversion price, are subject to adjustment under certain circumstances. 
 
 Coupon interest on the 2024 Notes is recognized using the accrual method of accounting. Discount and deferred issuance costs are carried on our consolidated balance sheets as a reduction of the carrying value of the 2024 Notes, and are amortized to interest expense on an effective yield basis through April 30, 2023, the date at which the 2024 Notes can be converted. We assume the debt will be converted at the specified conversion date for purposes of amortizing issuance costs because we believe such conversion will be in the economic interest of the holders. No sinking fund has been established for redemption of the principal. 
 
 On January 1, 2022, we adopted ASU 2020-06, Debt Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging Contracts in an Entity s Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40) by recording a reduction in our additional paid-in capital account of 0.7 million and a corresponding increase in the carrying value of our Convertible senior notes of 0.7 million, representing the carrying value of the conversion feature associated with the 2024 Notes. 
 
 Notes Payable 
 
 During August 2022, our Operating Partnership issued 110.0 million aggregate principal amount of 8.875 senior unsecured notes due September 2027 (the "2027 Notes"). The 2027 Notes have a five-year term and were issued at 99.009 of par value and are fully and unconditionally guaranteed by us and two of our subsidiaries: Great Ajax Operating LLC (the "GP Guarantor") and Great Ajax II Operating Partnership L.P. (the "Subsidiary Guarantor," and together with us and the GP Guarantor, "Guarantors"). Interest on the 2027 Notes is payable semi-annually on March 1 and September 1, with the first payment due and payable on March 1, 2023. The 2027 Notes will mature on September 1, 2027. Net proceeds from the sale of the 2027 Notes totaled approximately 106.1 million, after deducting the discount, commissions, and offering expenses which 
 52 

will be amortized over the term of the unsecured 2027 Notes using the effective interest method. 
 
 Fair Value 
 
 Fair Value of Financial Instruments A fair value hierarchy has been established that requires an entity to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair value. The standard describes three levels of inputs that may be used to measure fair value: 
 
 Level 1 Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. 
 Level 2 Observable inputs other than Level 1 prices, such as quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities; quoted prices in markets that are not active; or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities. 
 Level 3 Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the fair value of the assets or liabilities. 
 
 The degree of judgment utilized in measuring fair value generally correlates to the level of pricing observability. Assets and liabilities with readily available actively quoted prices or for which fair value can be measured from actively quoted prices generally will have a higher degree of pricing observability and a lesser degree of judgment utilized in measuring fair value. Conversely, assets and liabilities rarely traded or not quoted will generally have little or no pricing observability and a higher degree of judgment utilized in measuring fair value. Pricing observability is impacted by a number of factors, including the type of asset or liability, whether it is new to the market and not yet established, and the characteristics specific to the transaction. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 
 Refer to the notes to our consolidated financial statements for a description of relevant recent accounting pronouncements. 

Results of Operations 
 
 Key items for the year ended December 31, 2022 include: 
 
 Interest income of 82.6 million; net interest income of 39.0 million 
 Net loss attributable to common stockholders of (28.7) million 
 Earnings per share ("EPS") per basic common share of (1.24) 
 Operating income of 17.7 million 
 Operating income per basic common share of 0.77 
 Taxable income of 1.24 per share attributable to common stockholders after payment of dividends on our preferred stock 
 Book value per common share of 13.00 at December 31, 2022 
 Repurchased and retired 91.0 million face amount of our preferred stock and associated warrants 
 Repurchased 475,355 shares of common stock at an average purchase price of 9.77 per share 
 Issued 110.0 million aggregate principal amount of 8.875 senior unsecured notes due 2027 
 Formed one joint venture that acquired 293.6 million in UPB of mortgage loans with collateral values of 653.1 million and retained 44.6 million of varying classes of related securities issued by the joint venture 
 Refinanced four joint ventures into two new joint ventures with 436.3 million in UPB of mortgage loans with collateral values of 1.1 billion and retained 86.0 million of varying classes of related agency rated securities to end the year with 391.6 million of investments in debt securities and beneficial interests 
 Collected total cash of 261.2 million from loan payments, sales of REO and collections from investments in debt securities and beneficial interests 
 Invested an additional 6.1 million in Gaea to increase our total investment to 25.5 million, or 22.0 
 Held 47.8 million of cash and cash equivalents at December 31, 2022; average daily cash balance was 60.9 million 
 As of December 31, 2022, approximately 79.6 of portfolio based on acquisition UPB made at least 12 out of the last 12 payments 
 
 We generated a consolidated net loss attributable to common stockholders under GAAP for the year ended December 31, 2022 of (28.7) million or (1.24) per common share after preferred dividends, and Operating income of 17.7 million or 0.77 per common share. Operating income is a non-GAAP financial measure which adjusts GAAP earnings by removing gains and losses as well as certain other non-core income and expenses and preferred dividends. We consider 
 53 

Operating income a useful measure for comparing the results of our ongoing operations over multiple quarters. Comparatively, our GAAP consolidated net income attributable to common stockholders for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 was 34.1 million and 22.8 million, or 1.48 and 1.00 per common share, respectively. Operating income during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 was 34.1 million and 27.8 million, or 1.48 and 1.22 per common share, respectively. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we repurchased and retired 1,882,451 shares of our series A preferred stock, 1,757,010 shares of our series B preferred stock and 4,549,328 warrants for our common stock in a series of repurchases transactions. The series A and series B preferred stock was repurchased for an aggregate of 88.7 million at an average price of 24.37 per share, representing a discount of approximately 2.5 to the face value of 25.00 per share. The warrants were repurchased for an aggregate of 35.0 million which is equal to the expected future put value obligation of 20.00 per warrant. The repurchase of the preferred stock caused the recognition of 8.2 million of GAAP preferred stock discount, and the repurchase of the warrants accelerated future GAAP accretion expense on the warrant's put option of 12.3 million. The repurchase of the preferred stock is expected to save us approximately 5.6 million annually in preferred dividends while the repurchase of the warrants will reduce future put option accretion expense by 10.8 million annually. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, our book value decreased to 13.00 per common share from 15.92 at December 31, 2021, driven by the effect of mark to market adjustments of 26.7 million on our investments in debt securities, dividends on our common stock of 24.5 million and the year-to-date net loss attributable to common stockholders of 28.7 million, partially offset by the repurchase of 475,355 shares of our common stock during the second quarter at an average price of 9.77 per share and the removal of our convertible senior notes from the calculation due to their antidilutive effect on our earnings per share. 
 
 During the three months ended March 31, 2022, we invested an additional 6.1 million in Gaea to increase our total investment to 25.5 million, or 22.2 of total shares outstanding. In addition to common stock, we received 371,103 warrants to purchase additional shares at 16.41 per share for a two year period following the date that the common stock commences trading on a trading market. At December 31, 2022, we owned approximately 22.0 of Gaea. 
 
 54 

Table 1: Results of Operations For the year ended December 31, in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 INCOME Interest income 82,582 93,383 98,336 Interest expense (43,632) (36,742) (48,692) Net interest income 38,950 56,641 49,644 Net decrease in the net present value of expected credit losses (1) 
 8,026 18,223 12,555 Net interest income after the impact of changes in the net present value of expected credit losses 46,976 74,864 62,199 (Loss)/income from investment in affiliates, net (1,218) 699 (155) Loss on joint venture refinancing on beneficial interests (6,115) Other (loss)/income (4,007) 2,385 1,567 Total revenue, net 35,636 77,948 63,611 EXPENSE Related party expense loan servicing fees 7,960 7,433 7,678 Related party expense management fee 8,326 9,116 8,456 Professional fees 2,052 2,940 2,834 Fair value adjustment on put option liability 11,143 9,462 4,733 Other expense 5,912 5,490 5,680 Total expense 35,393 34,441 29,381 Acceleration of put option settlement 12,344 Loss on debt extinguishment 1,439 661 (Loss)/income before provision for income taxes (12,101) 42,068 33,569 Provision for income taxes (benefit) 2,835 293 (39) Consolidated net (loss)/income (14,936) 41,775 33,608 Less: consolidated net (loss)/income attributable to the non-controlling interest 75 (80) 5,112 Consolidated net (loss)/income attributable to the Company (15,011) 41,855 28,496 Less: dividends on preferred stock 5,474 7,798 5,740 Less: discount on retirement of preferred stock 8,194 Consolidated net (loss)/income attributable to common stockholders (28,679) 34,057 22,756 Basic (loss)/earnings per common share (1.24) 1.48 1.00 Diluted (loss)/earnings per common share (1.24) 1.41 1.00 
 
 (1) Net decrease in the net present value of expected credit losses represents the net decrease to the allowance resulting from changes in actual and expected cash flows during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. It represents the net increase of the present value of the expected cash flows in excess of contractual cash flows offset by any incremental provision expense on the Mortgage loan pools and Beneficial interests. The decrease is calculated at the pool level for Mortgage loans and at the security level for Beneficial interests. To the extent a pool or Beneficial interest has an associated allowance, the decrease in expected credit losses is recorded in the period in which the change occurs, otherwise it is recognized prospectively as an increase in yield. 
 
 55 

For the year ended December 31, in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Reconciliation of consolidated net (loss)/income attributable to common stockholders to consolidated operating income Consolidated net (loss)/income attributable to common stockholders (28,679) 34,057 22,756 Dividends on preferred stock (5,474) (7,798) (5,740) Discount on retirement of preferred stock (8,194) Consolidated net (loss)/income attributable to the Company (15,011) 41,855 28,496 Provision for income taxes (benefit) (2,835) (293) 39 Consolidated net (income)/loss attributable to the non-controlling interest (75) 80 (5,112) (Loss)/income before provision for income taxes (12,101) 42,068 33,569 Loss on joint venture refinancing on beneficial interests (6,115) Realized (loss)/gain on sale of securities (4,775) 201 145 Net decrease in the net present value of expected credit losses (1) 
 8,026 18,223 12,555 Fair value adjustment on put option liability (11,143) (9,462) (4,733) Acceleration of put option settlement (12,344) Other adjustments (3,489) (1,033) (2,175) Consolidated operating income 17,739 34,139 27,777 Basic operating income per common share 0.77 1.48 1.22 Diluted operating income per common share 0.77 1.42 1.22 
 
 (1) Net decrease in the net present value of expected credit losses represents the net decrease to the allowance resulting from changes in actual and expected cash flows during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. It represents the net increase of the present value of the expected cash flows in excess of contractual cash flows offset by any incremental provision expense on the Mortgage loan pools and Beneficial interests. The decrease is calculated at the pool level for Mortgage loans and at the security level for Beneficial interests. To the extent a pool or Beneficial interest has an associated allowance, the decrease in expected credit losses is recorded in the period in which the change occurs, otherwise it is recognized prospectively as an increase in yield. 

Interest Income 
 
 Our primary source of income is accretion earned on our mortgage loan portfolio offset by the interest expense incurred to fund and hold portfolio acquisitions. Our gross interest income excluding the impact of credit losses decreased to 82.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 93.4 million for the year ended 2021 and 98.3 million for the year ended 2020 primarily due to lower yields on our mortgage loan portfolio and beneficial interests. 
 
 Interest expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased to 43.6 million from 36.7 million for the year ended 2021 due to increases in the effective interest rate on our borrowings on repurchase lines of credit. Comparatively, interest expense for the year ended December 31, 2021 decreased from 48.7 million for the year ended 2020 due to decreases in the average interest rates applicable to our borrowings. 
 
 Net interest income after recording the impact of the net present value of decreases in expected credit losses decreased to 47.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 74.9 million for the year ended 2021 and increased from 62.2 million for the year ended 2020 primarily as a result of a net 8.0 million impact of the net decrease in the net present value of expected credit losses for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to a 18.2 million decrease for the year ended 2021 and 12.6 million decrease for the year ended 2020. Of the 8.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, 8.1 million relates to the net decrease in the net present value of expected credit losses on our mortgage loan portfolio and 0.1 million relates to the net increase in the net present value of expected credit losses on our investments in beneficial interests. Comparatively, of the 18.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, 13.7 million relates to our mortgage loan portfolio and 4.6 million to our investments in beneficial interests. Of the 12.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2020, 9.4 million relates to our mortgage loan portfolio and 3.2 million to our investments in beneficial interests. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we collected 261.2 million in cash payments and proceeds on our mortgage loans, securities and REO held-for-sale compared to 318.5 million and 240.3 million for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 56 

The interest income detail for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 is included in the table below in thousands): 
 
 Table 2: Interest Income Detail For the year ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Accretable yield recognized on RPL, NPL and SBC loans 59,971 66,459 76,769 Accretable yield recognized on beneficial interests 10,785 15,540 11,091 Interest income on debt securities 10,558 10,963 9,852 Bank interest income 703 261 346 Other interest income 565 160 278 Interest income 82,582 93,383 98,336 Net decrease in the present value of expected credit losses (1) 
 8,026 18,223 12,555 Interest income after the impact of changes in the net present value of expected credit losses 90,608 111,606 110,891 
 
 (1) Net decrease in the net present value of expected credit losses represents the net decrease to the allowance resulting from changes in actual and expected cash flows during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. It represents the net increase of the present value of the expected cash flows in excess of contractual cash flows offset by any incremental provision expense on the Mortgage loan pools and Beneficial interests. The decrease is calculated at the pool level for Mortgage loans and at the security level for Beneficial interests. To the extent a pool or Beneficial interest has an associated allowance, the decrease in expected credit losses is recorded in the period in which the change occurs, otherwise it is recognized prospectively as an increase in yield. 
 
 The average carrying balance of our mortgage loan portfolio increased for the year ended December 31, 2022 versus the prior year of 2021 primarily due to loan acquisitions in the fourth quarter of 2021. The average carrying balances of our debt securities and beneficial interests increased for the year ended December 31, 2022 versus the prior year of 2021 due to acquisitions outpacing paydowns and sales. The average carrying balance of our debt outstanding decreased for the year ended December 31, 2022 versus the prior year of 2021 as paydowns and sales outpaced acquisitions. The average carrying balances for our portfolio are included in the table below in thousands): 
 
 Table 3: Average Balances For the year ended December 31, 2022 2021 Average mortgage loan portfolio 1,033,907 1,028,528 Average carrying value of debt securities 327,387 325,543 Average carrying value of beneficial interests 133,121 118,303 Total average asset backed debt 1,016,804 1,053,572 

Loss/Income from Equity Method Investments 
 
 We recorded a loss from our investments in affiliates of 1.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, income of 0.7 million for the year ended 2021 and loss of 0.2 million for the year ended 2020. The change year over year is partially due to the flow-through impact of the mark to market adjustment on shares of our stock held by our Manager and our Servicer. We account for our investments in our Manager and our Servicer using the equity method of accounting. 
 
 During the three months ended March 31, 2022, we invested an additional 6.1 million in Gaea to increase our total investment to 25.5 million, or 22.2 of total shares outstanding. In addition to common stock, we received 371,103 warrants to purchase additional shares at 16.41 per share for a two year period following the date that the common stock commences trading on a trading market. At December 31, 2022, we owned approximately 22.0 of Gaea. 
 
 Loss on Joint Venture Refinancing on Beneficial Interests 
 
 The was a 6.1 million loss on joint venture refinancing on beneficial interests driven by 4.0 million other than temporary impairment on the partial redemption of our beneficial interests in Ajax Mortgage Loan Trusts 2018-D and 2018-G ("2018-D and -G") during the first quarter of 2022, which became a realized loss when the transaction closed in April 2022. The 2018-D and -G trusts were re-securitized in the second quarter of 2022 and the underlying mortgage loans were used to form 
 57 

Ajax Mortgage Loan Trust 2022-A ("2022-A"). We also had a 2.1 million loss on the partial redemption of our beneficial interests in Ajax Mortgage Loan Trust 2019-A and 2019-B ("2019-A and -B") during the second quarter of 2022. The 2019-A and -B trusts were also re-securitized in the second quarter of 2022 and the underlying mortgage loans were used to form Ajax Mortgage Loan Trust 2022-B ("2022-B"). Although we continue to own approximately the same interest in the underlying mortgage loans and related cash flows, we account for our beneficial interests as legal securities and recorded a loss on the transaction as a result. The beneficial interests were exchanged for a combination of the beneficial interest in 2022-A and -B, respectively, and cash received from the sale of the underlying loans to 2022-A and -B, respectively. 
 
 Other Loss/Income 
 
 Other loss/income decreased for the year ended December 31, 2022 by 6.4 million from 2021. The decrease in Other income was driven by a 4.8 million loss on the disposition of debt securities, primarily driven by the sale of securities in Ajax Mortgage Loan Trust 2021-F and lower of cost or market adjustment on our mortgage loan portfolio of 1.8 million due to extension of a portion of our loan portfolio as previously delinquent borrowers have become more consistent payers. This was partially offset by an increase in the first quarter in late fee income. Other income increased for the year ended December 31, 2021 by 0.8 million from 2020, primarily due to increases in late fee income and a gain on sale of mortgage loans in 2021 versus a loss in 2020. A breakdown of Other income is provided in the table below in thousands): 
 
 Table 4: Other (Loss)/Income 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022 2021 (1) 
 2020 (1) 
 Late fee income 1,789 1,046 700 Net gain on sale of property held-for-sale 898 893 1,011 Other (loss)/gain (1,919) 245 (289) (Loss)/gain on sale of securities (4,775) 201 145 Total Other (loss)/income (4,007) 2,385 1,567 
 
 (1) Includes a reclass of Gain/(loss) on sale of mortgage loans, HAMP fees and Rental income to Other (loss)/gain. 

Expenses 
 
 Total expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased from the year ended 2021 as a result of our put option expense on our outstanding common stock warrants and an increase in loan servicing fees as NPLs increased as a percentage of the total portfolio. These were partially offset by lower management fees in 2022 due to a reduction in stockholders' equity. Similarly, total expenses for the year ended 2021 increased from 2020 as a result of our put option expense on our outstanding common stock warrants. This was partially offset by lower loan servicing fees as a result of the lower average carrying balance of our mortgage loan portfolio due to increased investments in our joint ventures. A breakdown of our expenses is provided in the table below in thousands): 
 
 Table 5: Expenses For the year ended December 31, 2022 2021 (1) 
 2020 (1) 
 Fair value adjustment on put option liability 11,143 9,462 4,733 Related party expense management fee 8,326 9,116 8,456 Related party expense loan servicing fees 7,960 7,433 7,678 Other expense 5,912 5,490 5,680 Professional fees 2,052 2,940 2,834 Total expense 35,393 34,441 29,381 
 
 (1) Previously presented to include Real estate operating expense as its own line item, which has now been reclassed to Other expense. 
 
 Other Expense 
 
 Other expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased from the year ended 2021 primarily due to an increase in employee and service provider grants and travel, meals and entertainment, partially offset by lower non due diligence lien release. Other expense for the year ended 2021 decreased from 2020 primarily due to real estate operating expense, partially 
 58 

offset by employee and service provider grants and directors' fees and grants. A breakdown of other expense is provided in the table below in thousands): 
 
 Table 6: Other Expense For the year ended December 31, 2022 2021 (1,2) 
 2020 (1,2) 
 Employee and service provider share grants 1,147 900 728 Insurance 941 964 835 Directors' fees and grants 750 746 427 Borrowing related expenses 714 727 802 Travel, meals, entertainment 467 193 265 Other expense 459 677 300 Software licenses and amortization 444 407 302 Real estate operating expense 434 328 1,482 Taxes and regulatory expense 351 368 395 Internal audit services 205 180 144 Total Other expense 5,912 5,490 5,680 
 
 (1) Includes a reclass of Real estate operating expense. 
 (2) Includes a reclass of Loan transaction expense and Lien release non due diligence to Other expense. 
 
 Acceleration of Put Option Settlement 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we repurchased and retired 4,549,328 warrants for our common stock in a series of repurchase transactions. The warrants were repurchased for an aggregate of 35.0 million at a price equal to the expected future put value obligation of 20.00 per warrant. The repurchase of the warrants accelerated future accretion expense on the warrant's put option of 12.3 million. The repurchase is expected to reduce future put option expense by 10.8 million annually. There was no repurchase of warrants during the years ended December 31, 2021and 2020. 
 
 Loss on Debt Extinguishment 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we had no acceleration of deferred issuance costs from refinancing activities. Comparatively, for years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, we recorded 1.4 million and 0.7 million, respectively, related to the acceleration of deferred issuance costs for calling and re-securitizing our secured borrowings at a lower cost of funds. 
 
 Discount on Retirement of Preferred Stock 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we repurchased and retired 1,882,451 shares of our series A preferred stock and 1,757,010 shares of our series B preferred stock in a series of repurchase transactions. The series A and series B preferred stock was repurchased for an aggregate of 88.7 million at an average price of 24.37 per share, representing a discount of approximately 2.5 to the face value of 25.00 per share. The repurchase of the preferred stock caused the recognition of 8.2 million of preferred stock discount during the year ended December 31, 2022. The repurchase is expected to save us approximately 5.6 million annually in preferred dividends. There was no repurchase of preferred stock during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020. 

Equity and Net Book Value per Share 
 
 Our net book value per common share was 13.00 and 15.92 at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The decrease in book value was primarily due to the year to date net loss attributable to common stockholders of 28.7 million, the effect of mark to market adjustments of 26.7 million on our investments in debt securities and dividends on our common stock of 24.5 million, partially offset by the repurchase of 475,355 shares of our common stock at an average price of 9.77 per share and the removal of our convertible senior notes from the calculation due to their antidilutive effect on our earnings per share. We believe our calculation is representative of our book value on a per share basis, and our Manager believes book value per share is a valuable metric for evaluating our business. The net book value per share is calculated by taking equity at the balance sheet date (i) less preferred stock and non-controlling interest, (ii) adjusted for any addition for potential conversion of 
 59 

our 2024 Notes, divided by outstanding shares at the balance sheet date adjusted to include (i) unvested restricted stock earned but unissued and (ii) any share equivalents for our 2024 notes or our put option liability as determined by the dilution requirements for our EPS calculation. A breakdown of our book value per share is set forth in the table below in thousands except per share amounts): 
 
 Table 7: Book Value per Common Share As of December 31, 2022 2021 Outstanding shares 23,130,956 23,146,775 Adjustments for: Unvested grants of restricted stock and shares earned but not issued as of the date indicated 10,580 3,470 Conversion of convertible senior notes into shares of common stock (1) 
 7,228,910 Settlement of put option in shares (2) 
 Total adjusted shares outstanding 23,141,536 30,379,155 Equity at period end 337,465 500,473 Net increase in equity from expected conversion of convertible senior notes (1) 
 101,511 Adjustment for equity due to preferred shares (34,554) (115,144) Net adjustment for equity due to non-controlling interests (2,137) (3,178) Adjusted equity 300,774 483,662 Book value per share 13.00 15.92 
 (1) The conversion of convertible senior notes was removed as of December 31, 2022 due to it having an anti-dilutive effect on our earnings per share calculation. 
 (2) The settlement of the put option in shares is not included in the book value calculation as of December 31, 2022 or 2021 as it has an anti-dilutive effect on our earnings per share calculation. 

Mortgage Loan Portfolio 
 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we purchased 10.1 million and 185.7 million of RPLs with UPB of 11.2 million and 191.3 million, respectively, at 44.7 and 54.8 of property value, respectively, and 89.7 and 97.1 of UPB, respectively, including loans acquired from Ajax Mortgage Loan Trust 2019-C ("2019-C") in December 2021, wherein we acquired the outstanding equity certificate of 2019-C, resulting in recognition of the underlying loans on our consolidated balance sheet. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 we purchased 1.3 million and 91.5 million of NPLs with UPB of 1.5 million and 94.8 million, respectively, at 54.0 and 63.6 of the underlying property value, respectively, and 87.5 and 96.6 of UPB, respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we purchased no SBC loans, however, during the year ended 2021, we purchased 9.0 million of SBC loans with UPB of 8.9 million at 40.5 of the underlying property value and 101.4 of UPB. We ended the period with 1.0 billion for both our mortgage loans and aggregate UPB as of December 31, 2022 and 1.1 billion of mortgage loans with an aggregate UPB of 1.2 billion as of 2021. 
 
 60 

The following table shows loan portfolio acquisitions for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 in thousands): 
 
 Table 8: Loan Portfolio Acquisitions For the year ended December 31, 2022 2021 (1) 
 RPLs Count 45 1,006 UPB 11,233 191,250 Purchase price 10,081 185,654 Purchase price of UPB 89.7 97.1 NPLs Count 8 387 UPB 1,524 94,781 Purchase price 1,333 91,521 Purchase price of UPB 87.5 96.6 SBC loans Count 16 UPB 8,917 Purchase price 9,044 Purchase price of UPB 101.4 
 
 (1) During the fourth quarter of 2021 we acquired the remaining trust certificates of our non-consolidated joint venture, 2019-C resulting in the addition of 772 loans to our loan portfolio. Our 34.0 investment was previously reflected in our investment in debt securities and beneficial interests. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, 667 mortgage loans, representing 12.5 of our ending UPB, were liquidated. Comparatively, during the year ended 2021, 1,502 mortgage loans, representing 25.4 of our ending UPB, were liquidated. Our loan portfolio activity for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 are presented below in thousands): 
 
 Table 9: Loan Portfolio Activity For the year ended December 31, 2022 2021 Mortgage loans held-for-investment, net Mortgage loans held-for-sale, net Mortgage loans held-for-investment, net Mortgage loans held-for-sale, net Beginning carrying value 1,080,434 29,572 1,119,372 Mortgage loans acquired 11,414 286,219 Draws on SBC loans 20,689 Accretion recognized 59,971 65,953 460 Payments received on loans, net (193,951) (264,713) (1,851) Net reclassifications from/(to) mortgage loans held-for-sale, net 29,572 (29,572) (159,733) 159,733 Reclassifications to REO (4,699) (3,511) Sale of mortgage loans (128,770) Decrease in net present value of expected credit losses on mortgage loans and lower of cost or market adjustment 6,275 13,668 Other 68 2,490 Ending carrying value 989,084 1,080,434 29,572 
 
 61 

Table 10: Portfolio Composition 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, our portfolios consisted of the following in thousands): 
 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 No. of Loans 5,331 No. of Loans 5,941 Total UPB (1) 
 1,027,511 Total UPB (1) 
 1,165,841 Interest-Bearing Balance 939,115 Interest-Bearing Balance 1,069,407 Deferred Balance (2) 
 88,396 Deferred Balance (2) 
 96,434 Market Value of Collateral (3) 
 2,186,776 Market Value of Collateral (3) 
 2,193,143 Original Purchase Price/Total UPB 81.7 Original Purchase Price/Total UPB 82.0 Original Purchase Price/Market Value of Collateral 42.2 Original Purchase Price/Market Value of Collateral 47.1 Weighted Average Coupon 4.38 Weighted Average Coupon 4.33 Weighted Average LTV (4) 
 56.4 Weighted Average LTV (4) 
 63.7 Weighted Average Remaining Term (months) 293 Weighted Average Remaining Term (months) 295 No. of first liens 5,282 No. of first liens 5,883 No. of second liens 49 No. of second liens 58 RPLs 88.3 RPLs 87.5 NPLs 10.6 NPLs 10.8 SBC loans 1.1 SBC loans 1.7 No. of REO properties held-for-sale 39 No. of REO properties held-for-sale 31 Market Value of other REO (5) 
 7,437 Market Value of other REO (5) 
 6,611 Carrying value of debt securities and beneficial interests in trusts 417,262 Carrying value of debt securities and beneficial interests in trusts 494,361 Loans with 12 for 12 payments as an approximate percentage of UPB (6) 
 79.6 Loans with 12 for 12 payments as an approximate percentage of UPB (6) 
 72.3 Loans with 24 for 24 payments as an approximate percentage of UPB (7) 
 69.8 Loans with 24 for 24 payments as an approximate percentage of UPB (7) 
 63.9 
 
 (1) At December 31, 2022 and 2021, our loan portfolio consists of fixed rate (61.2 of UPB), ARM (6.8 of UPB) and Hybrid ARM (32.0 of UPB); and fixed rate (60.6 of UPB), ARM (7.5 of UPB) and Hybrid ARM (31.9 of UPB), respectively. 
 (2) Amounts that have been deferred in connection with a loan modification on which interest does not accrue. These amounts generally become payable at the time of maturity. 
 (3) As of the reporting date. 
 (4) UPB as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, divided by market value of collateral and weighted by the UPB of the loan. 
 (5) Market value of REO is based on net realizable value. Fair market value is determined based on appraisals, BPOs, or other market indicators of fair value including list price or contract price. 
 (6) Loans that have made at least 12 of the last 12 payments, or for which the full dollar amount to cover at least 12 payments has been made in the last 12 months. 
 (7) Loans that have made at least 24 of the last 24 payments, or for which the full dollar amount to cover at least 24 payments has been made in the last 24 months. 
 
 62 

Table 11: Portfolio Characteristics 
 
 The following tables present certain characteristics about our mortgage loans by year of origination as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 in thousands): 
 
 Portfolio at December 31, 2022 Years of Origination Mortgages held-for-investment, net After 2008 2006 2008 2005 and prior Number of loans 596 2,998 1,737 UPB 129,867 661,477 236,167 Percent of mortgage loan portfolio by year of origination 12.6 64.4 23.0 Loan Attributes: Weighted average loan age (months) 119.3 190.9 230.3 Weighted average loan-to-value 55.2 59.5 48.6 Delinquency Performance: Current 58.4 59.9 58.7 30 days delinquent 7.6 10.2 9.1 60 days delinquent 0.1 0.1 0.5 90+ days delinquent 27.3 24.2 26.6 Foreclosure 6.6 5.6 5.1 
 
 Portfolio at December 31, 2021 Years of Origination Mortgages held-for-investment, net After 2008 2006 2008 2005 and prior Number of loans 638 3,258 1,868 UPB 144,418 727,856 261,101 Percent of mortgage loan portfolio by year of origination 12.7 64.2 23.1 Loan Attributes: Weighted average loan age (months) 105.0 178.8 217.9 Weighted average loan-to-value 60.6 67.1 54.2 Delinquency Performance: Current 55.4 55.3 52.6 30 days delinquent 7.4 9.6 9.2 60 days delinquent 4.5 5.1 7.0 90+ days delinquent 27.2 23.7 27.1 Foreclosure 5.5 6.3 4.1 
 63 

Years of Origination Mortgages held-for-sale, net After 2008 2006 2008 2005 and prior Number of loans 25 82 70 UPB 4,791 17,464 10,211 Percent of mortgage loan portfolio by year of origination 14.8 53.8 31.4 Loan Attributes: Weighted average loan age (months) 125.5 178.3 217.2 Weighted average loan-to-value 64.2 83.6 74.5 Delinquency Performance: Current 45.0 44.0 48.8 30 days delinquent 5.5 15.7 12.0 60 days delinquent 3.6 8.4 9.4 90+ days delinquent 45.9 24.0 23.2 Foreclosure 7.9 6.6 
 
 Table 12: Loans by State 
 
 The following table identifies our mortgage loans by state, number of loans, loan value, collateral value and percentages thereof at December 31, 2022 and 2021 in thousands): 
 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 State Count UPB UPB Collateral 
 Value (1) 
 of Collateral Value State Count UPB UPB Collateral 
 Value (1) 
 of Collateral Value CA 704 226,963 22.1 525,595 24.0 CA 774 254,732 21.8 542,547 24.7 FL 862 174,303 17.0 376,233 17.2 FL 998 197,755 17.0 350,213 16.0 NY 354 107,425 10.5 216,384 9.9 NY 370 115,297 10.0 209,610 9.6 NJ 285 64,085 6.2 111,284 5.1 NJ 311 72,179 6.3 109,171 5.0 MD 212 50,034 4.9 84,185 3.8 MD 240 57,412 4.9 88,757 4.0 VA 176 37,361 3.6 67,647 3.1 VA 186 39,780 3.4 66,701 3.0 TX 337 33,903 3.3 90,805 4.2 TX 372 37,838 3.2 88,631 4.0 GA 283 33,157 3.2 80,103 3.7 IL 218 37,505 3.2 54,622 2.5 IL 194 32,297 3.1 50,732 2.3 GA 301 36,733 3.2 73,635 3.4 MA 148 30,086 2.9 67,160 3.1 MA 163 34,322 2.9 68,812 3.1 NC 199 24,800 2.4 57,711 2.6 NC 227 32,371 2.8 67,322 3.1 AZ 105 19,393 1.9 44,743 2.0 AZ 119 23,270 2.0 47,579 2.2 PA 175 18,617 1.8 34,307 1.6 PA 193 21,302 1.8 35,222 1.6 WA 81 18,464 1.8 47,159 2.2 WA 91 20,578 1.8 46,555 2.1 NV 70 13,094 1.3 30,572 1.4 SC 127 14,381 1.2 25,379 1.2 SC 113 12,194 1.2 25,940 1.2 NV 75 13,992 1.2 29,298 1.3 CT 67 11,187 1.1 20,317 0.9 CT 75 12,980 1.1 20,634 0.9 OH 95 9,977 1.0 18,253 0.8 OR 63 12,275 1.1 26,938 1.2 TN 89 8,625 0.8 21,987 1.0 OH 106 12,109 1.0 19,242 0.9 OR 53 8,466 0.8 22,066 1.0 TN 108 10,884 0.9 23,233 1.0 IN 86 7,901 0.8 16,094 0.7 IN 99 9,414 0.8 16,833 0.8 MI 68 7,846 0.8 16,703 0.8 MI 80 9,331 0.8 18,099 0.8 CO 39 6,956 0.7 21,269 1.0 CO 43 8,127 0.7 21,188 1.0 LA 65 6,285 0.6 11,702 0.5 MO 61 6,957 0.6 11,624 0.5 UT 36 5,698 0.6 17,110 0.8 LA 71 6,885 0.6 11,573 0.5 MN 33 5,597 0.5 10,437 0.5 UT 39 6,156 0.5 16,978 0.8 MO 51 5,437 0.5 10,426 0.5 MN 35 5,881 0.5 10,205 0.5 DE 28 5,052 0.5 8,095 0.4 WI 44 5,771 0.5 8,829 0.4 DC 15 4,501 0.4 8,464 0.4 AL 49 5,613 0.5 7,872 0.4 WI 37 4,310 0.4 7,831 0.4 DE 30 5,416 0.5 7,779 0.4 
 64 

December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 State Count UPB UPB Collateral 
 Value (1) 
 of Collateral Value State Count UPB UPB Collateral 
 Value (1) 
 of Collateral Value AL 40 3,623 0.4 5,748 0.3 DC 16 5,039 0.4 9,182 0.4 NM 23 3,590 0.3 6,758 0.3 HI 11 3,941 0.3 7,058 0.3 HI 10 3,508 0.3 7,321 0.3 NM 24 3,784 0.3 6,143 0.3 KY 28 3,386 0.3 6,175 0.3 KY 29 3,504 0.3 5,777 0.3 RI 13 2,926 0.3 5,377 0.2 RI 15 3,236 0.3 5,203 0.2 NH 15 2,745 0.3 5,662 0.3 NH 16 3,006 0.3 5,450 0.2 MS 23 1,879 0.2 3,398 0.2 OK 22 2,104 0.2 3,768 0.2 OK 19 1,761 0.2 3,633 0.2 MS 25 2,025 0.2 3,327 0.2 ID 10 1,377 0.1 4,072 0.2 KS 22 1,593 0.1 3,713 0.2 KS 17 1,300 0.1 3,306 0.2 ID 11 1,569 0.1 3,995 0.2 IA 13 1,035 0.1 1,830 0.1 ME 9 1,296 0.1 2,118 0.1 WV 10 989 0.1 1,831 0.1 WV 13 1,283 0.1 2,095 0.1 ME 7 944 0.1 1,860 0.1 IA 14 1,137 0.1 1,837 0.1 PR 6 865 0.1 948 MT 6 1,003 0.1 1,966 0.1 MT 5 861 0.1 1,946 0.1 PR 6 884 0.1 929 AR 14 735 0.1 1,593 AR 15 863 0.1 1,592 0.1 SD 5 691 0.1 1,726 SD 5 713 0.1 1,524 0.1 VT 3 514 0.1 547 VT 3 520 493 NE 5 389 997 NE 5 408 886 WY 2 238 302 ND 3 388 580 ND 2 87 239 WY 2 244 257 AK 1 54 193 AK 1 55 169 Total 5,331 1,027,511 100.0 2,186,776 100.0 Total 5,941 1,165,841 100.0 2,193,143 100.0 
 
 (1) As of the reporting date. 

Table 13: Debt Securities and Trust Certificate Acquisitions 
 
 The following table shows our debt securities and trust certificate acquisitions for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 in thousands): 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022 2021 Class A securities UPB 102,252 255,451 Purchase price (1,2) 
 98,227 254,210 Purchase price of UPB 96.1 99.5 Class M securities UPB 8,120 1,943 Purchase price (1,2) 
 6,533 1,943 Purchase price of UPB 80.5 100.0 Class B securities UPB 14,951 36,993 Purchase price (1,2) 
 11,600 33,663 Purchase price of UPB 77.6 91.0 Trust certificates Purchase price (1,2) 
 14,206 53,118 
 
 (1) The securities were received in exchange for our investments in 2018-D and -G and 2019-A and -B and include cash and non-cash components for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 (2) The securities were received in exchange for our investments in Ajax Mortgage Loan Trust 2020-C and Ajax Mortgage Loan Trust 2020-D and include cash and non-cash components for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 65 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 Source and Uses of Cash 
 
 Our primary sources of cash have consisted of proceeds from our securities offerings, our secured borrowings, repurchase agreements, principal and interest payments on our loan portfolio, principal paydowns on securities, and sales of properties held-for-sale. Depending on market conditions, we expect that our primary financing sources will continue to include secured borrowings, repurchase agreements, and securities offerings in addition to transaction or asset specific funding arrangements and credit facilities (including term loans and revolving facilities). We expect that these sources of funds will be sufficient to meet our short-term and long-term liquidity needs. We believe we have access to adequate resources to meet the needs of our existing operations, mandatory capital expenditures, dividend payments, and working capital, to the extent not funded by cash provided by operating activities. However, we expect market events, including inflation and the related Federal Reserve bank actions, may adversely impact our future operating cash flows due to the inability of some of our borrowers to make scheduled payments on time or at all, and through increased interest rates on secured borrowings and repurchase lines of credit. From time to time, we may invest with third parties and acquire interests in loans and other real estate assets through investments in joint ventures using special purpose entities that can result in investments at fair value and investments in beneficial interests, which are included on our consolidated balance sheet. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, substantially all of our invested capital was in RPLs, NPLs, SBC loans, debt securities, and beneficial interests. We also held approximately 47.8 million of cash and cash equivalents, a decrease of 36.6 million from our balance of 84.4 million at December 31, 2021, which was a decrease of 22.7 million from our balance of 107.1 million at 2020. Our average daily cash balance during the year ended December 31, 2022 was 60.9 million, a decrease from our average daily cash balance of 99.1 million during the year ended 2021 and a decrease from our average daily cash balance of 110.5 million during the year ended 2020. 
 
 Our collections of principal and interest payments on mortgages and securities, and payoffs and proceeds on the sale of our property held-for-sale were 261.2 million, 318.5 million and 240.3 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 Annual Operating, Investing and Financing Cash Flows 
 
 Our operating cash inflows for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 1.1 million. Our operating cash outflows for the year ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 were 18.2 million and 14.1 million, respectively. Our primary operating cash inflow is cash interest payments on our mortgage loan pools of 46.6 million, 47.6 million and 48.8 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Non-cash interest income accretion on our mortgage loans was 13.8 million, 19.5 million and 29.0 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 respectively. Interest income on beneficial interests was 10.8 million, 16.0 million and 11.8 million during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Interest income on debt securities was 10.6 million, 11.0 million and 9.9 million during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 Though the ownership of mortgage loans and other real estate assets is our business, U.S. GAAP requires that operating cash flows do not include the portion of principal payments that are allocable to the discount we recognize on our mortgage loans including proceeds from loans that pay in full or are liquidated in a short sale or third party sale at foreclosure or the proceeds on the sales of our property held-for-sale. These activities are all considered to be investing activities under U.S. GAAP, and the cash flows from these activities are included in the investing section of our consolidated statements of cash flows. 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, our investing cash inflows of 223.1 million were driven by proceeds from refinancing and sale of our debt securities and beneficial interests of 147.9 million, principal payments on and payoffs of our mortgage loan portfolio of 147.3 million and principal and interest collections on our securities of 68.2 million, partially offset by the purchase of securities of 129.1 million, acquisitions of our mortgage loans of 11.4 million and the purchase of additional shares of common stock in Gaea of 6.1 million. For the year ended December 31, 2021, our investing cash outflows of 50.2 million were driven primarily by the purchases of debt securities and beneficial interests of 341.8 million and acquisitions of mortgage loans of 286.2 million. This was offset by proceeds from principal payments on and payoffs of our mortgage loan portfolio of 218.8 million, principal payments and interest collections on our securities of 155.2 million, the sale of 90.2 million of debt securities held as investments and the proceeds from the sale of loans from our 2017-D mortgage loan trust of 126.0 million. For the year ended December 31, 2020 our investing cash inflows of 24.2 million were driven primarily by the proceeds from principal payments on and payoffs of our mortgage loan portfolio of 127.5 million, principal 
 66 

and interest collections on our securities of 53.5 million, the sale of 38.9 million of debt securities held as investments and the sale of our mortgage loans to Gaea in the amount of 25.4 million. This was offset by purchases of debt securities and beneficial interests of 144.7 million and acquisitions of mortgage loans of 89.0 million. 
 
 Our financing cash flows are driven primarily by funding used to acquire mortgage loan pools and debt securities. We fund our mortgage loan pools primarily through secured borrowings and repurchase agreements and we fund our debt securities primarily through repurchase agreements. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we had net financing cash outflows of 260.8 million primarily driven by repayments of 284.1 million on repurchase transactions and pay downs of existing debt obligations of 111.0 million on secured borrowings, partially offset by additional borrowing through repurchase transactions of 183.9 million. We repurchased 125.0 million of our preferred stock and warrants, net of discount, which was partially funded by issuing 106.1 million of unsecured debt, net of discount and deferred expenses. For the year ended December 31, 2021, we had net financing cash inflows of 45.7 million due to the borrowings through repurchase transactions of 560.6 million and secured debt of 391.0 million, offset by repayments of 435.7 million on repurchase transactions and pay downs of existing debt obligations of 393.0 million on secured debt. We purchased the remaining 37 ownership of the Class B notes and trust certificates of 2018-C for a total of 17.2 million. We had net financing cash inflows for the year ended December 31, 2020 of 32.7 million due to the issuance of our preferred stock and warrants, net of any offering costs for 125.0 million in a series of private placements to institutional accredited investors. Financing cash flows were also impacted by additional borrowings through repurchase transactions of 315.4 million and secured debt of 114.5 million, offset by repayments of 308.3 million on repurchase transactions and pay downs of existing debt obligations of 183.5 million on secured debt. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, we paid 31.1 million, 29.2 million and 17.8 million, respectively, in combined dividends and distributions. 

Financing Activities Equity Offerings 
 
 On February 28, 2020, our Board of Directors approved a stock repurchase of up to 25.0 million of our common shares. The amount and timing of any repurchases depends on a number of factors, including but not limited to the price and availability of the common shares, trading volume and general circumstances and market conditions. As of December 31, 2022, we held 1,031,609 shares of treasury stock consisting of 144,658 shares received through distributions of our shares previously held by our Manager, 361,912 shares received through our Servicer and 525,039 shares acquired through open market purchases. As of December 31, 2021, we held 147,370 shares of treasury stock consisting of 97,686 shares received through distributions of our shares previously held by our Manager and 49,684 shares acquired through open market purchases. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we repurchased and retired 1,882,451 shares of our series A preferred stock and 1,757,010 shares of our series B preferred stock in a series of repurchase transactions. The series A and series B preferred stock was repurchased for an aggregate of 88.7 million at an average price of 24.37 per share, representing a discount of approximately 2.5 to the face value of 25.00 per share. The repurchase of the preferred stock caused the recognition of 8.2 million of discount during the year ended December 31, 2022. The repurchase is expected to save us approximately 5.6 million annually in preferred dividends. There were no repurchases of preferred stock during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020. Also, during the year ended December 31, 2022, we repurchased and retired 4,549,328 of our outstanding warrants for 35.0 million resulting in the acceleration of 12.3 million of accretion expense, which will result in less accretion expense in future periods. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we sold 613,337 shares of common stock for proceeds, net of issuance costs of 4.8 million under our At the Market program, which we sell, through our agents, shares of common stock with an aggregate offering price of up to 100.0 million. Comparatively, during the year ended December 31, 2021, we sold 24,951 shares of common stock for proceeds, net of issuance costs of 0.3 million under our At the Market program. During the year ended December 31, 2020, we did not sell any shares of common stock under our At the Market program. In accordance with the terms of the agreements, we may offer and sell shares of our common stock at any time and from time to time through the sales agents. Sales of the shares, if any, will be made by means of ordinary brokers transactions on the NYSE or otherwise at market prices prevailing at the time of the sale. 

Financing Activities Secured Borrowings, 2024 Notes and 2027 Notes 
 
 Secured Borrowings 
 
 From our inception (January 30, 2014) to December 31, 2022, we have completed 18 secured borrowings, not including borrowings we completed for our non-consolidated joint ventures (See "Table 18: Investments in joint ventures"), through securitization trusts pursuant to Rule 144A under the Securities Act, five of which were outstanding at December 31, 2022. The secured borrowings are generally structured as debt financings. The loans included in the secured borrowings remain 
 67 

on our consolidated balance sheet as we are the primary beneficiary of the securitizations trusts, which are VIEs. The securitization VIEs are structured as pass through entities that receive principal and interest on the underlying mortgages and distribute those payments to the holders of the notes. Our exposure to the obligations of the VIEs is generally limited to our investments in the entities. The notes that are issued by the securitization trusts are secured solely by the mortgages held by the applicable trusts and not by any of our other assets. The mortgage loans of the applicable trusts are the only source of repayment and interest on the notes issued by such trusts. We do not guarantee any of the obligations of the trusts under the terms of the agreement governing the notes or otherwise. 
 
 Our non-rated secured borrowings are generally structured with Class A notes, subordinated notes, and trust certificates, which have rights to the residual interests in the mortgages once the notes are repaid. We have retained the subordinate notes and the applicable trust certificates from one non-rated secured borrowing outstanding at December 31, 2022. 
 
 Our rated secured borrowings are generally structured as REIT TMP transactions which allows us to issue multiple classes of securities without using a REMIC structure or being subject to an entity level tax. Our rated secured borrowings generally issue classes of debt from AAA through mezzanine. We generally retain the mezzanine and residual certificates in the transactions. We have retained the applicable mezzanine and residual certificates from the other four rated secured borrowings outstanding at December 31, 2022. Our rated secured borrowings are designated in the table below. 
 
 At March 31, 2021, our 2017-D secured borrowing contained Class A notes and Class B certificates representing the residual interests in the mortgages held within the securitization trusts subsequent to repayment of the Class A debt. We had retained 50.0 of both the Class A notes and Class B certificates from 2017-D; and the assets and liabilities were included on our consolidated balance sheets. During the second quarter of 2021, the majority of the loans in 2017-D were sold into 2021-C and the Class A note was redeemed. Based on the structure of the transaction we do not consolidate 2021-C under U.S. GAAP. 
 
 Our secured borrowings carry no provision for a step-up in interest rate on any of the Class B notes, except for 2021-B. 
 
 The following table sets forth the original terms of all outstanding notes from our secured borrowings outstanding at December 31, 2022 at their respective cutoff dates: 
 
 Table 14: Secured Borrowings 
 
 Issuing Trust/Issue Date Interest Rate Step-up Date Security Original Principal Interest Rate Rated Ajax Mortgage Loan Trust 2019-D/ July 2019 July 25, 2027 Class A-1 notes due 2065 140.4 million 2.96 July 25, 2027 Class A-2 notes due 2065 6.1 million 3.50 July 25, 2027 Class A-3 notes due 2065 10.1 million 3.50 July 25, 2027 Class M-1 notes due 2065 (1) 
 9.3 million 3.50 None Class B-1 notes due 2065 (2) 
 7.5 million 3.50 None Class B-2 notes due 2065 (2) 
 7.1 million variable (3) 
 None Class B-3 notes due 2065 (2) 
 12.8 million variable (3) 
 Deferred issuance costs (2.7) million Rated Ajax Mortgage Loan Trust 2019-F/ November 2019 November 25, 2026 Class A-1 notes due 2059 110.1 million 2.86 November 25, 2026 Class A-2 notes due 2059 12.5 million 3.50 November 25, 2026 Class A-3 notes due 2059 5.1 million 3.50 November 25, 2026 Class M-1 notes due 2059 (1) 
 6.1 million 3.50 None Class B-1 notes due 2059 (2) 
 11.5 million 3.50 None Class B-2 notes due 2059 (2) 
 10.4 million variable (3) 
 None Class B-3 notes due 2059 (2) 
 15.1 million variable (3) 
 Deferred issuance costs (1.8) million 
 68 

Issuing Trust/Issue Date Interest Rate Step-up Date Security Original Principal Interest Rate Rated Ajax Mortgage Loan Trust 2020-B/ August 2020 July 25, 2027 Class A-1 notes due 2059 97.2 million 1.70 July 25, 2027 Class A-2 notes due 2059 17.3 million 2.86 July 25, 2027 Class M-1 notes due 2059 (1) 
 7.3 million 3.70 None Class B-1 notes due 2059 (2) 
 5.9 million 3.70 None Class B-2 notes due 2059 (2) 
 5.1 million variable (3) 
 None Class B-3 notes due 2059 (2) 
 23.6 million variable (3) 
 Deferred issuance costs (1.8) million Rated Ajax Mortgage Loan Trust 2021-A/ January 2021 January 25, 2029 Class A-1 notes due 2065 146.2 million 1.07 January 25, 2029 Class A-2 notes due 2065 21.1 million 2.35 January 25, 2029 Class M-1 notes due 2065 (1) 
 7.8 million 3.15 None Class B-1 notes due 2065 (2) 
 5.0 million 3.80 None Class B-2 notes due 2065 (2) 
 5.0 million variable (3) 
 None Class B-3 notes due 2065 (2) 
 21.5 million variable (3) 
 Deferred issuance costs (2.5) million Non-rated Ajax Mortgage Loan Trust 2021-B/ February 2021 August 25, 2024 Class A notes due 2066 215.9 million 2.24 February 25, 2025 Class B notes due 2066 (2) 
 20.2 million 4.00 Deferred issuance costs (4.3) million 
 
 (1) The Class M notes are subordinated, sequential pay, fixed rate notes. We have retained the Class M notes, with the exception of Ajax Mortgage Loan Trust 2021-A. 
 (2) The Class B notes are subordinated, sequential pay, with B-2 and B-3 notes having variable interest rates and subordinate to the Class B-1 notes. The Class B-1 notes are fixed rate notes. We have retained the Class B notes. 
 (3) The interest rate is effectively the rate equal to the spread between the gross average rate of interest the trust collects on its mortgage loan portfolio minus the rate derived from the sum of the servicing fee and other expenses of the trust. 
 
 2024 Notes (Convertible Senior Notes) 
 
 During 2017 and 2018, we completed the public offer and sale of our 2024 Notes, in three separate offerings which form a single series of fungible securities. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the UPB of the debt was 104.5 million and 104.6 million, respectively. The 2024 Notes bear interest at a rate of 7.25 per annum, payable quarterly in arrears on January 15, April 15, July 15 and October 15 of each year. The 2024 Notes will mature on April 30, 2024, unless earlier repurchased, converted or redeemed. During certain periods and subject to certain conditions the 2024 Notes will be convertible by their holders into shares of our common stock at a current conversion rate of 1.7405 shares of common stock per 25.00 principal amount of the 2024 Notes, which represents a conversion price of approximately 14.36 per share of common stock. The conversion rate, and thus the conversion price, may be subject to adjustment under certain circumstances. (See "Critical Accounting Policies" above.) 
 
 2027 Notes (Unsecured Notes) 
 
 During August 2022, our Operating Partnership issued 110.0 million aggregate principal amount of 8.875 2027 Notes. The 2027 Notes were issued at 99.009 of par value and are fully and unconditionally guaranteed by the Guarantors. (See "Critical Accounting Policies" above.) 
 
 Under the indenture governing the 2027 Notes, a subsidiary guarantor's guarantee will terminate upon: (i) the sale, exchange, disposition or other transfer (including by way of consolidation or merger) of the subsidiary guarantor or the sale or 
 69 

disposition of all or substantially all the assets of the subsidiary guarantor otherwise permitted by the indenture, (ii) satisfaction of the requirements for legal or covenant defeasance or discharge of the 2027 Notes, or (iii) no default or event of default has occurred and is continuing under the indenture. 
 
 The following table presents summarized financial information for the Guarantors and our Operating Partnership, on a combined basis after eliminating (i) intercompany transactions and balances among the guarantor entities and (ii) equity in earnings from, and any investments in, any subsidiary that is a non-guarantor in thousands): 
 
 Table 15: Summary of Issuer and Guarantor Financial Statements 
 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Total assets 455,096 570,426 Borrowings under repurchase transactions 206,872 274,826 Convertible senior notes and notes payable, net 210,302 102,845 Other liabilities 46,401 42,186 Total liabilities 463,575 419,857 Total equity (deficit) (8,479) 150,569 Total liabilities and equity 455,096 570,426 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022 Total revenue, net 26,596 Management fees and loan servicing fees 7,065 Acceleration of put option settlement 12,344 Other expenses 19,835 Consolidated net loss attributable to the Company (12,648) Less: dividends and recognition of discount on retirement of preferred stock 13,668 Consolidated net loss attributable to common stockholders (26,316) 

Repurchase Transactions 
 
 We have two repurchase facilities whereby we, through two wholly owned Delaware trusts (the Trusts ), acquire pools of mortgage loans, which are then sold by the Trusts, as Seller to two separate counterparties, the buyer or buyers. One facility has a ceiling of 150.0 million and the other 400.0 million at any one time. Upon the time of the initial sale to the buyer, each Trust, with a simultaneous agreement, also agrees to repurchase the pools of mortgage loans from the buyer. Mortgage loans sold under these facilities carry interest calculated based on a spread to one-month SOFR, which are fixed for the term of the borrowing. The purchase price that the Trust realizes upon the initial sale of the mortgage loans to the buyer can vary between 75 and 90 of the asset s acquisition price, depending upon the facility being utilized and/or the quality of the underlying collateral. The obligations of the Trust to repurchase these mortgage loans at a future date are guaranteed by the Operating Partnership. The difference between the market value of the asset and the amount of the repurchase agreement is generally the amount of equity we have in the position and is intended to provide the buyer with some protection against fluctuations in the value of the collateral, and/or a failure by us to repurchase the asset and repay the borrowing at maturity. We also have four repurchase facilities substantially similar to the mortgage loan repurchase facilities where the pledged assets are securities retained from our securitization transactions. These facilities have no effective ceilings. Each repurchase transaction represents its own borrowing. As such, the ceilings associated with these transactions are the amounts currently borrowed at any one time. We have effective control over the assets subject to all of these transactions; therefore, our repurchase transactions are accounted for as financing arrangements. 
 
 A summary of our outstanding repurchase transactions at December 31, 2022 and 2021 is as follows in thousands): 
 
 70 

Table 16: Repurchase Transactions by Maturity Date December 31, 2022 Maturity Date Amount Outstanding Amount of Collateral Interest Rate Barclays - bonds (1) 
 126,458 181,667 6.10 A Bonds January 3, 2023 12,345 18,399 5.33 January 20, 2023 47,591 64,692 5.76 April 26, 2023 27,655 37,216 6.60 May 3, 2023 11,879 15,535 5.97 May 22, 2023 2,107 3,421 6.17 B Bonds March 13, 2023 12,639 20,755 6.45 April 26, 2023 2,943 5,174 7.00 May 3, 2023 3,627 6,405 6.77 May 22, 2023 4,306 7,606 6.77 M Bonds May 3, 2023 292 521 6.12 May 22, 2023 1,074 1,943 6.37 Nomura - bonds (1) 
 35,742 55,303 6.02 A Bonds January 12, 2023 3,910 5,458 5.32 February 14, 2023 6,481 9,818 5.81 February 24, 2023 3,795 5,178 6.05 March 23, 2023 11,186 17,202 6.08 B Bonds February 14, 2023 5,619 9,542 6.24 February 24, 2023 1,054 1,689 6.45 March 23, 2023 3,697 6,416 6.48 Goldman Sachs - bonds (1) 
 3,102 4,044 5.58 A Bonds January 13, 2023 3,102 4,044 5.58 JP Morgan - bonds (1) 
 56,656 82,071 5.59 A Bonds March 7, 2023 11,103 14,836 5.62 March 24, 2023 22,131 30,215 5.41 B Bonds February 3, 2023 7,846 13,583 5.86 M Bonds March 7, 2023 490 893 5.85 April 11, 2023 15,086 22,544 5.70 JP Morgan - loans (2) 
 July 10, 2023 11,750 17,839 6.90 Nomura - loans (3) 
 October 5, 2023 212,147 292,415 6.65 Totals/weighted averages 445,855 633,339 (4) 6.31 
 
 (1) Maximum borrowing capacity subject to pledging sufficient collateral is the equivalent of the amount outstanding as of December 31, 2022. 
 (2) Maximum borrowing capacity subject to pledging sufficient collateral as of December 31, 2022 was 150.0 million. 
 (3) Maximum borrowing capacity subject to pledging sufficient collateral as of December 31, 2022 was 400.0 million. 
 (4) Includes 42.8 million of bonds that are consolidated on our balance sheet for GAAP as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 December 31, 2021 Maturity Date Amount Outstanding Amount of Collateral Interest Rate Barclays - bonds (1) 
 126,344 162,160 1.09 A Bonds March 8, 2022 7,318 9,710 1.19 March 16, 2022 40,957 55,178 1.21 March 21, 2022 30,850 41,413 1.26 March 22, 2022 36,093 40,091 0.69 B Bonds March 16, 2022 4,258 6,232 1.46 
 71 

December 31, 2021 Maturity Date Amount Outstanding Amount of Collateral Interest Rate March 21, 2022 2,629 3,758 1.56 March 22, 2022 2,698 3,835 1.49 M Bonds March 22, 2022 1,541 1,943 1.16 Nomura - bonds (1) 
 80,674 107,860 1.43 A Bonds January 6, 2022 6,567 8,484 1.33 January 12, 2022 4,978 6,554 1.32 January 27, 2022 2,206 3,065 1.30 January 28, 2022 17,623 22,908 1.33 February 18, 2022 9,275 12,323 1.36 March 17, 2022 12,329 16,226 1.42 March 25, 2022 15,443 20,657 1.41 B Bonds February 11, 2022 3,094 4,434 1.75 February 24, 2022 3,538 5,111 1.77 March 17, 2022 1,177 1,686 1.82 March 25, 2022 4,444 6,412 1.81 Goldman Sachs - bonds (1) 
 14,659 18,672 1.18 A Bonds January 14, 2022 4,992 6,438 1.17 January 20, 2022 9,667 12,234 1.18 JP Morgan - bonds (1) 
 82,030 108,282 1.29 A Bonds April 1, 2022 28,482 37,753 1.36 June 10, 2022 6,220 7,220 1.29 B Bonds January 13, 2022 2,850 4,052 1.31 February 11, 2022 11,272 16,087 1.36 June 10, 2022 13,992 20,155 1.49 M Bonds April 19, 2022 19,214 23,015 1.02 JP Morgan - loans (2) 
 July 8, 2022 13,824 20,856 2.60 Nomura - loans (3) 
 September 22, 2022 228,523 300,324 2.36 Totals/weighted averages 546,054 718,154 (4) 1.74 
 
 (1) Maximum borrowing capacity subject to pledging sufficient collateral is the equivalent of the amount outstanding as of December 31, 2021. 
 (2) Maximum borrowing capacity subject to pledging sufficient collateral as of December 31, 2021 was 150.0 million. 
 (3) Maximum borrowing capacity subject to pledging sufficient collateral as of December 31, 2021 was 400.0 million. 
 (4) Includes 42.8 million of bonds that are consolidated on our balance sheet for GAAP as of December 31, 2021. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 445.9 million outstanding under our repurchase transactions compared to 546.1 million as of December 31, 2021. The maximum month-end balance outstanding during the year ended December 31, 2022 was 548.9 million, compared to a maximum month-end balance for the year ended 2021 of 563.0 million. The following table presents certain details of our repurchase transactions for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 in thousands): 
 
 Table 17: Repurchase Balances 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022 2021 Balance at the end of year 445,855 546,054 Maximum month-end balance outstanding during the year 548,876 562,999 Average balance 497,687 369,858 
 
 72 

The increase in our average balance from 369.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 497.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 as a result of certain assets being on the repurchase line for the entire year. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we did not have any credit facilities or other outstanding debt obligations other than the repurchase facilities, secured borrowings, put option liability, 2024 Notes and 2027 Notes. 
 
 We are not required by our investment guidelines to maintain any specific debt-to-equity ratio, and we believe that the appropriate leverage for the particular assets we hold depends on the credit quality and risk of those assets, as well as the general availability and terms of stable and reliable financing for those assets. 

Dividends 
 
 We may declare dividends based on, among other things, our earnings, our financial condition, our working capital needs, new opportunities, and distribution requirements imposed on REITs. The declaration of dividends to our stockholders and the amount of such dividends are at the discretion of our Board of Directors. 
 
 On March 2, 2023, our Board of Directors declared a dividend of 0.25 per share, to be paid on March 31, 2023 to stockholders of record as of March 17, 2023. Our Management Agreement with our Manager requires the payment of an incentive management fee above the amount of the base management fee if either, (1) for any quarterly incentive fee, the sum of cash dividends on our common stock paid out of our taxable income plus any quarterly increase in book value, all calculated on an annualized basis, exceed 8 of our book value, or (2) for any annual incentive fee, the value of quarterly cash dividends on our common stock plus cash special dividends on our common stock paid out of our taxable income, plus the increase in our book value, taken together exceeds 8 (on an annualized basis) of our stock s book value at the end of the year. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we recorded incentive fees payable to the Manager of 0.3 million. Comparatively, during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 we recorded no incentive fee payable to the Manager. Our dividend payments are driven by the amount of our taxable income, subject to IRS rules for maintaining our status as a REIT. 
 
 Our most recently declared quarterly dividend represents a payment of approximately 7.69 on an annualized basis of our book value of 13.00 per share at December 31, 2022. If our taxable income increases, we could exceed the threshold for paying an incentive fee to our Manager, and thereby trigger such payments. See Note 10 Related Party Transactions. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 
 Other than our investments in debt securities and beneficial interests issued by joint ventures, which are summarized below by securitization trust, and our equity method investments discussed elsewhere in this report, we do not have any relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, such as entities often referred to as structured finance or special purpose entities, which would have been established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements or other contractually narrow or limited purposes. Further, we have not guaranteed any obligations of unconsolidated entities nor do we have any commitment or intent to provide funding to any such entities. As such, we are not materially exposed to any market, credit, liquidity or financing risk that could arise if we had engaged in such relationships. 
 
 Table 18: Investments in Joint Ventures 
 
 We form joint ventures with third party institutional accredited investors to purchase mortgage loans and other mortgage related assets. The debt securities and beneficial interests we carry on our consolidated balance sheets are issued by securitization trusts formed by these joint ventures, which are VIEs, that we have sponsored but which we do not consolidate since we have determined we are not the primary beneficiary. 
 
 A summary of our investments in joint ventures is presented below in thousands): 
 
 Great Ajax Corp. Ownership Issuing Trust/Issue Date Security Total Original Outstanding Principal Coupon Ownership Percent Original Stated or Notional Principal Balance Retained Current Owned Stated or Notional Principal Balance Retained Ajax Mortgage Loan Trust 2018-A/ April 2018 Class A notes due 2058 91,036 3.85 Trust certificates 22,759 9.36 2,130 98 
 73 

Great Ajax Corp. Ownership Issuing Trust/Issue Date Security Total Original Outstanding Principal Coupon Ownership Percent Original Stated or Notional Principal Balance Retained Current Owned Stated or Notional Principal Balance Retained Ajax Mortgage Loan Trust 2018-B/ June 2018 Class A notes due 2057 66,374 3.75 Trust certificates 28,447 20.00 5,689 2,513 Ajax Mortgage Loan Trust 2018-D/ September 2018 Class A notes due 2058 80,664 3.75 20.00 16,133 Trust certificates 20,166 20.00 4,033 790 Ajax Mortgage Loan Trust 2018-E/ December 2018 Class A notes due 2058 86,089 4.38 Class B notes due 2058 8,035 5.25 Trust certificates 20,662 20.00 4,132 743 Ajax Mortgage Loan Trust 2018-F/ December 2018 Class A notes due 2058 180,002 4.38 Class B notes due 2058 16,800 5.25 Trust certificates 43,201 20.00 8,640 3,964 Ajax Mortgage Loan Trust 2019-E/ September 2019 Class A notes due 2059 181,101 3.00 6.55 11,862 3,622 Class B notes due 2059 16,903 4.88 20.00 3,381 3,381 Trust certificates 43,464 20.00 8,693 8,558 Ajax Mortgage Loan Trust 2019-G/ December 2019 Class A notes due 2059 141,420 3.00 5.86 8,287 5,303 Class B notes due 2059 13,199 4.25 20.00 2,640 2,640 Trust certificates 33,941 20.00 6,788 6,820 Ajax Mortgage Loan Trust 2019-H/ December 2019 Class A notes due 2059 90,381 3.00 20.00 18,076 5,064 Class B notes due 2059 8,435 4.25 20.00 1,687 1,687 Trust certificates 21,692 20.00 4,338 4,375 Ajax Mortgage Loan Trust 2020-A/ March 2020 Class A notes due 2059 249,384 2.38 20.00 49,877 29,166 Class B notes due 2059 23,276 3.50 20.00 4,655 4,428 Trust certificates 59,852 20.00 11,970 11,934 Ajax Mortgage Loan Trust 2020-C/ September 2020 Class A notes due 2060 339,365 2.25 10.01 33,970 1,216 
 74 

Great Ajax Corp. Ownership Issuing Trust/Issue Date Security Total Original Outstanding Principal Coupon Ownership Percent Original Stated or Notional Principal Balance Retained Current Owned Stated or Notional Principal Balance Retained Class B notes due 2060 21,754 5.00 10.01 2,178 2,178 Trust certificates 73,964 10.01 7,404 7,393 Ajax Mortgage Loan Trust 2020-D/ September 2020 Class A notes due 2060 330,721 2.25 10.01 33,105 5,057 Class B notes due 2060 30,867 5.00 10.01 3,090 3,090 Trust certificates 79,373 10.01 7,945 7,934 Ajax Mortgage Loan Trust 2021-C/ April 2021 Class A notes due 2061 194,673 2.12 5.01 9,753 6,087 Class B notes due 2061 18,170 3.72 31.90 5,796 5,796 Trust certificates 46,722 31.90 14,904 14,860 Ajax Mortgage Loan Trust 2021-D/ May 2021 Class A notes due 2060 191,468 2.00 6.94 13,288 9,443 Class B notes due 2060 25,529 4.00 20.00 5,106 5,106 Trust certificates 38,293 20.00 7,659 7,630 Ajax Mortgage Loan Trust 2021-E/ July 2021 (1) 
 Class A notes due 2060 430,760 1.82 (2) 10.01 43,119 34,308 Class M notes due 2060 19,415 2.94 10.01 1,943 1,943 Class B-1 and B-2 notes due 2060 38,313 3.73 10.01 3,835 3,835 Class B-3 notes due 2060 29,253 3.73 19.57 5,725 5,726 Trust certificates 518,357 19.57 101,471 (3) 2,699 Ajax Mortgage Loan Trust 2021-F/ June 2021 Class A notes due 2061 476,082 1.88 5.01 23,852 17,825 Class B notes due 2061 49,463 3.75 12.60 6,232 6,232 Trust certificates 92,743 12.60 11,686 11,670 Ajax Mortgage Loan Trust 2021-G/ June 2021 Class A notes due 2061 317,573 1.88 7.26 23,056 17,055 Class B notes due 2061 32,995 3.75 20.00 6,599 6,413 Trust certificates 61,864 20.00 12,373 11,630 2021-NPL 1/ November 2021 Class A notes due 2051 253,970 2.00 16.33 41,482 33,302 Class B notes due 2051 23,088 4.63 16.33 3,771 3,771 
 75 

Great Ajax Corp. Ownership Issuing Trust/Issue Date Security Total Original Outstanding Principal Coupon Ownership Percent Original Stated or Notional Principal Balance Retained Current Owned Stated or Notional Principal Balance Retained Trust certificates 52,773 16.33 8,620 8,575 Ajax Mortgage Loan Trust 2022-A/ April 2022 Class A notes due 2061 154,921 3.47 (2) 6.24 (4) 9,664 8,553 Class M notes due 2061 21,762 3.00 23.28 5,066 5,066 Class B notes due 2061 25,856 3.00 23.28 6,019 Trust Certificates 12,928 23.28 3,010 8,827 Ajax Mortgage Loan Trust 2022-B/ June 2022 Class A notes due 2062 169,924 3.47 (2) 5.70 (4) 9,692 8,873 Class M notes due 2062 17,776 3.00 17.18 3,054 3,054 Class B notes due 2062 22,083 3.00 17.18 3,794 Trust Certificates 11,042 17.18 1,897 5,551 2022-RPL 1/ October 2022 Class A notes due 2028 211,419 4.25 17.50 36,998 36,641 Class B notes due 2028 29,364 4.25 17.50 5,139 5,139 Trust certificates 55,326 17.50 9,682 9,580 
 
 (1) 2021-E was formed on July 19, 2021 which was subsequent to completing Ajax Mortgage Loan Trust 2021-F and 2021-G. The trust made an election to be taxed as a REMIC however the residual class was placed with an unrelated third party. 
 (2) Weighted average of Class A notes. 
 (3) The trust certificate has no stated principal balance and is tied to the unpaid balance of the underlying mortgage loans. 
 (4) Weighted average ownership of Class A notes. 
 
 Contractual Obligations 
 
 Our contractual obligations include obligations under repurchase agreements, our 2024 Notes, our 2027 Notes, accrued interest on the repurchase agreements and notes, and the put obligation on our outstanding warrants. 
 
 We use repurchase agreements to finance certain acquisitions of mortgage loans and certain debt securities we retain from our securitizations. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, our repurchase obligations totaled 445.9 million and 546.1 million, respectively. Our repurchase financing is considered short term in nature as the underlying agreements generally renew within one year. (See Repurchase Transactions above.) 
 
 Our 2024 Notes had outstanding principal balances of 104.5 million and 104.6 million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The 2024 Notes will mature on April 30, 2024 unless earlier repurchased, converted or redeemed. During certain periods and subject to certain conditions the 2024 Notes will be convertible by their holders into shares of our common stock at a current conversion rate of 1.7405 shares of common stock per 25.00 principal amount of the notes, which represents a conversion price of approximately 14.36 per share of common stock. The conversion rate, and thus the conversion price, may be subject to adjustment under certain circumstances. (See Critical Accounting Policies above.) 
 
 Our 2027 Notes had an outstanding principal balance of 110.0 million at December 31, 2022 and zero at 2021. The 2027 Notes will mature on September 1, 2027. (See "Critical Accounting Policies" above.) 
 
 Our accrued interest expense associated with our repurchase obligations at December 31, 2022 and 2021, was 2.3 million and 0.6 million, respectively. Our interest expense expected to be paid on our 2024 Notes at December 31, 2022 and 
 76 

2021, was 11.7 million and 19.3 million, respectively. Our interest expense expected to be paid on our 2027 Notes at December 31, 2022 and 2021, was 49.0 million and zero, respectively. Interest expense accrued on our repurchase financings is paid upon the maturity of a financing. Unless the repurchase financing is renewed, we are required to repay the borrowing and any accrued interest and we concurrently receive back our pledged collateral from the lender. Interest expense on our 2024 Notes is paid quarterly in arrears on January 15, April 15, July 15 and October 15 of each year. Interest expense on our 2027 Notes is payable semi-annually on March 1 and September 1, with the first payment due and payable on March 1, 2023. 
 
 We have two series of five-year warrants outstanding which allow the holders to purchase an aggregate of 1,950,672 shares of our common stock at an exercise price of 10.00 per share. Each series of warrants includes a put option that allows the holder to sell the warrants back to us at a specified put price on or after July 6, 2023. We believe the most economically beneficial result for the holders will be to exercise the put, which we expect to settle for 15.7 million. 
 
 Our secured borrowings are not included under our contractual obligations as such borrowings are non-recourse to us and principal and interest are only paid to the extent that cash flows from mortgage loans (in the securitization trust) collateralizing the debt are received. Accordingly, a projection of contractual maturities over the next five years is inapplicable. 

Inflation 
 
 Virtually all of our assets and liabilities are interest-rate sensitive in nature. Recent and expected rate increases by the Federal Reserve Bank to mitigate inflation have increased and are expected to continue to increase our cost of funds. Increasing mortgage interest rates may also have a negative impact on housing prices. Additionally, inflation that outpaces wage increases could drive a decrease in disposable household income and increase the credit risk of certain borrowers. 

Other 
 
 On March 4, 2022, we announced the extension of the employment agreement of Mary Doyle as Chief Financial Officer. Ms. Doyle will continue to serve as Chief Financial Officer for our Manager, our Servicer, and all Aspen Capital affiliates (collectively, the "Companies"). The employment agreement terms shall remain the same as the previous employment agreement with the exception of a base salary of 400,000, which will be increased 25,000 on March 4, 2023 and 2024, and target annual bonus opportunity equal to 250,000, with the amount earned based on the achievement of certain performance objectives. If Ms. Doyle's employment is terminated she is entitled to be paid the target annual bonus amount in a lump sum within 60 days following the effective date of termination. Also, upon death or disability all of Ms. Doyle's unvested shares will vest immediately. 

Subsequent Events 
 
 Since year end, we acquired three residential RPLs with aggregate UPB of 0.8 million in three transactions from three sellers. The RPLs were acquired at 72.9 of UPB and 62.3 of the estimated market value of the underlying collateral of 1.0 million. 
 
 We have agreed to acquire, subject to due diligence, one residential RPL in one transaction with aggregate UPB of 0.4 million. The purchase price of the residential RPL is 81.1 or UPB and 56.5 of the estimated market value of underlying collateral of 0.6 million. 
 
 On January 31, 2023, we contributed an additional 0.7 million of equity interest in GAFS. This increased our ownership from 8.0 to 9.59 . We account for our investment in GAFS using the equity method. 
 
 On February 2, 2023, we sold an unrated Class A senior bond in one of our joint ventures and recognized a loss of 3.0 million. A cumulative 2.2 million of this loss was already reflected in our book value calculation through Accumulated other comprehensive loss/income at December 31, 2022. This cumulative loss was reclassified to loss on sale of securities and an additional 0.8 million loss was recognized on the sale date. 
 
 On February 23, 2023, with an accredited institutional investor we refinanced our 2019-E, -G and -H joint ventures into Ajax Mortgage Loan Trust 2023-A ("2023-A") and retained 16.1 million of varying classes of agency rated securities and equity. We retained 5.01 of the AAA rated securities and 20.00 of the AA through B rated securities and trust certificates from the trust. 2023-A acquired 1,085 RPLs and NPLs with UPB of 205.1 million and an aggregate property value of 497.4 million. The AAA through A rated securities represent 79.8 of the UPB of the underlying mortgage loans and carry a weighted average coupon of 3.46 . Based on the structure of the transactions, we do not consolidate 2023-A under U.S. GAAP. 
 77 

On February 21, 2023, our Board of Directors approved the First Amendment to the Third Amended and Restated Management Agreement with the Manager, which has an effective date of March 1, 2023 and states that the stockholders' equity used to calculate the base management fee include our unsecured debt securities to the extent the proceeds were used to repurchase our preferred stock. 
 
 On March 2, 2023, our Board declared a dividend of 0.25 per share, to be paid on March 31, 2023 to stockholders of record as of March 17, 2023. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 
 The primary components of our market risk are related to real estate risk, interest rate risk, prepayment risk and credit risk. We seek to actively manage these and other risks and to acquire and hold assets at prices that we believe justify bearing those risks, and to maintain capital levels consistent with those risks. The pandemic presents risks and uncertainties that we describe under Risk Factors and many of these are outside of our control. 

Real Estate Risk 
 
 Residential property values are subject to volatility and may be affected adversely by a number of factors, including, but not limited to, national, regional and local economic conditions (which may be adversely affected by industry slowdowns, public health crises and other factors); local real estate conditions (such as an oversupply of housing); construction quality, age and design; demographic factors; and retroactive changes to building or similar codes. Increases in interest rates will result in lower refinancing volume, and home price increases will slow. Decreases in property values may cause us to suffer losses. 

Interest Rate Risk 
 
 We expect to continue to securitize our whole loan portfolios, primarily as a financing tool, when economically efficient to create long-term, fixed rate, non-recourse financing with moderate leverage, while retaining one or more tranches of the subordinate MBS so created. We expect to continue to utilize repurchase lines of credit as an interim financing tool until we have sufficient volume to execute a secured borrowing. Increases in interest rates will increase our cost of funds for new secured borrowings and our cost of funds on repurchase lines of credit on the repurchase reset date. Changes in interest rates may affect the fair value of the mortgage loans and real estate underlying our portfolios as well as our financing interest rate expense. Additionally, rises in interest rates may result in a lower refinance volume of our portfolio. 
 
 Interest rates are highly sensitive to many factors, including governmental monetary and tax policies, domestic and international economic and political considerations and other factors beyond our control. 
 
 Rising interest rates could be accompanied by inflation and higher household incomes which generally correlate closely to higher rent levels and property values. It is possible that the value of our real estate assets and our net income could decline in a rising interest rate environment to the extent that our real estate assets are financed with floating rate debt and there is no accompanying increase in loan yield and rental yield or property values. 

Prepayment Risk 
 
 Prepayment risk is the risk of change, whether an increase or a decrease, in the rate at which principal is returned in respect of the mortgage loans we own as well as the mortgage loans underlying our retained MBS, including both through voluntary prepayments and through liquidations due to defaults and foreclosures. This rate of prepayment is affected by a variety of factors, including the prevailing level of interest rates as well as economic, demographic, tax, social, legal and other factors. Prepayment rates, besides being subject to interest rates and borrower behavior, are also substantially affected by government policy and regulation. Changes in prepayment rates will have varying effects on the different types of assets in our portfolio. We attempt to take these effects into account. We will generally purchase RPLs and NPLs at discounts from UPB and underlying property values. An increase in prepayments would accelerate the repayment of the discount and lead to increased yield on our assets while also causing re-investment risk that we can find additional assets with the same interest and return levels. A decrease in prepayments would likely have the opposite effects. We currently expect the pace of loan prepayments to slow due to rising interest rates. 
 
 78 

Credit Risk 
 
 We are subject to credit risk in connection with our assets. While we will engage in diligence on assets we will acquire, such due diligence may not reveal all of the risks associated with such assets and may not reveal other weaknesses in such assets, which could lead us to misprice acquisitions. Property values are subject to volatility and may be affected adversely by a number of factors, including, but not limited to, national, regional and local economic conditions (which may be adversely affected by industry slowdowns, public health crises and other factors), local real estate conditions (such as an oversupply of housing), changes or continued weakness in specific industry segments, construction quality, age and design, demographic factors and retroactive changes to building or similar codes. 
 
 There are many reasons borrowers will fail to pay including but not limited to, in the case of residential mortgage loans, reductions in personal income, job loss and personal events such as divorce or health problems, and in the case of commercial mortgage loans, reduction in market rents and occupancies and poor property management services by borrowers. We will rely on the Servicer to mitigate our risk. Such mitigation efforts may include loan modifications and prompt foreclosure and property liquidation following a default. If a sufficient number of re-performing borrowers default, our results of operations will suffer and we may not be able to pay our own financing costs. 

Item 8. Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 The consolidated financial statements required by this item are set forth in Item 15. of this Annual Report and are incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 None. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 We conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(e)) as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The evaluation was conducted under the supervision and with the participation of management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer. Disclosure controls and procedures are controls and procedures designed to reasonably assure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed under the Exchange Act, such as this Annual Report on Form 10-K, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures are also designed to reasonably assure that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 
 The evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures included a review of the controls objectives and design, our implementation of the controls and their effect on the information generated for use in this Form 10-K. This type of evaluation will be performed on a quarterly basis so that the conclusions of management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, concerning the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures can be reported in our periodic reports on Form 10-Q and Form 10-K. The overall goals of these various evaluation activities are to monitor our disclosure controls and procedures, and to modify them as necessary. Our intent is to maintain the disclosure controls and procedures as dynamic systems that change as conditions warrant. 
 
 Based on the evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that, as of the end of the period covered by this Form 10-K, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in our Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified by the SEC, and that material information related to our company and our consolidated subsidiaries is made known to management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, particularly during the period when our periodic reports are being prepared. 

Management s Annual Report on Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting 
 
 Management of the Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for the Company. Internal control over financial reporting is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) promulgated 
 79 

under the Exchange Act as a process designed by, or under the supervision of, the Company s principal executive and principal financial officers and effected by the Company s board of directors, management and other personnel to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP and includes those policies and procedures that: 
 
 pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company; 
 provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and 
 provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risks that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 The Company s management assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, the Company s management used criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013). 
 
 Based on its assessment, the Company s management believes that, as of December 31, 2022, the Company s internal control over financial reporting was effective based on those criteria. 

Report of the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 Our internal control over financial reporting at December 31, 2022 has been audited by Moss Adams LLP. Their attestation report on internal control over financial reporting appears in Part IV, Item 15 and expressed an unqualified opinion. Moss Adams LLP has also audited the consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022 and their report expressed an unqualified opinion on those consolidated financial statements. 

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 There have been no changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Company s last fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information 
 
 None. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 Not applicable. 
 80 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference from the Company s definitive proxy statement for its 2023 annual stockholders meeting. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference from the Company s definitive proxy statement for its 2023 annual stockholders meeting. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference from the Company s definitive proxy statement for its 2023 annual stockholders meeting. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference from the Company s definitive proxy statement for its 2023 annual stockholders meeting. 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference from the Company s definitive proxy statement for its 2023 annual stockholders meeting. 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits and Consolidated Financial Statement Schedules 
 (a)(1) Financial Statements . 
 See the Index to Financial Statements at page F-1 of this report. 
 (a)(2) Financial Statement Schedule. 
 Schedule IV Mortgage Loans on Real Estate. 
 
 All other financial statement schedules have been omitted since they are either not required, are not applicable or the required information is shown in the consolidated financial statements or related notes. 
 (a)(3) Exhibits . 
 
 Exhibit Number Exhibit Description 3.1 Articles of Amendment and Restatement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-11 confidentially submitted to the SEC on September 23, 2014 (File No.:333-00787)). 
 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Registration Statement on Form S-11 confidentially submitted to the SEC on September 23, 2014 (File No.:333-00787)). 
 3.3 Articles Supplementary dated as of May 7, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company's report on Form 8-K filed on May 8, 2020 (File No.:001-36844)). 
 3.4 Articles of Amendment to Articles Supplementary dated as of May 7, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company's report on Form 8-K filed on May 8, 2020 (File No.:001-36844)). 
 4.1 Indenture, dated as of April 19, 2017, by and between the Registrant and Wilmington Savings Fund Society, FSB, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's report on Form 8-K filed on April 19, 2017 (File No.:001-36844)). 
 4.2 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of April 25, 2017, by and between the Registrant and Wilmington Savings Fund Society, FSB, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's report on Form 8-K filed on April 25, 2017 (File No.:001-36844)). 
 4.3 Form of 7.25 Convertible Senior Note (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company's report on Form 8-K filed on April 25, 2017 (File No.:001-36844)). 
 
 81 

Exhibit Number Exhibit Description 4.4 Warrants Certificate dated as of May 4, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's report on Form 8-K filed on May 8, 2020 (File No.:001-36844)). 
 4.5 Warrants Certificate dated as of May 4, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company's report on Form 8-K filed on May 8, 2020 (File No.:001-36844)). 
 4.6 Indenture, dated as of August 26, 2022, among the Issuer, Great Ajax Corp., and Wilmington Savings Fund Society, FSB, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's report on Form 8-K filed on August 26, 2022 (File No.:001-36844)). 
 4.7 Form of the Issuer s 8.875 Senior Notes due 2027 (included in Exhibit 4.6) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company's report on Form 8-K filed on August 26, 2022 (File No.:001-36844)). 
 10.1 Agreement of Limited Partnership of Great Ajax Operating Partnership LP (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-11 confidentially submitted to the SEC on September 23, 2014 (File No.:333-00787)). 
 10.2 Amended and Restated Management Agreement dated October 27, 2015; incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s report on Form 8-K filed on November 2, 2015 (File No.:001-36844)). 
 10.3 Servicing Agreement dated as of July 8, 2014 by and among the Servicer and the registrant and its affiliates Great Ajax Operating Partnership L.P. and Little Ajax II LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registration Statement on Form S-11 confidentially submitted to the SEC on September 23, 2014 (File No.:333-00787)). 
 10.4 Form of Indemnification Agreement between registrant and each of its directors and officer (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Registration Statement on Form S-11 confidentially submitted to the SEC on September 23, 2014 (File No.:333-00787)). 
 10.5 Assignment Agreement made as of July 8, 2014, by and between the entities identified on Exhibit A thereto and the registrant with respect to Little Ajax II LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Registration Statement on Form S-11 confidentially submitted to the SEC on September 23, 2014 (File No.:333-00787)). 
 10.6 2014 Director Equity Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Registration Statement on Form S-11 confidentially submitted to the SEC on September 23, 2014 (File No.:333-00787)). 
 10.7 2016 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on June 7, 2016. (File No.:333-00787)). 
 10.8 Form of Restricted Stock Award (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Registration Statement on Form S-11 confidentially submitted to the SEC on September 23, 2014 (File No.:333-00787)). 
 10.9 Registration Rights Agreement made and entered into as of July 8, 2014, by and among the registrant and FBR Capital Markets Co., as the initial purchaser/placement agent FBR for the benefit of FBR and certain purchasers of the registrant s common stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Registration Statement on Form S-11 confidentially submitted to the SEC on September 23, 2014 (File No.:333-00787)). 
 10.10 Trademark License Agreement dated as of July 8, 2014 between the registrant and Aspen Yo (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Registration Statement on Form S-11 confidentially submitted to the SEC on September 23, 2014 (File No.:333-00787)). 
 10.11 Registration Rights Agreement made and entered into as of December 16 2014, by and among the registrant and certain purchasers of the registrant s common stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the Registration Statement on Form S-11 confidentially submitted to the SEC on December 29, 2014 (File No.:333-00787)). 
 10.12 Second Amended and Restated Management Agreement, dated March 5, 2019, by and among Great Ajax Corporation, Great Ajax Operating Partnership, LP and Thetis Asset Management LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to the Company's report on Form 10-K filed on March 6, 2019 (File No.:001-36844)). 
 10.13 Description of Capital Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to the Company's report on Form 10-K filed on March 4, 2020 (File No.:001-36844)). 
 10.14 Third Amended and Restated Management Agreement, dated April 28, 2020, by and among Great Ajax Corporation, Great Ajax Operating Partnership, LP and Thetis Asset Management LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's report on Form 10-Q filed on May 6, 2020 (File No.:001-36844)). 
 10.15 Securities Purchase Agreement dated as of May 4, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's report on Form 8-K filed on May 8, 2020 (File No.:001-36844)). 
 10.16 Registration Rights Agreement by and among Great Ajax Corp. and the Purchasers Named herein dated as of May 4, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's report on Form 8-K filed on May 8, 2020 (File No.:001-36844)). 
 
 82 

Exhibit Number Exhibit Description 10.17 Warrant Agency Agreement by and between Great Ajax Corp. and American Stock Transfer Trust Company, LLC dated as of May 4, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 on Form 10-Q filed on August 5, 2020 (File No.:001-36844)). 
 10.18 Employment agreement with Mary Doyle, Great Ajax Corp. Chief Financial Officer, dated March 4, 2022 . 
 10.19 First Amendment to the Third Amended and Restated Management Agreement, dated March 1, 2023, by and among Great Ajax Corporation, Great Ajax Operating Partnership, LP and Thetis Asset Management LLC. 
 21.1 List of subsidiaries. 
 23.1 Consent of Moss Adams LLP. 
 31.1 Rule 13a-14(a) Certification of Chief Executive Officer of the Company in accordance with Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.2 Rule 13a-14(a) Certification of Chief Financial Officer of the Company in accordance with Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.1 Section 1350 Certification of Chief Executive Officer of the Company in accordance with Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.2 Section 1350 Certification of Chief Financial Officer of the Company in accordance with Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Definition Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 
 
 Filed herewith. 
 Furnished herewith. 
 (b) Exhibits . 
 See Item 15(a)(3) above. 
 (c) Financial Statement Schedule 
 Schedule IV Mortgage Loans on Real Estate. 
 All other financial statement schedules have been omitted since they are either not required, are not applicable or the required information is shown in the consolidated financial statements or related notes. 
 83 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 
 None. 

SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, as of March 3, 2023. 
 
 GREAT AJAX CORP. By: /s/ Lawrence Mendelsohn Lawrence Mendelsohn 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 
 Signature Title Date /s/ Lawrence Mendelsohn Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 
 March 3, 2023 Lawrence Mendelsohn /s/ Mary Doyle Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 
 March 3, 2023 Mary Doyle /s/ Steven L. Begleiter Director March 3, 2023 Steven L. Begleiter /s/ John Condas Director March 3, 2023 John Condas /s/ Paul Friedman Director March 3, 2023 Paul Friedman /s/ Mary Haggerty Director March 3, 2023 Mary Haggerty /s/ Jonathan Bradford Handley, Jr. Director March 3, 2023 Jonathan Bradford Handley, Jr. /s/ J. Kirk Ogren, Jr. Director March 3, 2023 J. Kirk Ogren, Jr. /s/ Russell Schaub President and Director March 3, 2023 Russell Schaub 
 
 84 

INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (Moss Adams LLP, Portland, OR, PCAOB ID: 
 F-2 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-6 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 F-8 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive (Loss) / Income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 F-9 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 F-10 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 F-12 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-15 
 Schedule IV - Mortgage Loans on Real Estate 
 F-57 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 F-1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of 
 Great Ajax Corp. 
 
 Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Great Ajax Corp. and Subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive (loss)/income, cash flows, and changes in equity for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and schedule (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). We also have audited the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). 
 
 In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the consolidated results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO. 
 
 Basis for Opinions 
 
 The Company s management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Annual Report on Internal Controls over Financial Reporting included in Item 9A. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial statements and an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 
 Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures to respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 F-2 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
 
 Mortgage Loans Held-for-Investment, Net and Interest Income on Loans 
 
 As disclosed in Notes 2 and 3 to the consolidated financial statements, the balance of the Company s mortgage loans held-for-investment, net as of December 31, 2022 was 989.1 million. A significant portion of these loans are acquired loans, which have suffered deterioration in credit quality subsequent to origination and therefore are accounted for as purchased credit deteriorated loans ("PCD loans"). Mortgage loans held-for-investment, net, are carried at an amount representing the present value of the Company s expected future cash flows, net of an allowance for credit losses. 
 
 The amount the Company expects to collect over the life of the mortgage loans is based on the Company s proprietary cash flow model model ), updated on a quarterly basis. The model calculates an accretable yield, which is recorded as interest income using the effective interest method. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the interest income recognized on mortgage loans was 60.0 million. An allowance for credit losses on mortgage loans represents the net present value of the difference between the contractual cash flows of the underlying loans and the expected cash flows determined based on the model. As of December 31, 2022, the allowance for credit losses on loans was 6.1 million. 
 
 We identified the valuation of mortgage loans held-for-investment, net and the related recognition of interest income as critical audit matters. The model used to calculate the recorded discount on loans, the allowance for credit losses and the accretion of related interest income consists of observable and unobservable inputs. The principal factors affecting the cash flow projections, which is a complex estimate requiring significant judgment by management, include the following material unobservable inputs: resolution method and timeline, foreclosure likelihood, prepayment rates, and value of underlying properties. The significant unobservable inputs make auditing the valuation of mortgage loans held-for-investment and occurrence and accuracy of interest income on mortgage loans complex and involves a high degree of auditor judgment. 
 
 The primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter included: 
 
 Testing the design, implementation and operating effectiveness of controls relating to the accounting for PCD loans, allowance for credit losses on mortgage loans and accretion of interest income on mortgage loans. 
 
 Evaluating the reasonableness and appropriateness of management s assumptions and sources of data used in the cash flow projections including resolution methods and timelines, foreclosure likelihood, prepayment rates, and value of underlying properties. 
 
 For a selection of individual loans, recalculating cash flow projections, independently corroborating management s inputs used in the model, and evaluating the model outputs for reasonableness and accuracy. 
 
 Recalculating the accretable yield recognized on loan pools based on the actual cash collected to date and estimated future cash flows. 
 
 Evaluating the expected interest income recognized on loan pools based on the carrying value of the loans and an expected accretable yield. 
 
 Evaluating the reasonableness of projected cash flows against actual cash collections, and evaluating significant variances, if any, to determine whether the methodology and assumptions utilized are appropriate. 
 
 Investments in Beneficial Interests and Interest Income on Beneficial Interests 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 F-3 

As disclosed in Notes 2 and 5 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company s investments in beneficial interests consist of investments in the trust certificates issued by joint ventures which the Company forms with third party investors. The trust certificates are net of residual interest issued by Company sponsored securitization trusts, which are determined to be variable interest entities VIE ). Management has determined the Company is not the primary beneficiary of these VIEs and therefore does not consolidate such entities. The Company s net investments in beneficial interests as of December 31, 2022 was 134.6 million. The same model discussed above in mortgage loans and interest income on loans is utilized to estimate expected cash flows to be collected on the underlying pools of mortgage loans held by the securitization trusts. 
 
 As discussed above, the amount the Company expects to collect over the life of the investments in beneficial interests is based on the Company s model, updated on a quarterly basis. The model calculates an accretable yield which is recorded as interest income using the effective interest method. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the interest income recognized on investments in beneficial interests was 10.8 million. An allowance for credit losses on investments in beneficial interest represents the net present value of the difference between the contractual cash flows of the underlying mortgage loans and the expected cash flows determined based on the model. As of December 31, 2022, the allowance for credit losses on investments in beneficial interests was zero. 
 
 We identified the valuation of investments in beneficial interests and the related recognition of interest income as critical audit matters. The model used to calculate the recorded investments in beneficial interests, the allowance for credit losses and the related recognition of interest income utilizes observable and unobservable inputs. The principal factors affecting the cash flow projections, which is a complex estimate requiring significant judgment by management, include the following material unobservable inputs: resolution method and timeline, foreclosure likelihood, prepayment rates, and value of underlying properties. The significant unobservable inputs make auditing the valuation of investments in beneficial interests and occurrence and accuracy of the related interest income complex and involves a high degree of auditor judgment. 
 
 The primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter included: 
 
 Testing the design, implementation and operating effectiveness of controls relating to the accounting for investments in beneficial interests, allowance for credit losses on beneficial interests and related accretion of interest income. 
 
 Evaluating the reasonableness and appropriateness of management s assumptions and sources of data used in the cash flow projections related to contractual and terminal cash flows used to estimate the value of investments in beneficial interests. 
 
 For a selection of investments in beneficial interests, performing tests to compare historical transaction values against management s valuation estimates to evaluate the model outputs for reasonableness and accuracy. 
 
 Recalculating the accretable yield recognized on investments in beneficial interests based on the actual cash collected to date and estimated future cash flows. 
 
 Evaluating the expected interest income recognized on investments in beneficial interests based on the carrying value and an expected accretable yield. 
 
 Evaluating the reasonableness of projected cash flows against actual cash collections, and evaluating significant variances, if any, to determine whether the methodology and assumptions utilized are appropriate. 
 
 Evaluation of Variable Interest Entities for Consolidation 
 
 As disclosed in Notes 2 and 9 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company enters into various types of transactions with special purpose entities, which have primarily consisted of trusts established for the Company s secured borrowings, investments in debt securities, and beneficial interests. Additionally, the Company may enter into joint ventures with unrelated entities, which generally involves the formation of a special purpose entity. The Company evaluates each transaction and its resulting beneficial interest to determine if the entity formed pursuant to the transaction should be classified as a VIE. If an entity created in a transaction meets the definition of a VIE and the Company determines that it, or a consolidated subsidiary is the primary beneficiary, the Company will include the VIE in its consolidated financial statements. If such an entity is deemed to not be consolidated, the Company records only its investment in the special purpose entity. 
 
 We identified the Company s evaluation of variable interest entities for consolidation as a critical audit matter. The guidance on applying variable interest determination is complex and focuses on identifying the reporting entity with power to make 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 F-4 

decisions that most significantly impact the economic performance of the entity being evaluated for consolidation and whether the entity with power has the rights to receive benefits that could be significant. Identifying variable interests generally requires a qualitative assessment that focuses on the purpose and design of an entity and auditing managements determination involves significant auditor judgment due to the nature and extent of audit evidence and effort required to address these matters. 
 
 The primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter included: 
 
 Testing the design, implementation and operating effectiveness of controls relating to management s evaluation of special purpose entities for purposes of concluding on consolidation requirements. 
 
 Evaluating the reasonableness and appropriateness of management s evaluation of each VIE and determination of primary beneficiary of the VIE through a decision-making workflow. 
 
 Reading pertinent supporting organizational documents and agreements associated with each VIE to agree key terms with those used in management s evaluation of each VIE. 
 
 Consulting with our internal specialists on the conclusions reached for each VIE originated during the year. 
 
 /s/ 

March 3, 2023 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2014. 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 F-5 

GREAT AJAX CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS in thousands except per share data) December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 ASSETS Cash and cash equivalents Mortgage loans held-for-sale, net Mortgage loans held-for-investment, net (1,2) 
 Real estate owned properties, net (3) 
 Investments in securities at fair value (4) 
 Investments in beneficial interests (5) 
 Receivable from servicer Investment in affiliates Prepaid expenses and other assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND EQUITY Liabilities: Secured borrowings, net (1,2,6) 
 Borrowings under repurchase transactions Convertible senior notes, net (6) 
 Notes payable, net (6) 
 Management fee payable Put option liability Accrued expenses and other liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies see Note 8 Equity: Preferred stock par value; shares authorized 
 Series A Fixed-to-Floating Rate Cumulative Redeemable, liquidation preference per share, shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2021 
 Series B Fixed-to-Floating Rate Cumulative Redeemable, liquidation preference per share, shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2021 
 Common stock par value; shares authorized, issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2021 
 Additional paid-in capital Treasury stock ) ) Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive (loss)/income ) Equity attributable to stockholders Non-controlling interests (7) 
 Total equity Total liabilities and equity 
 
 (1) million and million of loans at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, transferred to securitization trusts that are variable interest entities VIEs these loans can only be used to settle obligations of the VIEs. Secured borrowings consist of notes issued by VIEs that can only be settled with the assets and cash flows of the VIEs. The creditors do not have recourse to the primary beneficiary (Great Ajax Corp.). See Note 9 Debt. Mortgage loans held-for-investment, net include million and million of allowance for expected credit losses at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 F-6 

million and million, respectively, from a owned joint venture, which the Company consolidates under U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles ("U.S. GAAP" or "GAAP"). 
 (3) million and million at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 (4) million and a net unrealized loss of million. As of December 31, 2021, Investments in securities at fair value include an amortized cost basis of million and net unrealized gains of million. 
 (5) and million at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 (6) million at December 31, 2022 and million at December 31, 2021. Convertible senior notes, net are presented net of deferred issuance costs of million and million at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. Notes payable, net are presented net of deferred issuance costs and discount of million at December 31, 2022 and at December 31, 2021. 
 (7) million from a owned joint venture, million from a owned subsidiary and million from a owned subsidiary. As of December 31, 2021 non-controlling interests includes million from a owned joint venture, million from a owned subsidiary and million from a owned subsidiary which the Company consolidates. 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 F-7 

GREAT AJAX CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS Year ended December 31, in thousands except per share data) 2022 2021 2020 INCOME Interest income Interest expense ) ) ) Net interest income Net decrease in the net present value of expected credit losses (1) 
 Net interest income after the impact of changes in the net present value of expected credit losses (Loss)/income from investment in affiliates, net ) ) Loss on joint venture refinancing on beneficial interests ) Other (loss)/income ) Total revenue, net EXPENSE Related party expense loan servicing fees Related party expense management fee Professional fees Fair value adjustment on put option liability Other expense Total expense Acceleration of put option settlement Loss on debt extinguishment (Loss)/income before provision for income taxes ) Provision for income taxes (benefit) ) Consolidated net (loss)/income ) Less: consolidated net (loss)/income attributable to the non-controlling interest ) Consolidated net (loss)/income attributable to the Company ) Less: dividends on preferred stock Less: discount on retirement of preferred stock Consolidated net (loss)/income attributable to common stockholders ) Basic (loss)/earnings per common share ) Diluted (loss)/earnings per common share ) Weighted average shares basic Weighted average shares diluted 
 
 (1) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 F-8 

GREAT AJAX CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE (LOSS) / INCOME 
 Year ended December 31, in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Consolidated net (loss)/income attributable to common stockholders ) Other comprehensive (loss)/income: Net unrealized (loss)/income on investments in available-for-sale debt securities ) ) Income tax expense related to items of other comprehensive income Comprehensive (loss)/income ) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 F-9 

GREAT AJAX CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS Year ended December 31, in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES Consolidated net (loss)/income ) Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash from operating activities Stock-based management fee and compensation expense Discount accretion on mortgage loans ) ) ) Interest and discount accretion on investment in debt securities ) ) ) Discount accretion on investment in beneficial interests ) ) ) (Gain)/loss on sale of mortgage loans ) Loss on debt extinguishment Gain on sale of real estate owned properties ) ) ) Loss/(gain) on sale of securities ) ) Impairment of real estate owned Credit loss expense on mortgage loans and beneficial interests Net decrease in the net present value of expected credit losses (1) 
 ) ) ) Loss on loans and joint venture refinancing on beneficial interests Amortization of debt discount and prepaid financing costs Undistributed loss/(income) from investment in affiliates ) Fair value adjustment on put option liability Preferred stock non-cash ) Acceleration of put option settlement Other non-cash charges Net change in operating assets and liabilities Prepaid expenses and other assets ) ) Receivable from Servicer ) Accrued expenses, management fee payable, and other liabilities Net cash from operating activities ) ) CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES Purchase of mortgage loans and related balances ) ) ) Principal paydowns on mortgage loans Draws on small balance commercial loans ) ) Proceeds from sale of mortgage loans Purchase of securities ) ) ) Proceeds from redemption and sale of securities Principal and interest collection on debt securities Proceeds from sale of property held-for-sale Purchase of rental property and property held-for-sale ) ) Renovations and recovery costs of rental property and property held-for-sale ) Investment in equity method investments ) Distribution from affiliates Net cash from investing activities ) CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES Proceeds from repurchase transactions Repayments on repurchase transactions ) ) ) Proceeds from origination of secured borrowings 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 F-10 

Repayments on secured borrowings ) ) ) Payment of prepaid financing costs on secured borrowings ) ) Purchase of bonds of non-controlling interest in subsidiaries ) Repurchase of the Company's senior convertible notes ) ) ) Proceeds from notes payable Payment of prepaid financing costs on notes payable ) Proceeds from issuance of preferred stock and warrants, net of offering costs Repurchase of preferred stock and warrants ) Repurchase of common stock ) ) ) Sale of common stock, net of offering costs Sale of common stock pursuant to dividend reinvestment plan Acquisition of non-controlling interest in subsidiary ) Distribution to non-controlling interests ) ) ) Issuance of non-controlling interest in subsidiaries Dividends paid on common stock and preferred stock ) ) ) Net cash from financing activities ) NET CHANGE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS ) ) CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, beginning of period CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, end of period SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION Cash paid for interest Cash paid for income taxes SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF NONCASH INVESTING AND FINANCING ACTIVITIES Net transfer of loans to rental property or property held-for-sale Treasury stock received from Servicer Issuance of common stock for management fee and compensation expense Treasury stock received through distributions from investment in Manager Non-cash adjustments to basis in mortgage loans Issuance of common stock for dividends Transfer of prepaids to rental property or property held-for-sale Unrealized (loss)/gain on available for sale securities, net of non-controlling interest and tax ) ) Net transfer of loans (to)/from mortgage held-for-investment, net (from)/to mortgage loans held-for-sale, net ) 
 
 (1) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 F-11 

GREAT AJAX CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY 
 
 For the years ended December 31, 2020 through December 31, 2022 in thousands) Preferred stock - series A shares Preferred stock - series A amount Preferred stock - series B shares Preferred stock - series B amount Common stock shares Common stock amount Treasury stock Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss) Total stockholders equity Non-controlling interest Total equity Balance at December 31, 2019 ) Net income Preferred Stock Issuance of shares of subsidiary Issuance of shares under dividend reinvestment plan Stock-based compensation expense Dividends declared per share) and distributions 
 ) ) ) ) Convertible senior notes repurchase ) ) ) Other comprehensive loss ) ) ) Treasury stock ) ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2020 ) Net income ) Sale of shares 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 F-12 

For the years ended December 31, 2020 through December 31, 2022 in thousands) Preferred stock - series A shares Preferred stock - series A amount Preferred stock - series B shares Preferred stock - series B amount Common stock shares Common stock amount Treasury stock Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss) Total stockholders equity Non-controlling interest Total equity Acquisition of non-controlling interest in subsidiary ) ) ) ) Issuance of shares under dividend reinvestment plan Distribution to non-controlling interest ) ) Stock-based compensation expense Dividends declared per share) and distributions 
 ) ) ) ) Convertible senior notes repurchase ) ) ) Other comprehensive income Treasury stock ) ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2021 ) Net loss ) ) ) Sale of shares Issuance of shares under dividend reinvestment plan 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 F-13 

For the years ended December 31, 2020 through December 31, 2022 in thousands) Preferred stock - series A shares Preferred stock - series A amount Preferred stock - series B shares Preferred stock - series B amount Common stock shares Common stock amount Treasury stock Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss) Total stockholders equity Non-controlling interest Total equity Distribution to non-controlling interest ) ) Stock-based management fee expense Stock-based compensation expense Dividends declared per share) and distributions 
 ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive loss ) ) ) Repurchase of preferred stock ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Reclass of conversion premium - convertible notes ) ) ) Treasury stock ) ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 ) ) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 F-14 

GREAT AJAX CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 

Note 1 
 
 of the most recent payments have been made, or the most recent payment has been made and accepted pursuant to an agreement, or the full dollar amount, to cover at least payments has been paid in the last seven months and (ii) non-performing loans ("NPLs"), which are residential mortgage loans on which the most recent payments have not been made. The Company may acquire RPLs and NPLs either directly or in joint ventures with institutional accredited investors. The joint ventures are structured as securitization trusts, of which the Company acquires debt securities and beneficial interests. The Company may also acquire or originate small balance commercial loans SBC loans ). The SBC loans that the Company opportunistically targets generally have a principal balance of up to million and are secured by multi-family residential and commercial mixed use retail/residential properties on which at least of the most recent payments have been made, or the most recent payment has been made and accepted pursuant to an agreement, or the full dollar amount to cover at least payments has been paid in the last seven months. Additionally, the Company invests in single-family and smaller commercial properties directly either through a foreclosure event of a loan in its mortgage portfolio or, less frequently, through a direct acquisition. The Company s manager is Thetis Asset Management LLC (the Manager or Thetis ), an affiliated company. The Company owns of the Manager and of Great Ajax FS LLC ("GAFS" or "The Parent of the Servicer") which owns substantially all of the interest in Gregory Funding LLC ("Gregory" or the "Servicer"), the Company's loan and real property servicer that is also an affiliated company. The Company has elected to be taxed as a REIT under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ). 
 
 The Company conducts substantially all of its business through its operating partnership, Great Ajax Operating Partnership L.P., a Delaware limited partnership (the Operating Partnership ), and its subsidiaries. The Company, through a wholly owned subsidiary, Great Ajax Operating LLC, is the sole general partner of the Operating Partnership. GA-TRS LLC ("GA-TRS") is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Operating Partnership that owns the equity interest in the Manager and the Parent of the Servicer. The Company elected to treat GA-TRS as a taxable REIT subsidiary TRS under the Code. Great Ajax Funding LLC is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Operating Partnership formed to act as the depositor of mortgage loans into securitization trusts and to hold the subordinated securities issued by such trusts and any additional trusts the Company may form for additional secured borrowings. The Company generally securitizes its mortgage loans through securitization trusts and retains subordinated securities from the secured borrowings. These trusts are considered to be variable interest entities ("VIEs"), and the Company has determined that it is the primary beneficiary of many of these VIEs. AJX Mortgage Trust I and AJX Mortgage Trust II are wholly owned subsidiaries of the Operating Partnership formed to hold mortgage loans used as collateral for financings under the Company s repurchase agreements. In addition, the Company, through its Operating Partnership, holds real estate owned ("REO") properties acquired upon the foreclosure or other settlement of its owned NPLs, as well as through outright purchases. GAJX Real Estate Corp. is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Operating Partnership formed to own, maintain, improve and sell REO properties purchased by the Company. The Company has elected to treat GAJX Real Estate Corp. as a TRS under the Code. 
 
 The Operating Partnership, through interests in certain entities, as of December 31, 2022, held of Great Ajax II REIT Inc., which owns Great Ajax II Depositor LLC, which was formed to act as the depositor of mortgage loans into securitization trusts and to hold the subordinated securities issued by such trusts. Similarly, as of December 31, 2022, the Operating Partnership wholly owned Great Ajax III Depositor LLC, which was formed to act as the depositor into Ajax Mortgage Loan Trust 2021-E ("2021-E"), which is a real estate mortgage investment conduit ("REMIC"). The Company has securitized mortgage loans through these securitization trusts and retained subordinated securities from the secured borrowings. These trusts are considered to be VIEs, and the Company has determined that it is the primary beneficiary of the VIEs. 
 
 In 2018, the Company formed Gaea Real Estate Corp. ("Gaea"), as a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Operating Partnership that invests in multifamily properties with a focus on property appreciation and triple net lease veterinary clinics. The Company elected to treat Gaea as a TRS under the Code in 2018 and elected to treat Gaea as a REIT under the Code in 2019 and thereafter. Also during 2018, the Company formed Gaea Real Estate Operating Partnership LP, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Gaea, to hold investments in commercial real estate assets, and Gaea Real Estate Operating LLC, to act as its general partner. The Company also formed Gaea Veterinary Holdings LLC, BFLD Holdings LLC, Gaea Commercial Properties LLC, Gaea Commercial Finance LLC and Gaea RE Holdings LLC as subsidiaries of Gaea Real Estate Operating Partnership. 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 F-15 

million from the issuance of its common stock to third parties to allow Gaea to continue to advance its investment strategy. Additionally, in January 2022, Gaea completed a second private capital raise in which it raised approximately million from the issuance of its common stock and warrants. At December 31, 2022 the Company owned approximately of Gaea. The Company accounts for its investment in Gaea under the equity method. 
 
 Basis of Presentation and Use of Estimates 
 
 The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States ("U.S. GAAP"), as contained within the Accounting Standards Codification ASC of the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB and the rules and regulations of the SEC, as applied to financial statements. 
 
 The Company consolidates the results and balances of subsidiaries with non-controlling ownership interests held by third parties. AS Ajax E II LLC ("AS Ajax E II") holds a interest in a Delaware trust that owns residential mortgage loans and residential real estate assets; AS Ajax E II is owned by the Company at both December 31, 2022 and 2021. Ajax Mortgage Loan Trust 2017-D ("2017-D") is a securitization trust that holds mortgage loans, REO property and secured borrowings; 2017-D is owned by the Company. Great Ajax II REIT Inc. wholly owns Great Ajax II Depositor LLC which acts as the depositor of mortgage loans into securitization trusts and holds the subordinated securities issued by such trusts and any additional trusts the Company may form for additional secured borrowings is owned by the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Company recognizes non-controlling interests in its consolidated financial statements for the amounts of the investments and income due to the third party investors for its consolidated subsidiaries. 
 
 During the second quarter of 2021, the majority of loans held by 2017-D were sold into Ajax Mortgage Loan Trust 2021-C ("2021-C"), a related party joint venture with third party institutional investors. The Company held a ownership of the remaining loans held by 2017-D at both December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 During the first quarter of 2021, the Company acquired the outstanding non-controlling ownership interest in Ajax Mortgage Loan Trust 2018-C ("2018-C"), a subsidiary that had been owned by the Company with its results included in the Company's consolidated financial statements. As a result, at both December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were non-controlling ownership interests in 2018-C held by third parties. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Operating Partnership wholly owned Great Ajax III Depositor LLC, which was formed to act as the depositor into Ajax Mortgage Loan Trust 2021-E ("2021-E"), which is a REMIC. 
 
 The Company s ownership of the Manager and ownership of GAFS are accounted for using the equity method because the Company can exercise influence on the operations of these entities through common officers and directors. There is no traded or quoted price for the interests in either the Manager or GAFS. 
 
 During year ended December 31, 2021, the Company acquired the remaining outstanding of the Class B notes and trust certificates in Ajax Mortgage Loan Trust 2019-C ("2019-C") from its joint venture partner and retired the outstanding million liability for the senior bond which carried an interest rate higher than the Company's current borrowing rate at that time. As a result the Company now owns a interest in the loans that were formerly in 2019-C. 
 
 The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires the Company to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities as of the date of the consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. The Company considers significant estimates to include expected cash flows from its holdings of mortgage loans and beneficial interests in trusts, and their resolution methods and timelines, including foreclosure costs, eviction costs and property rehabilitation costs. Other significant estimates are fair value measurements, and the net realizable value of REO properties held-for-sale. 

Note 2 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 F-16 

million of loan discount was reclassified to the allowance for expected credit losses with no net impact on the amortized cost basis of the portfolio. 
 
 Acquired loans may be aggregated and accounted for as a pool of loans if the loans have common risk characteristics. A pool is accounted for as a single asset with a single composite interest rate and an aggregate expectation of cash flows. The Company may adjust its loan pools as the underlying risk factors change over time. The Company has aggregated its mortgage loan portfolio into loan pools based on similar risk factors. Excluded from the aggregate pools are loans that pay in full subsequent to the acquisition closing date but prior to pooling. Any gain or loss on these loans is recognized as interest income in the period the loan pays in full. 
 
 The Company s accounting for PCD loans gives rise to an accretable yield and an allowance for expected credit losses. Upon the acquisition of PCD loans the Company records the acquisition as three separate elements for (i) the amount of purchase discount which the Company expects to recover through eventual repayment by the borrower, (ii) an allowance for future expected credit loss and (iii) the unpaid principal balance ("UPB") of the loan. The purchase price discount which the Company expects at the time of acquisition to collect over the life of the loans is the accretable yield. Expected cash flows from acquired loans include all cash flows directly related to the loan, including those expected from the underlying collateral. The Company recognizes the accretable yield as interest income on a prospective level yield basis over the life of the pool. The Company s expectation of the amount of undiscounted cash flows to be collected is evaluated at the end of each calendar quarter. The net present value of changes in expected cash flows as compared to contractual amounts due, whether caused by timing or loan performance, is reported in the period in which it arises and is reflected as an increase or decrease in the provision for expected credit losses to the extent a provision for expected credit losses is recorded against the pool of mortgage loans. If no provision for expected credit losses is recorded against the pool of assets, the increase in expected future cash flows is recognized prospectively as an increase in yield. 
 
 The Company s mortgage loans are secured by real estate. The Company monitors the credit quality of the mortgage loans in its portfolio on an ongoing basis, principally by considering loan payment activity or delinquency status. In addition, the Company assesses the expected cash flows from the mortgage loans, the fair value of the underlying collateral and other factors, and evaluates whether and when it becomes probable that all amounts contractually due will not be collected. 
 
 Borrower payments on the Company s mortgage loans are classified as principal, interest, payments of fees, or escrow deposits. Amounts applied as interest on the borrower account are similarly classified as interest for accounting purposes and are classified as operating cash flows in the Company s consolidated statement of cash flows. Amounts applied as principal on the borrower account including amounts contractually due from borrowers that exceed the Company s basis in loans purchased at a discount, are similarly classified as principal for accounting purposes and are classified as investing cash flows in the consolidated statement of cash flows as required under U.S. GAAP. Amounts received as payments of fees are recorded in Other income and classified as operating cash flows in the consolidated statement of cash flows. Escrow deposits are recorded on the Servicer s balance sheet and do not impact the Company s cash flow. 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 F-17 

million of discount was reclassified to the allowance for expected credit losses with no net impact on the amortized cost basis of the beneficial interests. Each beneficial interest is accounted for individually, and the Company recognizes its ratable share of gain, loss, income or expense based on its percentage ownership interest. 
 
 The Company's Investments in Beneficial Interests are carried at amortized cost. Upon acquisition, the investments are recorded as three separate elements: (i) the amount of purchase discount which the Company expects to recover through eventual repayment of the investment, (ii) an allowance for future expected credit loss and (iii) the par value of the investment. The purchase discount which the Company expects to recover through eventual repayment of the investment gives rise to an accretable yield. The Company recognizes this accretable yield as interest income on a prospective level yield basis over the life of the investment. The Company s recognition of interest income is based upon it having a reasonable expectation of the amount and timing of the cash flows expected to be collected. When the timing and amount of cash flows expected to be collected are reasonably estimable, the Company uses these expected cash flows to apply the effective interest method of income recognition. 
 
 The Company s expectation of the amount of undiscounted cash flows to be collected is evaluated at the end of each calendar quarter. The net present value of changes in expected cash flows as compared to contractual amounts due, whether caused by timing or investment performance, is reported in the period in which it arises and is reflected as an increase or decrease in the allowance for expected credit losses to the extent a provision for expected credit losses is recorded against the investment. If no provision for expected credit losses is recorded against the investment, the increase in expected future cash flows is recognized prospectively as an increase in yield. 
 
 Risks inherent in the Company's beneficial interest portfolio include the risk of default, delays and inconsistency in the frequency and amount of payments, risks affecting borrowers such as man-made or natural disasters and damage to or delay in realizing the value of the underlying collateral. The Company monitors the credit quality of the mortgage loans underlying its beneficial interests on an ongoing basis, principally by considering loan payment activity or delinquency status. In addition, the Company assesses the expected cash flows from the mortgage loans, the fair value of the underlying collateral and other factors, and evaluates whether and when it becomes probable that all amounts contractually due will not be collected. 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 F-18 

years. The Company performs an impairment analysis for rental property using estimated cash flows if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may be impaired. 
 
 million, net of offering costs, of preferred stock in series and warrants to institutional accredited investors in a series of private placements. The Company issued shares of Series A Fixed-to-Floating Rate Preferred Stock and shares of Series B Fixed-to-Floating Rate Preferred Stock. The shares have a liquidation preference of per share. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company completed a series of preferred share repurchases. The Company repurchased and retired shares of its Series A Fixed-to-Floating Rate Preferred Stock and shares of its Series B Fixed-to-Floating Rate Preferred Stock. 
 
 series of warrants to purchase an aggregate of shares of the Company's common stock at an exercise price of per share. 
 
 million, reduced to million at December 31, 2022 due to the Company's repurchases and retirement of warrants. The Company is accreting the amount of the liability under the effective interest method to its expected future put value and marks the obligation to market through earnings at each balance sheet date. The Company determines the fair value using a discounted cash flow method. The future put obligation was reduced to million as of December 31, 2022 from an original value of million due to the Company's repurchases and retirement of warrants. 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 F-19 

million and million, respectively. The 2024 Notes bear interest at a rate of per annum, payable quarterly in arrears on January 15, April 15, July 15 and October 15 of each year. The 2024 Notes will mature on April 30, 2024, unless earlier repurchased, converted or redeemed. During certain periods and subject to certain conditions, the 2024 Notes will be convertible by their holders into shares of the Company's common stock at a current conversion rate of shares of common stock per principal amount of the notes, which represents a conversion price of approximately per share of common stock. The conversion rate, and thus the conversion price, are subject to adjustment under certain circumstances. 
 
 Coupon interest on the 2024 Notes is recognized using the accrual method of accounting. Discount and deferred issuance costs are carried on the Company s consolidated balance sheets as a reduction of the carrying value of the 2024 Notes, and are amortized to interest expense on an effective yield basis through April 30, 2023, the date at which the 2024 Notes can be converted. The Company assumes the debt will be converted at the specified conversion date for purposes of amortizing issuance costs because the Company believes such conversion will be in the economic interest of the holders. No sinking fund has been established for redemption of the principal. 
 
 million and a corresponding increase in the carrying value of its Convertible senior notes of million, representing the carrying value of the conversion feature associated with the notes. See Recently Adopted Accounting Standards, below. 

million aggregate principal amount of senior unsecured notes due September 2027 (the "2027 Notes"). The 2027 Notes have a term and were issued at of par value and are fully and unconditionally guaranteed by the Company and of its subsidiaries: Great Ajax Operating LLC (the "GP Guarantor") and Great Ajax II Operating Partnership L.P. (the "Subsidiary Guarantor," and together with the Company and the GP Guarantor, the "Guarantors"). The 2027 Notes are included in the Company's liabilities in its consolidated balance sheet at December 31, 2022. Interest on the 2027 Notes is payable semi-annually on March 1 and September 1, with the first payment due and payable on March 1, 2023. The 2027 Notes will mature on September 1, 2027. Net proceeds from the sale of the 2027 Notes totaled approximately million, after deducting the discount, commissions, and offering expenses which will be amortized over the term of the 2027 Notes using the effective interest method. The Company used million of the proceeds to repurchase and retire a portion of its outstanding Series A and Series B Fixed-to-Floating Rate Preferred Stock at a discount, and a proportionate amount of outstanding warrants. The remainder of the proceeds is expected to be used for general corporate purposes. At December 31, 2022, the UPB of the 2027 Notes was million. 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 F-20 

of the base and incentive fees in cash or in shares of the Company's common stock. Management fees are expensed in the quarter incurred and the portion payable in common stock, if any, is accrued at quarter end. See Note 10 Related Party Transactions. 
 
 annually of the UPB of loans that are re-performing at acquisition to annually of UPB of loans that are non-performing at acquisition. Servicing fees are paid monthly. The total fees incurred by the Company for these services depends upon the UPB and type of mortgage loans that the Servicer services pursuant to the terms of the Servicing Agreement. The fees do not change if an RPL becomes non-performing or vice versa. Servicing fees for the Company s real property assets are the greater of (i) the servicing fee applicable to the underlying mortgage loan prior to foreclosure, or (ii) annually of the fair market value of the REO as reasonably determined by the Manager or annually of the purchase price of any REO otherwise purchased by the Company. The Servicer is reimbursed for all customary, reasonable and necessary out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred in the performance of its obligations, including the actual cost of any repairs and renovations undertaken on the Company s behalf. 
 
 The total fees incurred by the Company for these services will be dependent upon the UPB and the type of mortgage loans that the Servicer services, for fees based on mortgage loans, and property values, previous UPB of the relevant loan, and the number of REO properties for fees based on REO properties. The Servicing Agreement will automatically renew for successive terms, subject to prior written notice of non-renewal. In certain cases, the Company may be obligated to pay a termination fee. The Management Agreement will automatically terminate at the same time as the Servicing Agreement if the Servicing Agreement is terminated for any reason. See Note 10 Related Party Transactions. 
 
 from the date such shares of common stock are received. 
 
 Under the Company s 2014 Director Equity Plan (the Director Plan ), the Company may make stock-based awards to its directors. The Director Plan is designed to promote the Company s interests by attracting and retaining qualified and experienced individuals for service as non-employee directors. The Director Plan is administered by the Company s Board of Directors. The total number of shares of common stock or other stock-based awards, including grants of long-term incentive plan units LTIP Units from the Operating Partnership, available for issuance under the Director Plan is shares. The Company issued to each of its independent directors restricted stock awards of shares of its common stock upon joining the Board of Directors. The Company may also periodically issue additional restricted stock awards to its independent directors under the Director Plan. In addition, through December 31, 2021, each of the Company s independent directors received an annual fee of , payable quarterly, in shares of the Company s common stock and in cash. The annual fee was increased to , of which is payable in shares of the Company's common stock and in cash, effective as of 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 F-21 

, payable quarterly, in cash. The annual fee was increased to , payable in cash, effective as of January 1, 2022. Through December 31, 2021, the chairperson of the audit committee received an annual fee of , payable quarterly, in cash. The annual fee was increased to , payable in cash, effective as of January 1, 2022. Stock-based expense for the directors annual fee and the committee chairperson's annual fee is expensed as earned, in equal quarterly amounts during the year, and accrued at quarter end. 
 
 Under the Company's 2016 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2016 Plan the Company may make stock-based awards to attract and retain non-employee directors, executive officers, key employees and service providers, including officers and employees of the Company s affiliates. The 2016 Plan authorized the issuance of up to of the Company s outstanding shares from time to time on a fully diluted basis (assuming, if applicable, the conversion of any outstanding warrants and convertible senior notes into shares of common stock). Grants of restricted stock under the 2016 Plan use grant date fair value of the stock as the basis for measuring the cost of the grant. Forfeitures of granted shares are accounted for in the period in which they occur. Share grants vest over the relevant service periods. The grant shares may not be sold by the recipient until the end of the service period, even if certain of the shares were subject to a ratable vesting and were fully vested before completion of the service period. 

billion. Certain account balances exceed Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC insurance coverage and, as a result, there is a concentration of credit risk related to amounts on deposit in excess of FDIC insurance coverage. 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 F-22 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 F-23 

term of the put option liability. The fair value of the Company's put option liability is measured quarterly with adjustments posted to the Company's consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 The Company s borrowings under its repurchase agreements are short-term in nature, and the Manager believes it can renew the current borrowing arrangements on similar terms in the future. Accordingly, the carrying value of these borrowings approximates fair value. 
 
 The Company's 2024 Notes are traded on the NYSE under the ticker symbol "AJXA"; the debt s fair value is determined from the closing price on the balance sheet date. The 2024 Notes may be redeemable at par plus accrued interest beginning on April 30, 2022 subject to satisfying the conversion price trigger. The Company carries its 2024 Notes net of deferred issuance cost. Accordingly, the difference between fair value and carrying value is partially driven by the deferred issuance costs. 
 
 The 2027 Notes payable fair value is determined using estimates provided by third party valuation services using observed transactions for similar financing arrangements. The 2027 Notes will mature on September 1, 2027, unless earlier repurchased or redeemed. The Company carries the 2027 Notes payable net of deferred issuance costs. 
 
 The fair value of property held-for-sale is determined using the lower of its acquisition basis or net realizable value. Net realizable value is determined based on BPOs, appraisals, or other market indicators of fair value, which are then reduced by anticipated selling costs. Net unrealized losses due to changes in market value are recognized through a valuation allowance by charges to income. 
 
 The carrying values of the Company's Cash and cash equivalents, Receivable from Servicer, Prepaid expenses and other assets, Management fee payable and Accrued expenses and other liabilities are equal to or approximate fair value. 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 F-24 

million at December 31, 2021, from Cash held in trust in its consolidated balance sheets to Prepaid expenses and other assets, to conform to the current period presentation. This resulted in a reclassification in its reported cash flows to Prepaid expenses and other assets, of million and million during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Also, the beginning of period cash balance in its reported cash flows were impacted by million and thousand during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. There was no effect on the Company's reported earnings. The Company reclassified its real estate operating expenses of million and million for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, from Real estate operating expenses to Other expense on its consolidated statements of income to conform to the current period presentation. There was no effect on the Company's reported earnings or cash flows for the periods presented. The Company reclassified its taxes and regulatory expense relating to income tax of million for both the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 from Other expense to Provision for income taxes on its consolidated statements of income to conform to the current period presentation. There was no effect on the Company's reported earnings or cash flows for the periods presented. 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 F-25 

million and a corresponding increase in the carrying value of its 2024 Notes of million, representing the carrying value of the conversion feature associated with the 2024 Notes. 
 
 Recently Issued Accounting Standards 
 
 In March 2022, the FASB issued ASU 2022-02, Financial Instruments Credit Losses (Topic 326) Troubled Debt Restructurings and Vintage Disclosures. The amendments in this update eliminate the accounting guidance for troubled debt restructurings by creditors, and require that an entity disclose current period gross write offs by year of origination for financing receivables and net investments in leases within the scope of subtopic 326-20. This guidance is effective for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2022, with early adoption permitted. The Company does not believe this standard will have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 
 
 In June 2022, the FASB issued ASU 2022-03, Fair Value Measurement (Topic 820) Fair Value Measurement of Equity Securities Subject to Contractual Sale Restrictions. The amendments in this update clarify that a contractual restriction on the sale of an equity security is not considered part of the unit of account of the equity security and, therefore, is not considered in measuring fair value. The amendments also clarify that an entity cannot, as a separate unit of account, recognize and measure a contractual sale restriction. The amendments in this update also require the additional disclosures for equity securities subject to contractual sale restrictions. This guidance is effective for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2023, with early adoption permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact on its consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 

Note 3 
 
 Residential NPLs SBC loans Total 
 
 Included on the Company s consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 are approximately billion and billion, respectively, of RPLs, NPLs, and SBC loans that are held-for-investment and approximately and million, respectively, of RPLs held-for-sale. At March 31, 2022 the Company reclassified million of Mortgage loans held-for-sale to the Mortgage loans held-for-investment line in its consolidated balance sheet as it no longer intends to sell these loans. 
 
 The categorization of RPLs, NPLs and SBC loans is determined at acquisition. The carrying value of RPLs, NPLs and SBC loans reflects the original investment amount, plus accretion of interest income as well as credit and non-credit discount, less principal and interest cash flows received. The carrying values at December 31, 2022 and 2021 for the Company's loans in the table above, are presented net of a cumulative allowance for expected credit losses of million and million, respectively, reflected in the appropriate lines in the table by loan type. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 the Company recognized million, million and million, respectively, of revenue due to a net decrease in expected credit losses resulting from increases in the present value of the expected cash flows. Also, for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 the Company recognized accretable yield of million, million and million, respectively, with respect to its RPL, NPL and SBC loans. 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 F-26 

and RPLs with UPB of million and million, respectively. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, and NPLs were purchased with UPB of million and million, respectively. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company acquired SBC loans, however, during 2021, the Company acquired SBC loans with UPB of million. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022 the Company sold mortgage loans. Comparatively during the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company sold loans with a carrying value of million and UPB of million, to a sponsored joint venture between the Company and a third party accredited institutional investor resulting in the removal of the related loans from the consolidated balance sheet. The Company retained various classes of securities from the joint venture. See Note 10 Related Party Transactions. 
 
 The Company adopted CECL using the prospective transition approach for PCD assets on January 1, 2020. At the time, million of loan discount was reclassified to the allowance for expected credit losses with no net impact on the amortized cost basis of the portfolio. The Company has historically viewed its mortgage loan portfolio based on a combination of loan performance and legal ownership for loans held by certain consolidated trusts, and used pools at December 31, 2021 to aggregate its portfolio of PCD loans, and pools for its non-PCD loans at December 31, 2021. 
 
 During the first quarter of 2022, the Company re-pooled all of the mortgage loans in its portfolio to reflect recent trends in market conditions and loan performance. At January 1, 2022, the Company's mortgage loans were re-aggregated based on payment patterns observed during the prior month period. The portfolio is split between the Operating Partnership and Great Ajax REIT II as the entities are separate taxpayers and must maintain separate and complete books and records. At both the Operating Partnership and Great Ajax REIT II, the Company uses the following pools for a total of CECL pools: 
 
 1. Loans that have made at least of the last payments, either sequentially or in bulk and that have at least thousand in absolute dollars of borrower equity; 
 2. Loans that have made at least of the last payments, either sequentially or in bulk and that have less than thousand in absolute dollars of borrower equity; and 
 3. Loans that have not made at least of the last payments. 
 
 Based on historical data, the Company has observed that borrowers that make at least of the last payments, either sequentially or in bulk, are significantly less likely to default. Additionally, the Company has similarly observed that thousand absolute dollars of equity similarly drives a lower default rate and reduces loss severity in the event of foreclosure. 
 
 At December 31, 2021, the Company aggregated its PCD mortgage loans in loan pools. Great Ajax REIT II holds loans included in the Company's rated securitization transaction which had all made at least of the last payments and met the pay string and loan to value requirements to obtain a AAA rating on the senior bond. Pool California contains all loans from California that were not included in Great Ajax REIT II. The Company's California loans generally outperform those of other states in that the Company rarely takes back an REO property because it receives foreclosure bids that exceed its investment in the mortgage loan. 7f7 and better contains all loans that have made at least on time payments, either sequentially or in bulk. Pool 6f6 and below contains loans that have not made of the last payments and, accordingly, have a much lower survival rate assumption in expected cash flows. Pool 2021-B is an on-balance-sheet secured 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 F-27 

loan pools. During the three months ended March 31, 2022, the Company determined that the risk characteristics of the loans in its non-PCD loan pools were not materially different from the risk characteristics of the loans in its PCD loan pools and re-pooled these loans into its other loan pools based on the underlying characteristics. 
 
 GAOP - 7f7 50 Great Ajax II REIT - 7f7 
 December 31, 2021 Mortgage loans held-for-investment, net 2021 2020 2019 2018 2017 2016 2009-2015 2006-2008 2005 and prior Total Great Ajax II REIT 2021-B 2019-C California 7f7 and better 6f6 and below 18-1 LLC Non-PCD Total 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 F-28 

Total 
 
 Discount ) ) ) Allowance ) ) Purchase Price 
 
 The Company performs an analysis of its expectation of the amount of undiscounted cash flows expected to be collected from its mortgage loan pools at the end of each calendar quarter. Under CECL, the Company adjusts its allowance for expected credit losses when there are changes in its expectation of future cash flows as compared to the amounts expected to be contractually received. An increase to the allowance for expected credit losses will occur when there is a reduction in the Company's expected future cash flows as compared to its contractual amounts due. Reduction to the allowance, or recovery, may occur if there is an increase in expected future cash flows that were previously subject to an allowance for expected credit loss. A decrease in the allowance for expected credit losses is generally facilitated by reclassifying amounts to non-credit discount from the allowance and then recording the recovery. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded a million reclassification from non-credit discount to the allowance for expected credit losses, which was followed by a million reduction of the allowance for expected credit losses due to increases in the net present value of expected cash flows. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company also recorded a million increase in the allowance for expected credit losses due to new acquisitions. Comparatively, during the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recorded a million reclassification from non-credit discount to the allowance for expected credit losses, which was followed by a million reduction of the allowance for expected credit losses due to the increase in the net present value of expected cash flows. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company also recorded a million increase in the allowance for expected credit losses due to new acquisitions. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company reclassified million of allowance to non-credit discount to reflect the impact of moving pool 2017-D to mortgage loans to a held-for-sale, net classification on the balance sheet. During the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company recorded a million reclassification from non-credit discount to the allowance for expected credit losses, which was followed by a million reversal of the allowance for expected credit losses due to the increase in the net present value of expected cash flows. During the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company also recorded a million increase in the allowance for expected credit losses due to new acquisitions.) ) ) Beginning period adjustment for CECL ) Reclassification from non-credit discount to the allowance for changes in payment expectations ) ) ) Increase in allowance for expected credit losses for loan acquisitions ) ) ) Credit loss expense on mortgage loans ) ) ) Reversal of allowance for expected credit losses due to increases in the net present value of expected cash flows Reversal of allowance upon reclass of mortgage loans held-for-sale, net Allowance for expected credit losses, end of period ) ) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 F-29 

GAOP - 7f7 50 Great Ajax II REIT - 7f7 
 As of December 31, 2021 Mortgage loans held-for-investment, net Current 30 60 90 Foreclosure Total Great Ajax II REIT 2021-B 2019-C California 7f7 and better 6f6 and below 18-1 LLC Non-PCD Total 
 
 As of December 31, 2021 Mortgage loans held-for-sale, net Current 30 60 90 Foreclosure Total Ajax N Total 

Note 4 
 
 million and million, respectively, all of which related to properties held-for-sale. REO property is considered held-for-sale if the REO is expected to be actively marketed for sale. Also, included in the properties held-for-sale balance for the periods as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, was million and million, respectively, for properties undergoing renovation or which are otherwise in the process of being brought to market. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had a total of and real estate owned properties, respectively. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the majority of the additions to REO held-for-sale were acquired through foreclosure or deed in lieu of foreclosure, reclassified out of the mortgage loan portfolio or from rental properties, or acquired through direct purchase. 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 F-30 

Net transfers from mortgage loans Purchases Adjustments to record at lower of cost or fair value ) ) Depreciation on rental properties (1) 
 ) Disposals ) ) ) ) Balance at end of period 
 
 (1) The Company incurred depreciation on rental properties during the year ended December 31, 2021, however, all rental properties were sold as of the end of 2021. 
 
 Dispositions 
 
 and REO properties realizing net gains of approximately million during both years. These amounts are included in Other income on the Company's consolidated statements of operations. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded expense of lower of cost or net realizable value adjustments in real estate operating expense of million and million, respectively. 

Note 5 

) Investment in beneficial interests at amortized cost, net of allowance for credit losses Total investments ) 
 (1) Basis amount is net of amortized discount, principal paydowns and interest receivable on securities of million. 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 F-31 

) Investment in beneficial interests at amortized cost, net of allowance for credit losses Total investments ) 
 
 (1) Basis amount is net of amortized discount, allowance for expected credit losses on beneficial interests, principal paydowns and interest receivable on securities of million. 
 
 ) Debt securities due November 2051 (4) 
 March 2025 ) Debt securities due September 2059 (5) 
 February 2023/April 2023 ) Debt securities due November 2059 (4) 
 April 2023 ) Debt securities due December 2059 (4) 
 July 2023 ) Debt securities due March 2060 (4) 
 February 2025 ) Debt securities due June 2060 (4) 
 March 2024 ) Debt securities due September 2060 (3) 
 March 2024 ) Debt securities due December 2060 (4) 
 July 2029 ) Debt securities due January 2061 (4) 
 September 2024 ) Debt securities due June 2061 (6) 
 January 2025/February 2025 ) Debt securities due October 2061 (3) 
 April 2029 ) Debt securities due March 2062 (3) 
 May 2029 ) Total ) 
 (1) Step-up date is the date at which the coupon interest rate on the security increases. The Company expects the security to be called before the step-up date. 
 (2) Basis amount is net of any realized amortized costs and principal paydowns. 
 (3) This security has been in an unrealized loss position for less than 12 months. 
 (4) This security has been in an unrealized loss position for 12 months or longer. 
 (5) This line is comprised of two securities that are both due September 2059. One security with a balance of million has been in a loss position for 12 months or longer and has a step-up date in February 2023, and the other security of million has been in a loss position for 12 months or longer and has a step-up date in April 2023. 
 (6) This line is comprised of two securities that are both due June 2061. One security with a balance of million has been in an unrealized loss position for 12 months or longer and has a step-up date in January 2025, and the other security of million has been in a loss position for 12 months or longer and has a step-up date in February 2025. 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 F-32 

) Debt securities due June 2057 (3) 
 April 2022 (5) 
 ) Debt securities due September 2059 (3) 
 February 2023 ) Debt securities due December 2059 (3) 
 July 2023 ) Debt securities due March 2060 (3) 
 February 2025 ) Debt securities due January 2061 (3) 
 September 2024 ) Debt securities due June 2061 (4) 
 January 2025/February 2025 ) Total ) 
 (1) Step-up date is the date at which the coupon interest rate on the security increases. The Company expects the security to be called before the step-up date. 
 (2) Basis amount is net of any realized amortized costs and principal paydowns. 
 (3) This security has been in an unrealized loss position for less than 12 months. 
 (4) This line is comprised of two securities that are both due June 2061. One security with a balance of million has been in an unrealized loss position for less than 12 months and has a step-up date in January 2025, and the other security of million been in a loss position for less than 12 months and has a step-up date in February 2025. 
 (5) On January 25, 2022 the step-up date for this security was extended from January 2022 to April 2022. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had a gross unrealized loss of million and gross unrealized gains in fair valuation adjustments in accumulated other comprehensive income on the consolidated balance sheet on total investments with a fair value of million, which includes million in interest receivable. As of December 31, 2021, the Company recorded million of gross unrealized gains and a gross unrealized loss of million in fair valuation adjustments in accumulated other comprehensive income on the consolidated balance sheet on total investments with a fair value of million, which includes million in interest receivable. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company re-securitized, with an accredited institutional investor, Ajax Mortgage Loan Trust 2018-D and 2018-G ("2018-D and -G") joint ventures into Ajax Mortgage Loan Trust 2022-A ("2022-A") and retained or million of varying classes of agency rated securities and equity. 2022-A acquired RPLs and NPLs with UPB of million and an aggregate property value of million. The AAA through A rated securities represent of the UPB of the underlying mortgage loans and carry a weighted average coupon of . This is the first fully rated securitization structure to include a substantial amount of NPLs. Approximately of loan UPB in 2022-A was 60 days or more delinquent. Also, the Company re-securitized, with an accredited institutional investor, Ajax Mortgage Loan Trust 2019-A and 2019-B ("2019-A and -B") joint ventures into Ajax Mortgage Loan Trust 2022-B ("2022-B") and retained or million of varying classes of agency rated securities and equity. 2022-B acquired RPLs and NPLs with UPB of million and an aggregate property value of million. The AAA through A rated securities represent of the UPB of the underlying mortgage loans and carry a weighted average coupon of . Comparatively, during the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company acquired million in aggregate of debt securities and beneficial interests issued by joint ventures between the Company and third party institutional accredited investors. The joint ventures issued senior notes and beneficial interests. In certain transactions, the joint ventures also issued subordinated notes. Of the million the Company acquired million in senior notes, million in subordinate notes and million in beneficial interests issued by joint ventures. At December 31, 2022, the investments in debt securities and beneficial interests were carried on the Company's consolidated balance sheet at million and million, respectively. At December 31, 2021, the investments in debt securities and beneficial interests were carried on the Company's consolidated balance sheet at million and million, respectively. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company sold senior notes issued by certain joint ventures and recognized a loss of million. Comparatively, during the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company sold senior notes issued by certain joint ventures and recognized a gain of million. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had securities that were past due. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized a loss of million in loss on joint venture refinancing on beneficial interests. This resulted from the Company recording an impairment of million on its beneficial interests during the first quarter of 2022 in 2018-D and -G in other loss/income on its consolidated statements of operations, which became a realized loss when the transaction closed during the second quarter of 2022. During the second quarter of 2022, the Company recorded a loss of million on its beneficial interests in 2019-A and -B in other loss/income on its 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 F-33 

Discount ) ) Allowance ) Purchase Price 
 
 The Company generally recognizes accretable yield and increases and decreases in the net present value of expected cash flows in earnings in the period they occur. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 the Company recognized accretable yield of million, million and million, respectively, on its beneficial interest. An expense is recorded to increase the allowance for expected credit losses when there is a reduction in the Company s expected future cash flows compared to contractual amounts due. Income is recognized if there is an increase in expected future cash flows to the extent an allowance has been recorded against the beneficial interest. If there is no allowance for expected credit losses recorded against a beneficial interest, any increase in expected cash flows is recognized prospectively as a change in yield. A decrease in the allowance for expected credit losses is generally facilitated by reclassifying amounts to non-credit discount from the allowance and then recording the reduction to the allowance through the income statement. Management assesses the credit quality of the portfolio and the adequacy of loss reserves on a quarterly basis, or more frequently as necessary. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded a million reclassification to non-credit discount from the allowance for changes in payment expectations and million increase in the allowance for expected credit losses due to decreases in the net present value of expected cash flows. Comparatively, during the years ended December 31, 2021 the Company recorded a million reclassification to non-credit discount from the allowance for changes in payment expectations and reduction of the allowance for expected credit losses for beneficial interests of million. Also, during the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recorded a million increase in the allowance for expected credit losses due to new acquisitions. During the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company recorded a reclassification from non-credit discount to the allowance for changes in payment expectations of million and reduction of the allowance for expected credit losses for beneficial interests of million. Also, during the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company recorded a million increase in the allowance for expected credit losses due to new acquisitions. ) Beginning period adjustment for CECL ) Reclassification to/(from) non-credit discount from/(to) the allowance for changes in payment expectations ) Increase in allowance for credit losses for acquisitions ) ) Credit loss expense on beneficial interests ) ) ) (Increase in)/reversal of allowance for expected credit losses due to (decreases)/increases in the net present value of expected cash flows ) Allowance for expected credit losses, ending balance ) ) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 F-34 

Note 6 
 
 Recurring financial liabilities Put option liability 
 
 Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 December 31, 2021 Carrying value Quoted prices in active markets Observable inputs other than Level 1 prices Unobservable inputs Recurring financial assets Investment in debt securities at fair value Recurring financial liabilities Put option liability 
 
 Investment in beneficial interests Investment in Manager Investment in AS Ajax E LLC AS Ajax E II LLC's investment in Ajax E Master Trust Investment in GAFS, including warrants Investment in Gaea Investment in Loan pool LLCs Financial liabilities Secured borrowings, net Borrowings under repurchase transactions Convertible senior notes, net Notes payable, net 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 F-35 

Mortgage loans held-for-sale, net Investment in beneficial interests Investment in Manager Investment in AS Ajax E LLC AS Ajax E II LLC's investment in Ajax E Master Trust Investment in GAFS, including warrants Investment in Gaea Investment in Loan pool LLCs Financial liabilities Secured borrowings, net Borrowings under repurchase agreement Convertible senior notes, net 
 
 Non-financial assets 
 
 The fair value of property held-for-sale is determined using the lower of its acquisition cost ("cost") or net realizable value. Net realizable value is determined based on BPOs, appraisals, or other market indicators of fair value less expected liquidation costs. The lower of cost or net realizable value for the Company s REO Property is stated as its carrying value. 
 
 ) 
 
 Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 December 31, 2021 Carrying value Fair value adjustment recognized in the consolidated statements of income Quoted prices in active markets Observable inputs other than Level 1 prices Unobservable inputs Non-financial assets Property held-for-sale ) 

Note 7 
 
 and , respectively, affiliated entities accounted for under the equity method of accounting. 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 F-36 

. The Company accounts for its ownership interest in the Manager using the equity method. 
 
 At both December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company's ownership interest was approximately in GAFS. The Company accounts for its investment in GAFS using the equity method. 
 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company owned approximately and of Gaea, respectively. The Company accounts for its ownership interest in Gaea using the equity method. 
 
 At both December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company s ownership interest in AS Ajax E LLC, a Delaware trust formed to own residential mortgage loans and residential real estate assets, was approximately . AS Ajax E LLC owns a equity interest in Ajax E Master Trust which holds a portfolio of RPLs. The Company accounts for its ownership interest using the equity method. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, of the loan pool LLCs sold its remaining loans, which reduced the Company's loan pools from to . At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company s ownership interest was approximately and , respectively, in and loan pool LLCs managed by the Servicer, respectively, which hold investments in RPLs and NPLs. The Company accounts for its ownership interest using the equity method. 
 
 , and at the Company s share in thousands): 
 
 Net income/(loss), assets and liabilities of unconsolidated affiliates at 
 
 For the year ended December 31, Net income/(loss) at 
 2022 2021 2020 AS Ajax E LLC Loan pool LLCs ) ) ) Thetis Asset Management LLC ) ) Gaea Real Estate Corp. ) Great Ajax FS LLC ) ) ) 
 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Assets and liabilities at 
 Assets Liabilities Assets Liabilities AS Ajax E LLC Loan pool LLCs Thetis Asset Management LLC Gaea Real Estate Corp. Great Ajax FS LLC 
 
 Net income/(loss), assets and liabilities of unconsolidated affiliates at the Company's share 
 
 For the year ended December 31, Net income/(loss) at the Company's share 2022 2021 2020 AS Ajax E LLC Loan pool LLCs ) ) ) Thetis Asset Management LLC ) ) Gaea Real Estate Corp. ) Great Ajax FS LLC ) ) ) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 F-37 

Loan pool LLCs Thetis Asset Management LLC Gaea Real Estate Corp. Great Ajax FS LLC 
 
 Consolidated Affiliates 
 
 The Company consolidates the results and balances of certain securitization trusts which are established to provide debt financing to the Company by securitizing pools of mortgage loans. These trusts are considered to be VIEs, and the Company has determined that it is the primary beneficiary of certain of these VIEs. See Note 9 Debt. 
 
 The Company also consolidates the activities and balances of its controlled affiliates, which include AS Ajax E II, which was established to hold an equity interest in a Delaware trust formed to own residential mortgage loans and residential real estate assets. At both December 31, 2022 and 2021, AS Ajax E II was owned by the Company, with the remainder held by third parties. 2017-D is a securitization trust formed to hold mortgage loans, REO property and secured borrowings. At both December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company held a ownership in the remaining loans held by 2017-D. Great Ajax II REIT wholly owns Great Ajax II Depositor LLC which acts as the depositor of mortgage loans into securitization trusts and holds subordinated securities issued by such trusts. At both December 31, 2022 and 2021, Great Ajax II REIT was owned by the Company. Similarly, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Operating Partnership wholly owned Great Ajax III Depositor LLC, which was formed to act as the depositor into 2021-E. 

Note 8 
 
 RPLs secured by single-family residences with aggregated UPB of million. See Note 16 Subsequent Events, for remaining open acquisitions as of the filing date. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company issued an aggregate of million, net of offering costs, of preferred stock in series and warrants to institutional accredited investors in a series of private placements. The Company issued shares of Series A Fixed-to-Floating Rate Preferred Stock and shares of Series B Fixed-to-Floating Rate Preferred Stock, and series of warrants to purchase an aggregate of shares of the Company's common stock at an exercise price of per share. The preferred shares have a liquidation preference of per share. Each series of warrants includes a put option that allows the holder to sell the warrants to the Company at a specified put price on or after July 6, 2023. U.S. GAAP requires the Company to account for the outstanding warrants as if the put option will be exercised by the holders. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company repurchased and retired shares of its series A preferred stock and of its series B preferred stock in a series of repurchase transactions. The series A and series B preferred stock was repurchased during the year ended December 31, 2022, for an aggregate of million at an average price of representing a discount of approximately to the face value of per share. The repurchase of the preferred stock caused the recognition of million of preferred stock discount during the year ended December 31, 2022. There were repurchases of preferred stock during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020. Also, during the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company repurchased and retired of the outstanding warrants for million. The remaining liability on the consolidated balance sheet at December 31, 2022 for the present value of the put liability on the remaining outstanding warrants is million, representing the fair value of the put liability at the balance sheet date. The Company is accreting the amount of the liability under the effective interest method to its expected future put value of million and marks the obligation to market through earnings. The expense is recognized in the Fair value adjustment on put option liability line of the Company's consolidated statements of operations. 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 F-38 

Initial recognition of put option liability Fair value adjustments during the period Repurchases ) Ending balance 
 
 Litigation, Claims and Assessments 
 
 From time to time, the Company may be involved in various claims and legal actions arising in the ordinary course of business. As of December 31, 2022, the Company was not a party to, and its properties were not subject to, any pending or threatened legal proceedings that individually or in the aggregate, are expected to have a material impact on its financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 

Note 9 
 
 repurchase facilities whereby the Company, through wholly owned Delaware trusts (the Trusts acquires pools of mortgage loans which are then sold by the Trusts, as Seller to separate counterparties, the buyer or buyers. One facility has a ceiling of million and the other million at any one time. Upon the time of the initial sale to the buyer, the Trust, with a simultaneous agreement, also agrees to repurchase the pools of mortgage loans from the buyer. Mortgage loans sold under these facilities carry interest calculated based on a spread to one-month SOFR, which is fixed for the term of the borrowing. The purchase price that the Trust realizes upon the initial sale of the mortgage loans to the buyer can vary between and of the asset s acquisition price, depending upon the facility being utilized and/or the quality of the underlying collateral. The obligations of the Trust to repurchase these mortgage loans at a future date are guaranteed by the Company's Operating Partnership. The difference between the market value of the asset and the amount of the repurchase agreement is generally the amount of equity in the position and is intended to provide the buyer with some protection against fluctuations in the value of the collateral, and/or a failure by the Company to repurchase the asset and repay the borrowing at maturity. 
 
 The Company has also entered into repurchase facilities substantially similar to the mortgage loan repurchase facilities, but where the pledged assets are securities retained from the Company's securitization transactions. These facilities have no effective ceilings. Each repurchase transaction represents its own borrowing. As such, the ceilings associated with these transactions are the amounts currently borrowed at any one time. The Company has effective control over the assets subject to all of these transactions; therefore, the Company s repurchase transactions are accounted for as financing arrangements. 
 
 The Servicer services these mortgage loans pursuant to the terms of a Servicing Agreement by and between the Servicer and each buyer. Each Servicing Agreement has the same fees and expenses terms as the Company s Servicing Agreement described under Note 10 Related Party Transactions. The Operating Partnership, as guarantor, will provide to the buyers a limited guaranty of certain losses incurred by the buyers in connection with certain events and/or the Seller s obligations under the mortgage loan purchase agreement, following the breach of certain covenants by the Seller, the occurrence of certain bad acts by the Seller, the occurrence of certain insolvency events of the Seller or other events specified in the Guaranty. As security for its obligations under the Guaranty, the guarantor will pledge the trust certificate representing the Guarantor s beneficial interest in the Seller. 
 
 A Bonds January 3, 2023 January 20, 2023 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 F-39 

May 3, 2023 May 22, 2023 B Bonds March 13, 2023 April 26, 2023 May 3, 2023 May 22, 2023 M Bonds May 3, 2023 May 22, 2023 Nomura - bonds (1) 
 A Bonds January 12, 2023 February 14, 2023 February 24, 2023 March 23, 2023 B Bonds February 14, 2023 February 24, 2023 March 23, 2023 Goldman Sachs - bonds (1) 
 A Bonds January 13, 2023 JP Morgan - bonds (1) 
 A Bonds March 7, 2023 March 24, 2023 B Bonds February 3, 2023 M Bonds March 7, 2023 April 11, 2023 JP Morgan - loans (2) 
 July 10, 2023 Nomura - loans (3) 
 October 5, 2023 Totals/weighted averages (4) 
 
 (1) Maximum borrowing capacity subject to pledging sufficient collateral is the equivalent of the amount outstanding as of December 31, 2022. 
 (2) Maximum borrowing capacity subject to pledging sufficient collateral as of December 31, 2022 was million. 
 (3) Maximum borrowing capacity subject to pledging sufficient collateral as of December 31, 2022 was million. 
 (4) Includes million of bonds that are consolidated on the Company's balance sheet for GAAP as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 December 31, 2021 Maturity Date Amount Outstanding Amount of Collateral Interest Rate Barclays - bonds (1) 
 A Bonds March 8, 2022 March 16, 2022 March 21, 2022 March 22, 2022 B Bonds March 16, 2022 March 21, 2022 March 22, 2022 M Bonds March 22, 2022 Nomura - bonds (1) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 F-40 

January 12, 2022 January 27, 2022 January 28, 2022 February 18, 2022 March 17, 2022 March 25, 2022 B Bonds February 11, 2022 February 24, 2022 March 17, 2022 March 25, 2022 Goldman Sachs - bonds (1) 
 A Bonds January 14, 2022 January 20, 2022 JP Morgan - bonds (1) 
 A Bonds April 1, 2022 June 10, 2022 B Bonds January 13, 2022 February 11, 2022 June 10, 2022 M Bonds April 19, 2022 JP Morgan - loans (2) 
 July 8, 2022 Nomura - loans (3) 
 September 22, 2022 Totals/weighted averages (4) 
 
 (1) Maximum borrowing capacity subject to pledging sufficient collateral is the equivalent of the amount outstanding as of December 31, 2021. 
 (2) Maximum borrowing capacity subject to pledging sufficient collateral as of December 31, 2021 was million. 
 (3) Maximum borrowing capacity subject to pledging sufficient collateral as of December 31, 2021 was million. 
 (4) Includes million of bonds that are consolidated on the Company's balance sheet for GAAP as of December 31, 2021. 
 
 The Guaranty establishes a master netting arrangement; however, the arrangement does not meet the criteria for offsetting within the Company s consolidated balance sheets. A master netting arrangement derives from contractual agreements entered into by two parties to multiple contracts that provides for the net settlement of all contracts covered by the agreements in the event of default under any one contract. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had million and million, respectively, of cash collateral on deposit with financing counterparties. This cash is included in Prepaid expenses and other assets on its consolidated balance sheets and is not netted against its Borrowings under repurchase agreements. 
 
 Gross amount of loans and securities pledged as collateral Other prepaid collateral Net collateral amount 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 F-41 

secured borrowings for its own balance sheet, not including its off-balance sheet joint ventures in which it holds investments in various classes of securities, pursuant to Rule 144A under the Securities Act, of which were outstanding at December 31, 2022. The secured borrowings are generally structured as debt financings. The loans included in the secured borrowings remain on the Company s consolidated balance sheet as the Company is the primary beneficiary of the securitization trusts, which are VIEs. The securitization VIEs are structured as pass through entities that receive principal and interest on the underlying mortgages and distribute those payments to the holders of the notes. The Company s exposure to the obligations of the VIEs is generally limited to its investments in the entities. The notes that are issued by the securitization trusts are secured solely by the mortgages held by the applicable trusts and not by any of the Company s other assets. The mortgage loans of the applicable trusts are the only source of repayment and interest on the notes issued by such trusts. The Company does not guarantee any of the obligations of the trusts under the terms of the agreement governing the notes or otherwise. 
 
 The Company s non-rated secured borrowings are generally structured with Class A notes, subordinated notes, and trust certificates, which have rights to the residual interests in the mortgages once the notes are repaid. The Company has retained the subordinate notes and the applicable trust certificates from non-rated secured borrowing outstanding at December 31, 2022. 
 
 The Company s rated secured borrowings are generally structured as REIT TMP transactions, which allow the Company to issue multiple classes of securities without using a REMIC structure or being subject to an entity level tax. The Company s rated secured borrowings generally issue classes of debt from AAA through mezzanine. The Company generally retains the mezzanine and residual certificates in the transactions. The Company has retained the applicable mezzanine and residual certificates from the other rated secured borrowings outstanding at December 31, 2022. The Company s rated secured borrowings are designated in the table below. 
 
 At March 31, 2021, the Company's 2017-D secured borrowing contained Class A notes and Class B certificates representing the residual interests in the mortgages held within the securitization trusts subsequent to repayment of the Class A notes. The Company had retained of both the Class A notes and Class B certificates from 2017-D; and the assets and liabilities were consolidated on the Company's consolidated balance sheets. During the second quarter of 2021, the majority of the loans in 2017-D were sold into 2021-C and the Class A note was redeemed. Based on the structure of the transaction the Company does not consolidate 2021-C under U.S. GAAP. 
 
 The Company's secured borrowings carry no provision for a step-up in interest rate on any of the Class B notes, except for 2021-B. 
 
 million July 25, 2027 Class A-2 notes due 2065 million July 25, 2027 Class A-3 notes due 2065 million July 25, 2027 Class M-1 notes due 2065 (1) 
 million None Class B-1 notes due 2065 (2) 
 million None Class B-2 notes due 2065 (2) 
 million variable (3) 
 None Class B-3 notes due 2065 (2) 
 million variable (3) 
 Deferred issuance costs ) million Rated Ajax Mortgage Loan Trust 2019-F/ November 2019 November 25, 2026 Class A-1 notes due 2059 million November 25, 2026 Class A-2 notes due 2059 million 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 F-42 

million November 25, 2026 Class M-1 notes due 2059 (1) 
 million None Class B-1 notes due 2059 (2) 
 million None Class B-2 notes due 2059 (2) 
 million variable (3) 
 None Class B-3 notes due 2059 (2) 
 million variable (3) 
 Deferred issuance costs ) million Rated Ajax Mortgage Loan Trust 2020-B/ August 2020 July 25, 2027 Class A-1 notes due 2059 million July 25, 2027 Class A-2 notes due 2059 million July 25, 2027 Class M-1 notes due 2059 (1) 
 million None Class B-1 notes due 2059 (2) 
 million None Class B-2 notes due 2059 (2) 
 million variable (3) 
 None Class B-3 notes due 2059 (2) 
 million variable (3) 
 Deferred issuance costs ) million Rated Ajax Mortgage Loan Trust 2021-A/ January 2021 January 25, 2029 Class A-1 notes due 2065 million January 25, 2029 Class A-2 notes due 2065 million January 25, 2029 Class M-1 notes due 2065 (1) 
 million None Class B-1 notes due 2065 (2) 
 million None Class B-2 notes due 2065 (2) 
 million variable (3) 
 None Class B-3 notes due 2065 (2) 
 million variable (3) 
 Deferred issuance costs ) million Non-rated Ajax Mortgage Loan Trust 2021-B/ February 2021 August 25, 2024 Class A notes due 2066 million February 25, 2025 Class B notes due 2066 (2) 
 million Deferred issuance costs ) million 
 
 (1) The Class M notes are subordinated, sequential pay, fixed rate notes. The Company has retained the Class M notes, with the exception of Ajax Mortgage Loan Trust 2021-A. 
 (2) The Class B notes are subordinated, sequential pay, with B-2 and B-3 notes having variable interest rates and are subordinate to the Class B-1 notes. The Class B-1 notes are fixed rate notes. The Company has retained the Class B notes. 
 (3) The interest rate is effectively the rate equal to the spread between the gross average rate of interest the trust collects on its mortgage loan portfolio minus the rate derived from the sum of the servicing fee and other expenses of the trust. 
 
 Servicing for the mortgage loans in the Company s secured borrowings is provided by the Servicer at servicing fee rates between of outstanding UPB and of outstanding UPB at acquisition, and is paid monthly. The determination of RPL or NPL status, which determines the servicing fee rates, is based on the status of the loan at acquisition and does not change regardless of the loan's subsequent performance. 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 F-43 

2019-F 2020-B 2021-A 2021-B (1) (1) 
 
 million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 Notes 
 
 2024 Notes (Convertible Senior Notes) 
 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company's 2024 Notes had carrying values of million and million, respectively. The 2024 Notes bear interest at a rate of per annum, payable quarterly in arrears on January 15, April 15, July 15 and October 15 of each year. The 2024 Notes will mature on April 30, 2024, unless earlier repurchased, converted or redeemed. During certain periods and subject to certain conditions the 2024 Notes will be convertible by their holders into shares of the Company's common stock at a conversion rate of shares of common stock per principal amount of the 2024 Notes, which represents a conversion price of approximately per share of common stock. The conversion rate, and thus the conversion price, may be subject to adjustment under certain circumstances. As of December 31, 2022, the amount by which the if-converted value falls short of the principal value for the entire series is million. 
 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the outstanding aggregate principal amount of the 2024 Notes was million and million, respectively, and discount and deferred expenses were million and million, respectively. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recognized interest expense on its outstanding 2024 Notes of million and million, respectively, which includes million and million of amortization of discount and deferred expenses, respectively. The effective interest rates of the 2024 Notes for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were and , respectively. 
 
 During 2022, the Company repurchased million aggregate principal of its 2024 Notes for a total purchase price of million. Comparatively, during 2021, the Company repurchased million aggregate principal of its 2024 Notes for a total purchase price of million. 
 
 On January 1, 2022, the Company adopted ASU 2020-06, Debt Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging Contracts in an Entity s Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40) by recording a reduction in its additional paid-in capital account of million and a corresponding increase in the carrying value of its 2024 Notes of million, representing the carrying value of the conversion feature associated with the 2024 Notes. See Note 2 Recently Adopted Accounting Standards. 
 
 Coupon interest on the 2024 Notes is recognized using the accrual method of accounting. Discount and deferred issuance costs are carried on the Company s consolidated balance sheets as a reduction of the carrying value of the 2024 Notes, and are amortized to interest expense on an effective yield basis through April 30, 2023, the date at which the 2024 Notes can be converted. The Company assumes the debt will be converted at the specified conversion date for purposes of amortizing issuance costs because the Company believes such conversion will be in the economic interest of the holders. No sinking fund has been established for redemption of the principal. 
 
 Holders may convert their 2024 Notes at their option prior to April 30, 2023 only under certain circumstances. In addition, the 2024 Notes will be convertible irrespective of those circumstances from, and including, April 30, 2023 to, and including, the business day immediately preceding the maturity date. Upon conversion, the Company will pay or deliver, as the case may be, cash, shares of its common stock or a combination of cash and shares of its common stock, at the Company's election. 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 F-44 

of the conversion price then in effect for at least trading days (whether or not consecutive) during any consecutive trading day period ending on, and including, the trading day immediately preceding the date on which the Company provides notice of redemption at a redemption price equal to of the principal amount of the 2024 Notes to be redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the redemption date. 
 
 2027 Notes (Unsecured Notes) 
 
 In August 2022, the Operating Partnership issued million aggregate principal amount of 2027 Notes. The 2027 Notes have a term and were issued at of par value and are fully and unconditionally guaranteed by the Company and are included in the Company's liabilities in its consolidated balance sheet at December 31, 2022. Interest on the 2027 Notes is payable semi-annually on March 1 and September 1, with the first payment due and payable on March 1, 2023. The 2027 Notes will mature on September 1, 2027. Net proceeds from the sale of the 2027 Notes totaled approximately million, after deducting the discount, commissions, and offering expenses which will be amortized over the term of the 2027 Notes using the effective interest method. The Company used million of the proceeds to repurchase and retire a portion of its outstanding Series A and Series B Fixed-to-Floating Rate Preferred Stock at a discount, and a proportionate amount of outstanding warrants. The remainder of the proceeds is expected to be used for general corporate purposes. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, the outstanding aggregate principal amount of the 2027 Notes was million, and discount and deferred expenses in aggregate were million. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized interest expense on the 2027 Notes of million, which includes million of amortization of discount and deferred expenses. The effective interest rate for the 2027 Notes for the year ended December 31, 2022 was . 
 
 2024 2024 Notes (Convertible Senior Notes) 2025 2026 2027 2027 Notes (Unsecured Notes) 

Note 10 
 
 Management fee Related party expense management fee Manager Loan servicing fees Related party expense loan servicing fees Servicer Affiliate loan interest income Interest income Servicer Income from equity investment (Loss)/income from investment in affiliates, net AS Ajax E LLC 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 F-45 

Loss from equity investment (Loss)/income from investment in affiliates, net Manager ) Loss from equity investment (Loss)/income from investment in affiliates, net Servicer ) Loss from equity investment (Loss)/income from investment in affiliates, net Gaea ) Loss from joint venture re-securitization on beneficial interests Loss on joint venture refinancing on beneficial interests 2019-A and -B ) Loss from joint venture re-securitization on beneficial interests Loss on joint venture refinancing on beneficial interests 2018-D and -G ) Loss on sale of securities Other (loss)/income Various non-consolidated joint ventures ) 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2021 Transaction Consolidated Statement of Operation location Counterparty Amount Interest income on securities and beneficial interest and net decrease in the net present value of expected credit losses on beneficial interests Net interest income after the impact of changes in the net present value of expected credit losses Various non-consolidated joint ventures Management fee Related party expense management fee Manager Loan servicing fees Related party expense loan servicing fees Servicer Income from equity investment (Loss)/income from investment in affiliates, net Manager Affiliate loan interest income Interest income Gaea Gain on sale of securities Other (loss)/income Various non-consolidated joint ventures Gain on sale of mortgage loans Other (loss)/income 2021-C Income from equity investment (Loss)/income from investment in affiliates, net Gaea Affiliate loan interest income Interest income Servicer Income from equity investment (Loss)/income from investment in affiliates, net AS Ajax E LLC Loss from equity investment (Loss)/income from investment in affiliates, net Loan pool LLCs ) Loss from equity investment (Loss)/income from investment in affiliates, net Great Ajax FS ) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 F-46 

Management fee Related party expense management fee Manager Loan servicing fees Related party expense loan servicing fees Servicer Income from equity investment (Loss)/income from investment in affiliates, net Gaea Gain on sale of securities Other (loss)/income Various non-consolidated joint ventures Income from equity investment (Loss)/income from investment in affiliates, net AS Ajax E LLC Loss from equity investment (Loss)/income from investment in affiliates, net Loan pool LLCs ) Loss from equity investment (Loss)/income from investment in affiliates, net Manager ) Loss from equity investment (Loss)/income from investment in affiliates, net Great Ajax FS ) Loss on sale of mortgage loans Other (loss)/income Gaea ) 
 
 The Company s consolidated balance sheets included the following significant related party balances in thousands): 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022 Transaction Consolidated Balance Sheet location Counterparty Amount Investment in beneficial interests Investments in beneficial interests Various non-consolidated joint ventures Receivables from Servicer Receivable from servicer Servicer Affiliate loan receivable and interest Prepaid expenses and other assets Servicer Management fee payable Management fee payable Manager Purchase of mortgage loans Mortgage loans held-for-investment, net Loan pool LLC Servicing fee payable Accrued expenses and other liabilities Servicer Payable to Servicer Accrued expenses and other liabilities Servicer 

For the year ended December 31, 2021 Transaction Consolidated Balance Sheet location Counterparty Amount Purchase of mortgage loans Mortgage loans held-for-investment, net 2019-C Investment in beneficial interests Investments in beneficial interests Various non-consolidated joint ventures Receivables from Servicer Receivable from servicer Servicer Affiliate loan receivable and interest Prepaid expenses and other assets Servicer Management fee payable Management fee payable Manager 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 F-47 

Expense reimbursements Accrued expenses and other liabilities Servicer Affiliate loan receivable interest Prepaid expenses and other assets Gaea Expense reimbursement receivable Prepaid expenses and other assets Servicer 
 
 The Company acquires debt securities and beneficial interests issued by joint ventures between the Company and third party institutional accredited investors. The joint ventures issue senior notes and beneficial interests and in certain transactions, the joint ventures also issue subordinated notes. As of December 31, 2022, the investments in debt securities and beneficial interests were carried on the Company's consolidated balance sheet at million and million, respectively. As of December 31, 2021, the investments in debt securities and beneficial interests were carried on the Company's consolidated balance sheet at million and million, respectively. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized a loss of million in loss on joint venture refinancing on beneficial interests. The Company re-securitized 2018-D and -G and 2019-A and -B, which formed 2022-A and -B. Although the Company continues to own approximately the same interest in the underlying mortgage loans and related cash flows, the beneficial interests are accounted for as distinct legal securities and were received through a combination of the beneficial interest in 2022-A and -B and cash received from the sale of the underlying loans in 2022-A and -B. The decline in loan prices driven by disruption in the markets since year end resulted in lower than expected current cash proceeds at redemption. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company acquired the remaining of 2019-C from the Company's joint venture partner in exchange for cash consideration for the outstanding equity certificate and subordinate notes and the assumption of the obligation to repay the senior note outstanding. Subsequent to the acquisition, the senior and subordinate notes were retired in December 2021. The Company previously recorded its investment in 2019-C as Investment in debt securities and Investment in beneficial interests because it was not the primary beneficiary of the trust. Subsequent to acquiring the outstanding equity certificate, the Company became the sole owner of the trust and now reflects the underlying mortgage loans on its consolidated balance sheet. 
 
 On December 9, 2021, the Company became a party to a promissory note with the Servicer under which the Servicer can borrow up to million on a revolving line of credit from the Company. Interest on the arrangement accrues at annually. On December 14, 2022, the Servicer exchanged of the Company's shares of common stock to paydown million of the outstanding debt. At December 31, 2022, the amount outstanding on the note and interest was million. 
 
 On June 21, 2021, the Company became a party to a promissory note with Gaea under which Gaea can borrow up to million on a revolving line of credit from the Company. Funds advanced to Gaea under the note carry an interest rate of and are secured by a selection of Gaea's portfolio of mortgage loans. The maturity date of the loan was December 31, 2021 and at 2021, the note was repaid. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company sold loans with a carrying value of million and UPB of million to a joint venture formed between the Company and a third party institutional investor, and retained various classes of securities from the joint venture. 
 
 In June 2019, the Company entered into an arrangement with the Servicer as the borrower and the Company as the lender to advance funds secured by real property to facilitate the sale of REO properties from certain of the Company s joint ventures. Such funds are repaid no later than the liquidation of the real estate. The maximum amount available to the Servicer is million. At December 31, 2022, and 2021, the Company had advances outstanding to the Servicer. Interest on the arrangement accrues at annually. 
 
 During November 2019 and January 2022, Gaea completed private capital raises and has raised a total of million and issued shares of its common stock and warrants to third parties to advance its investment strategy. The Company has a total investment of million in Gaea and has received shares of common stock and warrants. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company owned approximately and of Gaea, respectively, with 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 F-48 

and , respectively. The Company accounts for its ownership interest in Gaea using the equity method. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2019, the Company acquired a cumulative average ownership interest in loan pool LLCs managed by the Servicer for million, which hold investments in RPLs and NPLs. During the year ended December 31, 2020, of the loan pool LLCs sold its remaining loans. Also, during the year ended December 31, 2022, another of the loan pool LLCs sold its remaining loans to the Company for a purchase price of million and UPB of million. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company s ownership interest was approximately and , respectively, in and loan pool LLCs managed by the Servicer, respectively. The Company accounts for its investment using the equity method. 
 
 On March 14, 2016, the Company formed AS Ajax E LLC to hold an equity interest in a Delaware trust formed to own residential mortgage loans and other residential real estate assets. AS Ajax E LLC owns a equity interest in Ajax E Master Trust which holds a portfolio of RPLs. At both December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company s ownership interest in AS Ajax E LLC was approximately . The Company accounts for its investment using the equity method. 
 
 Management Agreement 
 
 The Company is a party to the Amended and Restated Management Agreement with the Manager, which expires on March 5, 2034. Under the Management Agreement, the Manager implements the Company s business strategy and manages the Company s business and investment activities and day-to-day operations, subject to oversight by the Company s Board of Directors. Among other services, the Manager, directly or through affiliates, provides the Company with a management team and necessary administrative and support personnel. The Company does not currently have any employees that it pays directly and does not expect to have any employees that it pays directly in the foreseeable future. Each of the Company s executive officers is an employee or officer, or both, of the Manager or the Servicer. 
 
 Under the Management Agreement, the Company pays both a base management fee and an incentive fee to the Manager. The base management fee equals of the Company's stockholders equity, including equity equivalents such as the Company's issuance of convertible senior notes, per annum and calculated and payable quarterly in arrears. Also, under the First Amendment to the Third Amended and Restated Management Agreement with the Manager, which has an effective date of March 1, 2023, the Company's quarterly base management fee will include its unsecured debt securities to the extent the proceeds were used to repurchase the Company's preferred stock. 
 
 The management fee is payable with paid in shares of the Company's common stock and in cash. However, the Company has the option to pay its management fee with up to in cash at its discretion, and pay the remainder in shares of its common stock. 
 
 In the event the Company elects to pay its Manager in shares of its common stock, the calculation to determine the number of shares of the Company's common stock to be issued to the Manager is outlined below. The Manager has agreed to hold any shares of common stock received by it as payment of the base management fee for at least from the date such shares of common stock are received. 
 
 The Manager is also entitled to an incentive fee, payable quarterly and calculated in arrears, which contains both a quarterly and annual component. A quarterly incentive fee is payable to the Manager if the sum of the Company s dividends on its common stock paid out of taxable income and its increase in book value, all relative to the applicable quarter and calculated per-share on an annualized basis, exceed . The Manager will also be entitled to an annual incentive fee if the sum of the Company s quarterly cash dividends on its common stock paid out of taxable income, special cash dividends on its common stock paid out of taxable income and increase in book value within the applicable calendar year exceed of the Company s book value per share as of the end of the calendar year. However, no incentive fee will be payable to the Manager with respect to any calendar quarter unless the Company s cumulative core earnings, defined as U.S. GAAP net income or loss less non-cash equity compensation, unrealized gains or losses from mark to market adjustments, one-time adjustments to earnings resulting from changes to U.S. GAAP, and certain other non-cash items, is greater than zero for the most recently completed calendar quarters. In the event that the payment of the quarterly base management fee has not reached the 50/50 split, all of the incentive fee is payable in shares of the Company's common stock at its discretion and any until the 50/50 split occurs. In the event that the total payment of the quarterly base management fee and the incentive fee has reached the 50/50 split, of the remaining incentive fee is payable in shares of the Company's common stock and of the remaining incentive fee is payable in cash. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company may elect to pay the incentive fee entirely in cash at its discretion. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded an incentive fee of million. Comparatively, during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, the Company did record an incentive fee payable to the Manager. 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 F-49 

to annually of UPB at acquisition (or the fair market value or purchase price of REO), and are paid monthly. The servicing fee is based upon the status of the loan at acquisition. A change in status from RPL to NPL does not cause a change in the servicing fee rate. 
 
 Servicing fees for the Company s real property assets that are not held in joint ventures are the greater of (i) the servicing fee applicable to the underlying mortgage loan prior to foreclosure, or (ii) annually of the fair market value of the REO as reasonably determined by the Manager or annually of the purchase price of any REO otherwise purchased by the Company. 
 
 The Servicer is reimbursed for all customary, reasonable and necessary out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred in the performance of its obligations, including the actual cost of any repairs and renovations to foreclosed property undertaken on the Company s behalf. The total fees incurred by the Company for these services will be dependent upon the UPB and the type of mortgage loans that the Servicer services, for fees based on mortgage loans, and property values, previous UPB of the relevant loan, and the number of REO properties for fees based on REO properties. 
 
 If the Servicing Agreement has been terminated other than for cause and/or the Servicer terminates the servicing agreement, the Company will be required to pay a termination fee equal to the aggregate servicing fees payable under the servicing agreement for the immediate preceding 12-month period. 
 
 Trademark Licenses 
 
 Aspen has granted the Company a non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable, royalty-free license to use the name Great Ajax and the related logo. The Company also has a similar license to use the name Thetis. The agreement has no specified term. If the Management Agreement expires or is terminated, the trademark license agreement will terminate within days. In the event that this agreement is terminated, all rights and licenses granted thereunder, including, but not limited to, the right to use Great Ajax in its name will terminate. Aspen also granted to the Manager a substantially identical non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable, royalty-free license use of the name Thetis. 

Note 11 
 
 million, of which were settled in shares of its common stock in satisfaction of a component of the base management fee for the fourth quarter of 2021 that was approved by the Board during the first quarter of 2022. 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 F-50 

million and million, respectively, all of which was payable in cash. 
 
 Also, during the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded an incentive fee of million of which was settled in shares of its common stock. Comparatively, the Company recorded incentive fee during both of the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020. 
 
 As of December 31, 2021, each of the Company's independent directors received an annual retainer of , payable quarterly, in shares of the Company's common stock on the same basis as the stock portion of the management fee payable to the Manager and in cash. The annual fee was increased to , of which is payable in shares of the Company's common stock and in cash, effective January 1, 2022. As of December 31, 2021, the chairpersons of the Compensation and Corporate Governance committees each received an annual retainer of , payable quarterly, in cash. The annual fee was increased to , payable in cash, effective as of January 1, 2022. As of December 31, 2021, the chairperson of the Audit committee received an annual fee of , payable quarterly, in cash. The annual fee was increased to , payable in cash, effective as of January 1, 2022. 
 
 (1) Independent director fees Total 
 
 (1) Management fees were fully expensed during the fourth quarter of 2021, the period in which the services were provided. However, the shares associated with these services were approved and issued by the Board during the first quarter of 2022. 
 
 Restricted Stock 
 
 The Company periodically grants shares of its common stock to employees of its Manager and Servicer. The Company granted shares of its common stock in the year ended December 31, 2022, which have vesting periods up to . Comparatively, the Company granted shares of its common stock to employees of its Manager and Servicer in the year ended December 31, 2021, which have vesting periods of . Comparatively, the Company granted shares of its common stock to employees of its Manager and Servicer in the year ended December 31, 2020, which have vesting periods of . Grants of restricted stock use grant date fair value of the stock as the basis for measuring the cost of the grant. 
 
 Each independent member of the Company's Board of Directors is issued a restricted stock award of shares of the Company s common stock upon joining the Board. Additionally, the Company may issue grants of its shares of common stock from time to time to its directors. 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 F-51 

Shares vested ) Shares forfeited ) Shares granted December 31, 2020 outstanding unvested share grants Shares vested ) ) Shares forfeited ) Shares granted December 31, 2021 outstanding unvested share grants Shares vested ) ) Shares forfeited ) Shares granted December 31, 2022 outstanding unvested share grants (1) (2) 
 
 (1) Weighted average remaining life of unvested shares for employee and service provider grants at December 31, 2022 is years. 

Director grants Total expenses for plan grants 

Note 12 
 
 of its annual REIT taxable income to its stockholders. And as a REIT, the Company generally will not be subject to U.S. federal income tax to the extent the Company distributes its REIT taxable income to its stockholders and provided the Company satisfies the REIT requirements including certain asset, income, distribution and stock ownership tests. If the Company fails to qualify as a REIT, and does not qualify for certain statutory relief provisions, it will be subject to U.S. federal, state and local income taxes and may be precluded from qualifying as a REIT for the subsequent four taxable years following the year in which it lost its REIT qualification. 
 
 The Company s consolidated financial statements include the operations of TRS entities, GA-TRS and GAJX Real Estate Corp., which are subject to U.S. federal, state and local income taxes on their taxable income. 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company had consolidated taxable income of million and income tax expense of million of which million was income taxes on undistributed income. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company had consolidated taxable income of million and provision for income taxes of million. For the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company had consolidated taxable income of million and income tax benefit of 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 F-52 

thousand. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recognized a deferred tax asset of million and million, respectively. 

Note 13 Allocation of earnings to participating restricted shares Consolidated net loss attributable to unrestricted common stockholders ) ) Effect of dilutive securities (1)(2) 
 Restricted stock grants and manager and director fee shares ) Diluted EPS Consolidated net loss attributable to common stockholders and dilutive securities ) ) 
 
 (1) The Company's outstanding warrants for an additional shares of common stock and effect of the put option share settlement would have an anti-dilutive effect on diluted earnings per share for the year ended December 31, 2022, and have not been included in the calculation. 
 (2) The effect of interest expense and assumed conversion of shares from convertible notes on the Company diluted EPS calculation for the year ended December 31, 2022 would have been anti-dilutive and have been removed from the calculation. 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2021 Income 
 (Numerator) 
 Shares 
 (Denominator) 
 Per Share 
 Amount 
 Basic EPS Consolidated net income attributable to common stockholders Allocation of earnings to participating restricted shares ) Consolidated net income attributable to unrestricted common stockholders Effect of dilutive securities (1)(2) 
 Interest expense (add back) and assumed conversion of shares from convertible senior notes Diluted EPS Consolidated net income attributable to common stockholders and dilutive securities 
 
 (1) The Company's outstanding warrants for an additional shares of common stock and effect of the put option share settlement would have an anti-dilutive effect on diluted earnings per share for the year ended December 31, 2021, and have not been included in the calculation. 
 (2) The effect of restricted stock grants and manager and director fee shares on the Company's diluted EPS calculation for the year ended December 31, 2021 would have been anti-dilutive and have been removed from the calculation. 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 F-53 

Allocation of earnings to participating restricted shares ) Consolidated net income attributable to unrestricted common stockholders Effect of dilutive securities (1)(2) 
 Diluted EPS Consolidated net income attributable to common stockholders and dilutive securities 
 (1) The Company's outstanding warrants for an additional shares of common stock and effect of the put option share settlement would have an anti-dilutive effect on diluted earnings per share for the year ended December 31, 2020, and have not been included in the calculation. 
 (2) The effect of restricted stock grants and manager and director fee shares and interest expense and assumed conversion of shares from convertible notes on the Company's diluted EPS calculation for the year ended December 31, 2020 would have been anti-dilutive and have been removed from the calculation. 

Note 14 
 
 and shares, respectively, of par value common stock outstanding with shares authorized at each year end. 
 
 Preferred Stock 
 
 The Company has outstanding shares of preferred stock, which were issued to institutional accredited investors in a series of private placements during the first half of 2020. The Company issued shares of Series A Fixed-to-Floating Rate Preferred Stock and shares of Series B Fixed-to-Floating Rate Preferred Stock. The shares have a liquidation preference of per share. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company repurchased and retired shares of its series A preferred stock and shares of its series B preferred stock in a series of repurchase transactions. The series A and series B preferred stock was repurchased for an aggregate of million at an average price of per share, representing a discount of approximately to the face value of per share. The repurchase of the preferred stock caused the recognition of million of preferred stock discount during the year ended December 31, 2022. There was no repurchase of preferred stock during the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had and shares, respectively, of series A preferred stock and and shares, respectively, of series B preferred stock outstanding. There were shares, cumulative for all series, authorized as of both December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 Treasury Stock and Stock Repurchase Plan 
 
 On February 28, 2020, the Company's Board of Directors approved a stock buyback of up to million of its common shares. The amount and timing of any repurchases depends on a number of factors, including but not limited to the price and availability of the common shares, trading volume and general circumstances and market conditions. 
 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company repurchased and shares, respectively, of its common stock through open market transactions. As of December 31, 2022, the Company held shares of treasury stock consisting of shares received through distributions of the Company's shares previously held by its Manager, shares received through its Servicer and shares acquired through open market purchases. As of December 31, 2021, the Company held shares of treasury stock consisting of shares received through distributions of the Company's shares previously held by its Manager and shares acquired through open market purchases. 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 F-54 

and shares were issued, respectively, under the plan for total proceeds of approximately million and million, respectively. 
 
 At the Market Offering 
 
 The Company has entered into an equity distribution agreement under which the Company may sell shares of its common stock having an aggregate offering price of up to million from time to time in any method permitted by law deemed to be an At the Market offering as defined in Rule 415 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act. During the year ended December 31, 2022, shares were sold under the At the Market program for total net proceeds of approximately million. Comparatively, during the year ended December 31, 2021, shares were sold under the At the Market program for total net proceeds of approximately million. The Company is deploying the net proceeds to acquire mortgage loans and mortgage-related assets consistent with its investment strategy. 
 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income 
 
 The Company recognizes unrealized gains or losses on its investment in debt securities as components of other comprehensive income. 
 
 Unrealized losses ) ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive (loss)/income ) 
 
 Non-controlling Interest 
 
 At both December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had non-controlling interests attributable to ownership interests for legal entities. 
 
 At both December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company's ownership interest is approximately of AS Ajax E II and it consolidates the assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses of the entity. 
 
 At both December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company's ownership interest is approximately of 2017-D and it consolidates the assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses of the trust. 
 
 At both December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company's ownership interest is approximately of Great Ajax II REIT and it consolidates the assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses of the entity. 
 
 At both December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company owned of 2018-C as the non-controlling ownership was purchased by the Company during the year ended 2021 and the non-controlling interest was derecognized from the Company's balance sheet. 
 
 ) Decrease from the distribution of 2017-D ) ) Change in non-controlling interest ) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 F-55 

Note 15 
 
 Income/(loss) before provision for income taxes ) ) ) Consolidated net income/(loss) attributable to common stockholders ) ) ) Basic earnings/(loss) per common share ) ) ) Diluted earnings/(loss) per common share ) ) ) 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2021 First quarter Second quarter Third quarter Fourth quarter Total revenue, net Income before provision for income taxes Consolidated net income attributable to common stockholders Basic earnings per common share Diluted earnings per common share 

Note 16 
 
 residential RPLs with aggregate UPB of million in transactions from three sellers. The RPLs were acquired at of UPB and of the estimated market value of the underlying collateral of million. 
 
 The Company agreed to acquire, subject to due diligence, residential RPL in transaction with aggregate UPB of million. The purchase price of the residential RPL is or UPB and of the estimated market value of underlying collateral of million. 
 
 On January 31, 2023, the Company contributed an additional million of equity interest in GAFS. This increased its ownership from to . The Company accounts for its investment in GAFS using the equity method. 
 
 On February 2, 2023, the Company sold an unrated Class A senior bond in one of its joint ventures and recognized a loss of million. A cumulative million of this loss was already reflected in the Company's book value calculation through Accumulated other comprehensive loss/income at December 31, 2022. This cumulative loss was reclassified to loss on sale of securities and an additional million loss was recognized on the sale date. 
 
 On February 23, 2023, with an accredited institutional investor the Company refinanced its 2019-E, -G and -H joint ventures into Ajax Mortgage Loan Trust 2023-A ("2023-A") and retained million of varying classes of agency rated securities and equity. The Company retained of the AAA rated securities and of the AA through B rated securities and trust certificates from the trust. 2023-A acquired RPLs and NPLs with UPB of million and an aggregate property value of million. The AAA through A rated securities represent of the UPB of the underlying mortgage loans and carry a weighted average coupon of . Based on the structure of the transactions, the Company does not consolidate 2023-A under U.S. GAAP. 
 
 On February 21, 2023, the Company's Board of Directors approved the First Amendment to the Third Amended and Restated Management Agreement with the Manager, which has an effective date of March 1, 2023 and states that the stockholders' equity used to calculate the base management fee include the Company's unsecured debt securities to the extent the proceeds were used to repurchase its preferred stock. 
 
 On March 2, 2023, the Company's Board of Directors declared a dividend of per share to be paid on March 31, 2023 to stockholders of record as of March 17, 2023. 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 F-56 

- 
 11/03/2016 08/01/2061 50,000 99,999 - 
 02/01/2022 10/01/2062 100,000 149,999 - 
 07/01/2021 08/01/2065 150,000 199,999 - 
 06/01/2024 08/01/2065 200,000 249,999 - 
 08/01/2020 07/01/2064 250,000+ - 
 11/01/2020 05/01/2066 Total 
 
 (1) The aggregate cost for federal income tax purposes is million as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 The following table sets forth the activity in our mortgage loans in thousands): 
 
 January 1, 2022 through December 31, 2022 Mortgage loans held-for-investment, net Mortgage loans held-for-sale, net Beginning carrying value Mortgage loans acquired Accretion recognized Payments received on loans, net ) Net reclassifications from/(to) mortgage loans held-for-sale, net ) Reclassifications to REO ) Decrease in net present value of expected credit losses on mortgage loans and lower of cost or market adjustment Other Ending carrying value 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 F-57 

<EX-10.18>
 2
 exhibit1018-employmentagre.htm
 EX-10.18

Document 
 EXHIBIT 10.18 
 
 EXECUTION VERSION 

EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT 
 THIS AGREEMENT (the Agreement is entered into and effective as of March 4, 2022 and amends and restates the agreement previously amended and restated on March 4, 2019 and originally effective on March 29, 2016 (the Original Agreement by and among Aspen ML LLC, an Oregon limited liability company Employer ), Thetis Asset Management LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Thetis Asset ), Thetis Real Estate Management LLC Thetis Real Estate and together with Thetis Asset, Thetis ), Great Ajax Corp., a Maryland corporation Ajax ), GAEA Real Estate Corp, a Maryland corporation GAEA ), and Gregory Funding LLC, an Oregon limited liability Gregory , and, collectively with Thetis and Ajax, the Companies and Mary Doyle Executive ), an individual. 
 
 WHEREAS, pursuant to a management agreement, Thetis Asset is the manager of Ajax and, pursuant to a separate management agreement, Thetis Real Estate is the manager of GAEA, both real estate investment trusts, and Gregory services the mortgage loans and other assets owned by Ajax and GAEA 
 
 WHEREAS, Employer desires to continue to employ Executive to serve as the Chief Financial Officer of each of the Companies , on the terms and conditions set forth herein and 
 
 WHEREAS, Executive desires to continue to be employed by Employer and to serve as the Chief Financial Officer of each of the Companies, on the terms and conditions set forth herein. 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and of the material promises and conditions contained in this Agreement, the parties agree as follows 
 
 1. Representations and Warranties . 
 Employer and the Companies represent and warrant that they are empowered to enter into this Agreement. Executive represents and warrants that she is not a party to any employment contract, bond, confidentiality, non - competition or other agreement, and is not otherwise bound by any other obligation that would violate or be in conflict with the terms and conditions of this Agreement or encumber her performance of duties assigned to her by Employer or the Companies. Executive further represents and warrants that she has not signed or committed to any employment or consultant duties or other obligations that would divert her full attention from the duties assigned to her by Employer or the Companies under this Agreement. 
 
 2. Term of Employment . 
 Subject to earlier termination pursuant to the provisions of Section 8 of the Agreement, Executive's employment with Employer and service as Chief Financial Officer of the Companies under this Agreement shall continue from the effective date of this agreement on March 4, 2022 and, unless the parties agree in writing to extend the term of this Agreement, shall end on March 6, 2025 (the Term ). Executive's employment may be terminated by Employer for cause at any time and without prior notice. Executive ' s employment may also be terminated by Employer without cause at any time and without prior notice provided, however , that if Executive's employment is terminated without cause, Executive shall be entitled to receive 

certain specified benefits if Executive signs a release of claims on the termination of her employment in accordance with Section 8(d) of this Agreement. For purposes of this Agreement, cause shall be defined as set forth in Section 8(c) of this Agreement. 
 
 Executive is free to terminate her employment by resigning at any time, so long as she provides six (6) months' notice to Employer. Executive will not be entitled to any additional compensation if she resigns her employment, if she is terminated by Employer for cause or if her employment ends due to her death or disability. 
 
 3. Employment and Duties . 
 During the Term, Executive shall be employed by Employer and shall serve as Chief Financial Officer of each of the Companies. Subject to the terms of this Agreement, during the Term, Executive shall devote substantially all of her productive time, ability, attention, energy, knowledge and skill solely and exclusively to performing her duties as Chief Financial Officer of the Companies. In Executive's capacity as Chief Financial Officer of Ajax, Executive will report to Ajax's Chief Executive Officer in Executive's capacity as Chief Financial Officer of Thetis, Executive will report to Thetis' Manager and in Executive's capacity as Chief Financial Officer of Gregory, Executive will report to Gregory's Chief Operating Officer. Executive's responsibilities shall include the normal responsibilities attendant to the Chief Financial Officer position, and such other responsibilities as reasonably assigned by Employer or the Companies. Executive shall provide the services contemplated by this Agreement primarily in Tigard, Oregon, and New York New York except for required business travel. 
 
 4. Compensation . 
 a. Annual Base Salary . In consideration for Executive's services during the Term, Executive shall receive a base salary 400,000 per annum (prorated for partial years of employment), to be paid in installments in accordance with Employer's payroll practices, from which Employer shall withhold and deduct all applicable federal and state income, social security, disability and other taxes as required by applicable laws. Employee s salary will be increased 25,000 on March 4 of 2023 and 2024. 
 
 b. Annual Bonus . Executive's target annual bonus opportunity for each fiscal year during the Term shall be 250,000. The amount of such bonus actually earned in any such year shall be based on metrics established by the Companies, including but not limited to the following (i) success of audits, projects and assignments set out by each of Ajax's and Gaea s board of directors, committees of the board of directors and management, Gregory's management committee and Thetis' manager (ii) intrinsic value creation in the Companies (iii) Executive's achievement of performance objectives reflected in the Companies' annual budgets and (iv) total shareholder return of Ajax and Gaea as compared to total shareholder return of peers. The performance objectives and Executive's level of achievement of such objectives shall be determined by Employer. Executive must be employed by Employer at the time the bonuses are paid to receive the bonuses for the preceding fiscal year. To the extent earned, annual bonuses will be paid as soon as practicable after Employer calculates the amount earned, if any, for the preceding fiscal year but no later than March 15. 
 
 2 

c. Equity Awards. Executive will be eligible to participate in any equity plan or plans that may be adopted by one or more of the Companies during the Term, subject to the terms and conditions of the applicable equity plan(s) and award agreement(s). 
 
 d. Source of Compensation. Other than any equity awards that may be provided to Executive by one or more of the Companies, all compensation paid to Executive pursuant to this Agreement shall be provided by Employer. 
 
 5. Additional Benefits . 
 a. Group Benefit Plans . Subject to limitations under applicable law and the terms and conditions of the applicable plans, Executive shall be entitled to participate in, and receive such benefits or rights as may be provided to employees of Employer under, any group employee benefit plans provided by Employer during the Term. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Employer reserves the right to amend, modify or terminate any employee benefit plan at any time. 
 
 b. Business Expenses . Executive shall be entitled to reimbursement by Employer for such customary, ordinary and necessary business expenses as are incurred by her in the performance of her duties and activities under this Agreement. All expenses as described in this Subsection will be reimbursed only upon presentation by Executive of such documentation as may be reasonably necessary to substantiate that all such expenses were incurred in the performance of her duties and in accordance with Employer s reimbursement policies. 
 
 c. Vacation . Executive shall not accrue any vacation but shall be entitled to take reasonable time off as necessary and consistent with the needs of the business. 
 
 d. Indemnification . In the event that Executive is made a party or threatened to be made a party to any action, suit, or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (a Proceeding ), other than any Proceeding initiated by Executive, Employer, the Companies or any of their affiliates related to any contest or dispute between Executive and Employer, the Companies, or any of their affiliates with respect to this Agreement or Executive s employment or services hereunder or any other agreement between Executive and Employer, the Companies, or any of their affiliates, by reason of the fact that Executive is or was a director or officer of Employer, the Companies or any affiliates thereof, or is or was serving at the request of Employer or the Companies as a director, officer, member, employee or agent of another corporation or a partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, Executive shall be indemnified and held harmless by the Companies to the extent permitted under the Companies bylaws and or operating agreements from and against any liabilities, costs, claims and expenses, including all costs and expenses incurred in defense of any Proceeding (including attorneys fees). 
 
 6. Outside Activities . 
 During the Term, Executive shall devote her entire productive time, ability and attention to the business of the Companies. Executive may serve on the board of trustees of up to 
 3 

three nonprofit organizations, provided that such service does not interfere with Executive s performance of her duties to the Companies. Without limiting the foregoing, during the term of this Agreement, Executive shall not, directly or indirectly, either as an employee, employer, consultant, agent, principal, partner, shareholder, corporate officer, director, or in any other capacity (i) engage in any business or devote her time and attention to any other entity that invests in, manages or services the asset classes in which Ajax intends to invest so long as either Ajax has on hand an average of 25 million in capital available for investment over the previous two fiscal quarters or the independent directors of Ajax determine that it has the ability to raise capital above its most recent book value, excluding any transactions that may be in existence on the date hereof provided that the foregoing will not prevent being a holder of not more than 2 of the shares of a publicly listed company or (ii) acquire any mortgage loans or residential investment properties that are within the investment mandate of Ajax without first offering those opportunities to Ajax. 
 7. Non-Competition, Non-Solicitation and Proprietary Rights and Confidentiality Agreement . 
 As a condition of employment under this Agreement, Executive acknowledges that in connection with the execution of the Original Agreement, she had executed the Non-Competition, Non-Solicitation, and Proprietary Rights and Confidentiality Agreement on March 29, 2016 attached hereto as Exhibit 1, which shall remain effective and made a part hereof by this reference. 
 8. Termination of Employment . 
 Executive s employment with Employer may be terminated at any time and for any reason by either Employer or Executive, subject to the terms of this Agreement (including, without limitation, Section 2 and this Section 8). 
 a. By Death . Executive's employment and the Term shall automatically end upon the death of Executive. Employer's and the Companies' total liability in such event shall be limited to payment of Executive's salary and benefits through the date of Executive's death and provision of any vested benefits, which will be provided in accordance with the terms and conditions of the plans or programs under which such vested benefits arise (the Accrued Amounts however any unvested incentive awards will vest without restriction upon the employee s death. 
 
 b. By Disability . Employer reserves the right to terminate Executive's employment and the Term at any time due to Executive becoming disabled. For purposes of this Agreement, Executive shall be considered disabled if she is entitled to long-term disability benefits under the long -term disability plan or policy covering Executive (or, if she has not elected to participate in such plan or policy, if she would have been entitled to long -term disability benefits if she were a participant in the plan or policy covering similarly situated employees). Upon any termination of Executive's employment due to Executive becoming disabled, Employer's and the Companies' total liability shall be limited to the Accrued Amounts. however any unvested incentive awards will vest without restriction upon the employee s disability. 
 
 4 

c. For Cause . Employer reserves the right to terminate Executive's employment and the Term at any time for cause. For purposes of this Agreement, the terms cause shall mean (a) disqualifying conduct consisting of (i) Executive or any of the Companies (as a result of the acts or omissions of Executive) having materially breached its Operating Agreement, the management agreement between Thetis Asset and Ajax or the management agreement between Thetis Real Estate and GAEA, and failed to cure such breach (in the case of a breach that is susceptible to cure) within ten (10) days after receiving written notice of such breach (ii) Executive or any of the Companies (as a result of the acts or omissions of Executive) being subject to (A) disciplinary action or disqualification by a regulator or self-regulatory organization or (B) an examination, investigation or other inquiry or proceeding by any governmental authority that, in the case of (A) or, if adversely determined, in the case of (B), is reasonably likely to impair any of the Company's ability to engage in its business or (iii) Executive or any of the Companies (as a result of the acts or omissions of Executive) having committed a felony or other serious crime or violation of federal or state laws (including any crime of dishonesty or disloyalty) (b) actions that, knowingly and willfully taken by Executive, as determined by Employer or the Companies, caused or are reasonably likely to cause any of the Companies substantial public disgrace or disrepute or substantial economic harm or (c) Executive's breach of this Agreement. Employer's and the Companies' total liability to Executive in the event of termination of Executive's employment for cause shall be limited to the Accrued Amounts. 
 
 d. Without Cause . Employer reserves the right to terminate Executive's employment and the Term without cause at any time and for any reason whatsoever upon written notice to Executive. If Executive's employment is terminated by the Employer without cause (and not due to Executive's disability) during the Term, Executive shall receive the following 
 
 (i) the Accrued Amounts and 
 (ii) subject to the following sentence and section 8(g) of this Agreement, Employer shall pay Executive an amount equal to the sum of one (1) year of her annual base salary at the time of termination and (2) the target annual bonus amount, to be paid in a lump sum within sixty (60) days following the effective date of termination. 
 
 In return for the payment of the severance amount described in Subsection 8(d)(ii) of the Agreement, which Employer is not obligated to otherwise pay, Executive acknowledges that in connection with the execution of the Original Agreement she had executed a General Release and Covenant Not to Sue dated March 29, 2016 (the General Release which contains a Release of Claims against Executive by Employer, the Companies and their respective affiliates as attached hereto as Exhibit 2, whereby Executive has and will continue to waive and release any claims and all potential claims against Employer, the Companies and their respective affiliates and employees, directors, officers, agents and representatives arising out of or related to, her employment with Employer. Executive acknowledges that the General Release shall remain effective as a condition precedent to Employer's obligation to pay the severance amount described in Subsection 8(d)(ii) of the Agreement. The severance amount under Subsection 8(d)(ii) of the Agreement shall be paid no later than the 60 th day following Executive's termination of employment provided, however that if the sixty (60) period following 
 5 

Executive's termination of employment spans calendar years, payment shall in all events be made in the latter calendar year. 
 e. Resignation Mutual Consent . Executive's employment and the Term shall be terminated upon Executive's resignation, subject to the provisions of Section 2 of the Agreement, or upon mutual written consent of Employer and Executive. Employer's and the Companies' total liability to Executive in the event of termination of employment under this Subsection 8(e) of the Agreement shall be limited to the Accrued Amounts. 
 
 f. Resignation of Positions . Upon termination of employment for any reason whatsoever, Executive shall be deemed to have resigned from all offices and directorships then held with Employer and the Companies. 
 
 g. Limitation on Severance Payments . The payment contemplated under Subsection 8(d)(ii) of the Agreement shall only be payable if Executive experiences a separation from service, as that term is used in Section 409A(a)(2)(A)(i) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ). Whether a separation from service takes place is determined in accordance with the requirements of Internal Revenue Code Section 409A and related Treasury guidance and regulations based on the facts and circumstances surrounding the termination of Executive's employment and whether Employer and Executive intended for Executive to provide significant services following such termination. Executive's employment relationship will be treated as continuing intact while Executive is on military leave, sick leave, or other bona fide leave of absence if the period of such leave of absence does not exceed six months, or if longer, so long as Executive's right to reemployment by Employer is provided either by statute or by contract. If the period of leave exceeds six (6) months and there is no right to reemployment, a separation from service will be deemed to have occurred as of the first date immediately following such six-month period. 
 
 h. Restriction on Payment . Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, if Executive is considered a specified employee (as that term is used in Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) of the Code) on the date of Executive's separation from service, then, to the extent the payment (or any portion thereof) under Subsection 8(d)(ii) of the Agreement is considered nonqualified deferred compensation for purposes of Section 409A of the Code, such payment (or portion thereof) shall not be paid earlier than six (6) months after the date of such separation from service, but only to the extent necessary to avoid the imposition of tax on Executive under Section 409A of the Code. Any payments delayed by the operation of the immediately preceding sentence shall be paid to Executive in a lump sum on the six-month anniversary of Executive's separation from service or, if Executive dies within such six month period, within 30 days following the date of Executive's death. 
 
 9. Prohibition of Assignment . 
 This Agreement is personal to Executive and she may not assign or delegate any of her rights or obligations hereunder without first obtaining the written consent of Employer provided that in the event of Executive's death, any benefits payable under this Agreement shall be payable to Executive's spouse or beneficiary. 
 
 6 

10. Modification . 
 Any modification of this Agreement will be effective only if it is in writing and signed by the parties to be bound thereby. 
 11. Confidentiality of Agreement . 
 Executive agrees that she shall not disclose to any persons or entities, other than members of her immediate family and her personal financial and legal advisors, the terms and conditions of this Agreement, except for salary information, or unless required to do so by a valid order or subpoena from a court or government agency of competent jurisdiction or pursuant to the requirements of the federal securities laws if so required by Employer. 
 12. Entire Agreement . 
 This Agreement, including the Non-Competition, Non-Solicitation, and Proprietary Rights and Confidentiality Agreement attached hereto as Exhibit 1 and the General Release attached hereto as Exhibit 2, constitutes the entire agreement between Employer, the Companies and Executive, pertaining to the subject matter hereof, and supersedes all prior or contemporaneous written or verbal agreements and understandings with Executive in connection with the subject matter hereof, including the Original Agreement. 
 13. Governing Law . 
 This Agreement and the rights and obligations hereunder shall be governed by the laws of Oregon, and Executive, the Companies and Employer specifically consent to the jurisdiction of the courts of Portland, Oregon over any action or arbitration arising out of or related to this Agreement. 
 14. Severability . 
 If any provision of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, void or unenforceable, the remaining provisions shall, nevertheless, continue in full force and effect without being impaired or invalidated in any way. 
 15. Waiver . 
 The parties hereto shall not be deemed to have waived any of their respective rights under this Agreement unless the waiver is in writing and signed by such waiving party. No delay in exercising any right shall be a waiver nor shall a waiver on one occasion operate as a waiver of such right on a future occasion. 
 16. Notices . 
 All notices provided for herein shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been given when delivered personally, when deposited in the United States mail, registered or 
 7 

certified, postage prepaid, or when delivered by reputable overnight courier service to Employer, addressed as follows 
 To Employer 13190 SW 68th Parkway 
 Suite 200 
 Tigard, OR 97223 
 
 To Executive 842 SW Broadway Drive 
 Portland , OR 97201 
 
 or at such other addresses as either of said parties may from time to time in writing appoint pursuant to this Section. 
 
 17. Compliance with Section 409A . 
 The intent of the parties is that payments and benefits under this Agreement comply with (or qualify for an exemption from) Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code and the regulations and guidance promulgated thereunder and, accordingly , to the maximum extent permitted, this Agreement shall be interpreted and administered accordingly . Specifically, it is intended that the severance payment contemplated by Section 8(d)(ii) of this Agreement qualify for the short-term deferral exemption under Section 409A. Any reimbursements or in-kind benefits provided to or for the benefit of Executive shall be provided in a manner that complies with Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-3(i)(v), which requires that (a) all such reimbursements will be made not later than the last day of the calendar year after the calendar year in which the expenses were incurred, (b) the right to such reimbursements or in-kind benefits will not be subject to liquidation or exchange for another benefit, and (c) the amount of the expenses eligible for reimbursement, or the amount of any in-kind benefit provided, during any taxable year will not affect the amount of expenses eligible for reimbursement, or the in-kind benefits provided, in any other taxable year. 
 18. Insurance . 
 Employer and each of the Companies, at its discretion, may apply for and procure in its own name and for its own benefit life and or disability insurance on Executive in any amount or amounts considered available. Executive agrees to cooperate in any medical or other examination, supply any information, and to execute and deliver any applications or other instruments in writing as may be reasonably necessary to obtain and continue such insurance. Executive hereby represents that Executive has no reason to believe that Executive's life is not insurable at rates now prevailing for a healthy person of Executive's age. 
 19. Executive s Cooperation . 
 During Executive's employment and thereafter, Executive shall cooperate with Employer, the Companies and their respective affiliates in any disputes with third parties, internal investigations or administrative, regulatory or judicial proceedings as reasonably requested by Employer or the Companies (including, without limitation, Executive being 
 8 

available to Employer upon reasonable notice for interviews and factual investigations, appearing at Employer's request to give testimony without requiring service of a subpoena or other legal process, volunteering to Employer all pertinent information and turning over to Employer all relevant documents which are or may come into Executive's possession, all at times and on schedules that are reasonably consistent with Executive's other permitted activities and commitments). In the event Employer or the Companies require Executive's cooperation in accordance with this Section 19 of the Agreement after the termination of Executive's employment, Employer shall compensate Executive at the rate of 400 per hour and reimburse Executive for reasonable travel expenses (including lodging and meals, upon submission of receipts). 
 20. Tax Withholding . 
 All amounts paid or provided pursuant to this Agreement shall be subject to withholding and deduction for all applicable federal and state income, social security, disability and other taxes as required by applicable laws. 
 Signature Page Follows 

9 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have duly executed this Agreement as of the day and year first above written. 
 
 s Mary Doyle Mary Doyle ASPEN ML LLC By s Lawrence Mendelsohn 
 Name Lawrence Mendelsohn Title Manager GREAT AJAX CORP By s Lawrence Mendelsohn 
 Name Lawrence Mendelsohn Title Chairman and Chief Executive Officer THETIS ASSET MANAGEMENT LLC By s Lawrence Mendelsohn 
 Name Lawrence Mendelsohn Title Manager THETIS REAL ESTATE ASSET MANAGEMENT LLC By s Lawrence Mendelsohn 
 Name Lawrence Mendelsohn Title Manager GREGORY FUNDING LLC By s Russell Schaub 
 Name Russell Schaub Title President 

S-1 Employment Agreement 

Exhibit 1 
 NON-COMPETITION, NON-SOLICITATION, AND PROPRIETARY RIGHTS 
 AND CONFIDENTIALITY AGREEMENT 
 See Attachment 

Exhibit 1-1 Employment Agreement 

Exhibit 2 
 GENERAL RELEASE AND COVENANT NOT TO SUE 
 See Attachment 
 
 Exhibit 2-1 Employment Agreement 

</EX-10.18>

<EX-10.19>
 3
 exhibit1019-firstamendment.htm
 EX-10.19

Document 
 EXHIBIT 10.19 
 
 EXECUTION VERSION 

 FIRST AMENDMENT TO THIRD AMENDED AND RESTATED MANAGEMENT AGREEMENT 
 
 THIS FIRST AMENDMENT is entered into as of March 1, 2023 (the First Amendment by and among Great Ajax Corp., a Maryland corporation Ajax ), Great Ajax Operating Partnership LP, a Delaware limited partnership (the Operating Partnership, and together with Ajax and any current or future subsidiaries of Ajax, the Company ), and Thetis Asset Management LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Manager ). The First Amendment amends the Third Amended and Restated Management Agreement, dated as of April 28, 2020 (the Management Agreement ), by and among the Company and Manager. 
 
 Capitalized terms used herein without definition shall have the meanings assigned to them in or by reference in the Management Agreement. 
 
 WITNESSETH 
 
 WHEREAS, the parties hereto have previously entered into the Management Agreement 
 and 
 
 WHEREAS, the parties desire to amend the Management Agreement, as and upon the 
 terms and conditions hereinafter specified 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and mutual covenants herein contained, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows 
 
 1. Compensation of the Manager . Section 5(b) of the Management Agreement is hereby amended and restated to read as follows 
 The Base Management Fee shall equal 1.5 of the Ajax consolidated stockholders equity per annum. For purposes of calculating the management fee, consolidated stockholders equity means the sum of the net proceeds, after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and offering expenses payable by the Company, from any issuances of equity securities (common stock, preferred stock), equity-linked securities (including convertible securities) and unsecured debt securities that were used to replace preferred stock , issued by Ajax or the Operating Partnership (without double counting) since inception (allocated on a pro rata daily basis for such issuances during the fiscal quarter of any such issuance), plus Ajax and the Operating Partnership s (without double counting) retained earnings calculated in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States GAAP at the end of the most recently completed fiscal quarter (without taking into account any non-cash equity compensation expense incurred in current or prior periods), less (i) any amount that Ajax or the Operating Partnership pays to repurchase its common stock or units since inception, (ii) any unrealized gains and losses and other non-cash items that have affected consolidated stockholders equity as reported in Ajax s financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP, and (iii) one-time events pursuant to changes in GAAP, and certain non-cash items not 

otherwise described above, in each case after discussions between the Manager and the Ajax Independent Directors and approval by a majority of the Ajax Independent Directors. 
 
 2. Reference to and Effect on the Management Agreement . From and after the date of this Amendment, this First Amendment shall become a part of the Management Agreement and each reference in the Management Agreement to this Agreement, or hereof, hereunder or words of like import, and each reference in any other document to the Management Agreement shall mean and be a reference to such Management Agreement, as amended or modified hereby. Except as expressly amended or modified hereby, the Management Agreement shall remain in full force and effect and is hereby ratified and confirmed by the parties hereto. 
 
 3. Miscellaneous . Except as expressly provided in this First Amendment, all of the terms and provisions in the Management Agreement are and shall remain in full force and effect on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth therein. This First Amendment does not constitute, directly or by implication, an amendment or waiver of any provision of the Management Agreement, or any other right, remedy, power or privilege of any party thereto, except as expressly set forth herein. The terms of this First Amendment shall be governed by, enforced and construed and interpreted in a manner consistent with the provisions of the Management Agreement. 
 
 signature page follows 
 2 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this First Amendment to be duly executed by their respective officers as of the day and year first above written. 
 
 GREAT AJAX CORP. 

By s Lawrence Mendelsohn 
 Name Lawrence Mendelsohn 
 Title Chief Executive Officer 

GREAT AJAX OPERATING PARTNERSHIP, LP 

Great Ajax Operating LLC, 
 general partner 

By Great Ajax Corp., 
 managing member 

By s Lawrence Mendelsohn 
 Name Lawrence Mendelsohn 
 Title Chief Executive Officer 

THETIS ASSET MANAGEMENT LLC 

By s Lawrence Mendelsohn 
 Name Lawrence Mendelsohn, Manager 

Signature Page to First Amendment to Third Amended and Restated Management Agreement 

</EX-10.19>

<EX-21.1>
 4
 exhibit211-123122.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 
 EXHIBIT 21.1 

SUBSIDIARIES OF GREAT AJAX CORP. Subsidiary Jurisdiction of Incorporation of Formation Great Ajax Operating LLC Delaware Great Ajax Operating Partnership L.P. Delaware Great Ajax II Operating Partnership L.P. Delaware AJX Mortgage Trust I Delaware 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 5
 exhibit231-123122.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 
 EXHIBIT 23.1 

 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following registration statements of Great Ajax Corp. of our report dated March 3, 2023, relating to the consolidated financial statements and schedule of Great Ajax Corp. and Subsidiaries (the Company ), and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of the Company, appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Great Ajax Corp. for the year ended December 31, 2022 
 
 Registration Statement on Form S-3 (No. 333-240999) 
 Registration Statement on Form S-3 (No. 333-239182) 
 Registration Statement on Form S-3 (No. 333-219923) 
 Registration Statement on Form S-8 (No. 333-212652) 
 Registration Statement on Form S-3D (No. 333-211219) 
 Registration Statement on Form S-3 (No. 333-209513) 

s Moss Adams LLP 
 
 Portland, Oregon 
 March 3, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 exhibit311-123122.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 
 EXHIBIT 31.1 

CERTIFICATION 
 I, Lawrence Mendelsohn, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Great Ajax Corp. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the period covered by this report that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s Board of Directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Dated March 3, 2023 

s Lawrence Mendelsohn Lawrence Mendelsohn Chief Executive Officer 

2 
 NY2-786129 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 exhibit312-123122.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 
 EXHIBIT 31.2 

 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Mary Doyle, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Great Ajax Corp. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the consolidated financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of consolidated financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the period covered by this report that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s Board of Directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Dated March 3, 2023 

s Mary Doyle Mary Doyle Chief Financial Officer 

2 
 NY2-786129 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 exhibit321-123122.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 
 EXHIBIT 32.1 

 GREAT AJAX CORP. 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Great Ajax Corp. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Lawrence Mendelsohn, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, hereby certify as of the date hereof, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge 
 (1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company at the dates and for the periods indicated. 
 This Certification has not been, and shall not be deemed, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 Dated March 3, 2023 
 s Lawrence Mendelsohn Lawrence Mendelsohn Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 9
 exhibit322-123122.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 
 EXHIBIT 32.2 

 GREAT AJAX CORP. 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Great Ajax Corp. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Mary Doyle, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, hereby certify as of the date hereof, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge 
 (1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company at the dates and for the periods indicated. 
 This Certification has not been, and shall not be deemed, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 Dated March 3, 2023 
 s Mary Doyle Mary Doyle Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 ajx-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 11
 ajx-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 ajx-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 ajx-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 ajx-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

