<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230224_10-K_edgar_data_1360901_0001360901-23-000005.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>18196311</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>463900</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2639495</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>6146699</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4558495</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>4071676</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>14</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001360901-23-000005.hdr.sgml : 20230224
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230224161301
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001360901-23-000005
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		130
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230224
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230224

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Evercore Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001360901
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	INVESTMENT ADVICE [6282]
		IRS NUMBER:				204748747
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-32975
		FILM NUMBER:		23667395

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		55 EAST 52ND STREET
		STREET 2:		38TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10055
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-857-3100

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		55 EAST 52ND STREET
		STREET 2:		38TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10055

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Evercore Partners Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20060427

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001360901-23-000005.txt : 20230224

10-K
 1
 evr-20221231.htm
 10-K

evr-20221231 
 
 Table of Contents 

 UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 _____________________________________________________ 
 (Mark One) 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 OR 
 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to . 
 
 Commission File Number 
 ____________________________________________________ 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 ____________________________________________________ (State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

(Address of principal executive offices) 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: ) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer," "smaller reporting company" and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management's assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the voting and nonvoting common equity of the registrant held by non-affiliates as of June 30, 2022 was approximately billion, based on the closing price of the registrant's Class A common stock reported on the New York Stock Exchange on such date of 93.61 per share and on the par value of the registrant's Class B common stock, par value 0.01 per share. 
 The number of shares of the registrant s Class A common stock, par value 0.01 per share, outstanding as of February 15, 2023 was . The number of shares of the registrant s Class B common stock, par value 0.01 per share, outstanding as of February 15, 2023 was (excluding shares of Class B common stock held by a subsidiary of the registrant). 
 Documents Incorporated by Reference 
 Portions of the definitive Proxy Statement of Evercore Inc. to be filed pursuant to Regulation 14A of the general rules and regulations under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, for the 2023 annual meeting of stockholders ("Proxy Statement") are incorporated by reference into Part III of this Form 10-K. 

Table of Contents 

 EVERCORE INC. 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page Part I 
 Item 1. Business 
 2 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 11 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 25 
 Item 2. Properties 
 25 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 25 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 25 
 Part II 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 26 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 28 
 Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 29 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 52 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplemental Data 
 53 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 110 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 110 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 113 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 113 
 Part III 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 114 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 114 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 114 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 
 114 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 114 
 Part IV 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 115 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 119 

Table of Contents 

 PART I 
 Available Information 
 Our website address is www.evercore.com. We make available, free of charge, on the For Investors section of our website (http://investors.evercore.com) our Annual Report on Form 10-K (this "Form 10-K"), Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and all amendments to those reports as soon as reasonably practicable after such material is electronically filed or furnished with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"). We also make available through our website other reports filed with or furnished to the SEC under the Exchange Act, including our Proxy Statements and reports filed by officers and directors under Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act, as well as our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and our Sustainability Report. From time to time, we may use our website as a channel of distribution of material company information. Financial and other material information regarding the Company is routinely posted on and accessible at http://investors.evercore.com. In addition, you may automatically receive email alerts and other information about us by enrolling your email by visiting the "Email Alerts" section at http://investors.evercore.com. We do not intend for information contained in our website to be part of this Form 10-K. 
 The SEC maintains an Internet site (http://www.sec.gov) that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. 
 In this report, references to "Evercore," the "Company," "we," "us" and "our" refer to Evercore Inc., a Delaware corporation, and its consolidated subsidiaries. Unless the context otherwise requires, references to (1) "Evercore Inc." refer solely to Evercore Inc. and not to any of its consolidated subsidiaries and (2) "Evercore LP" refer solely to Evercore LP, a Delaware limited partnership, and not to any of its consolidated subsidiaries. 
 Forward-Looking Statements 
 This report contains, or incorporates by reference, forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), and Section 21E of the Exchange Act, which reflect our current views with respect to, among other things, our operations and financial performance. In some cases, you can identify these forward-looking statements by the use of words such as "outlook," "backlog," "believes," "expects," "potential," "probable," "continues," "may," "will," "should," "seeks," "approximately," "predicts," "intends," "plans," "estimates," "anticipates" or the negative version of these words or other comparable words. All statements, other than statements of historical fact, included in this report are forward-looking statements and are based on various underlying assumptions and expectations and are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and assumptions, and may include projections of our future financial performance based on our growth strategies and anticipated trends in our business. 
 Accordingly, there are or will be important factors that could cause actual outcomes or results to differ materially from those indicated in these statements. All statements other than statements of historical fact are forward-looking statements and, based on various underlying assumptions and expectations, are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and assumptions and may include projections of our future financial performance based on our growth strategies and anticipated trends in Evercore's business. We believe these factors include, but are not limited to, those described under "Risk Factors" in this report. These factors should not be construed as exhaustive and should be read in conjunction with the other cautionary statements that are included or incorporated by reference in this report. In addition, new risks and uncertainties emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for us to predict all risks and uncertainties, nor can we assess the impact of all factors on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or review any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future developments or otherwise except as required by law. You should, however, consult further disclosures we may make in future filings of our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports on Form 8-K and any amendments thereto or in future press releases or other public statements. 
 We operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment. New risks and uncertainties emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for our management to predict all risks and uncertainties, nor can management assess the impact of all factors on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements. 
 
 1 

Table of Contents 

 Item 1. Business Overview 
 Evercore is the leading independent investment banking advisory firm in the world based on the dollar volume of announced worldwide merger and acquisition ("M A") transactions on which we have advised in the last five years (1) . When we use the term "independent investment banking advisory firm," we mean an investment banking firm that directly, or through its affiliates, does not engage in commercial banking or significant proprietary trading activities. We were founded on the belief that there is an opportunity within the investment banking industry for a firm free of the potential conflicts of interest created within large, multi-product capital intensive financial institutions. We believe that maintaining standards of excellence and integrity in our core businesses demands a spirit of cooperation and hands-on participation more commonly found in smaller organizations. Since our inception, we have set out to build in the employees we choose and in the projects we undertake an organization dedicated to the highest caliber of professionalism and integrity. 
 We operate globally through our two business segments: (i) Investment Banking Equities, and (ii) Investment Management. During the fourth quarter of 2022, we renamed our "Investment Banking" segment to "Investment Banking Equities." The renaming of this segment did not result from changes to the overall business structure or reporting. 
 Investment Banking Equities 
 Our Investment Banking Equities segment includes our investment banking business and our equities business. In 2022, our Investment Banking Equities segment generated 2.722 billion, or 98 of our revenues, excluding Other Revenue, net, 3.205 billion, or 98 , in 2021 and 2.238 billion, or 98 , in 2020) and earned 651 fees from clients for advisory and underwriting transactions. 
 As we begin the year in 2023, our Investment Banking Equities segment has 130 (2) Advisory Senior Managing Directors and 39 Equities Senior Managing Directors with expertise and client relationships in a wide variety of industry sectors and a broad geographic reach. 
 Investment Banking 
 Our investment banking business provides strategic advisory, private capital advisory and fundraising, private capital markets and debt advisory and equity capital markets services. Through this business, we provide clients with differentiated strategic and tactical advice, as well as execution to financial sponsors and both public and private companies across a broad range of industry sectors and geographies. We help our clients identify and pursue strategic priorities, devise strategies to enhance shareholder value, and develop new ideas and deeper perspective to achieve their goals. We also serve as a leading advisor to clients on many of the largest and most complex capital transactions in the global capital markets. Our flexible and integrated teams develop trust with clients by focusing on their objectives. Functionally, we can act as an independent advisor, capital placement agent, or underwriter based on each client's circumstances and preferences. 
 Strategic Advisory . We provide advisory services on a full range of matters, including mergers, sales, acquisitions, leveraged buyouts, joint ventures, strategic, defense and shareholder advisory, divestitures, liability management and other restructurings. 
 Mergers and Acquisitions . In advising companies on mergers, sales, or acquisitions, we evaluate potential targets and acquirers, provide valuation analyses, and evaluate and propose financial and strategic alternatives. We provide boards and management teams with independent judgment and deep expertise as they navigate their most important transactions and strategic decisions. We also advise as to the timing, structure, financing and pricing of a proposed transaction, as well as assist in negotiating and closing the deal. 
 Strategic, Defense and Shareholder Advisory . Our extensive experience, insights into activist tactics, expertise in assisting companies with shareholder engagement and innovative defense strategies are instrumental in helping clients prepare for, avoid, and, if required, defend against activist investors and hostile takeover attempts. In public company situations, our strategic shareholder advice is an integral part of our practice and is a decisive edge for clients seeking to obtain shareholder support for their transactions. 

(1) Based on Refinitiv data 
 (2) Senior Managing Director headcount as of December 31, 2022, adjusted to include one additional Advisory Senior Managing Director committed to join in the first quarter of 2023. 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 Special Committee Assignments . We have a leading special committee practice, which is driven by, and exemplifies, our overall commitment to independence, discretion, objectivity, and the delivery of unconflicted advice. Our team has a long history of providing impartial advice to special committees and assisting them to meet fiduciary duties and obligations in significant situations. 
 Transaction Structuring . We provide integrated advice in connection with the structuring of public and private transactions - including mergers, spin-offs, sales, joint ventures, and capital markets offerings - intended to optimize tax, accounting, and other objectives of the deal. 
 Restructuring . We provide independent financial restructuring advice to companies, creditors, shareholders, and other stakeholders, both in-and out-of-court. We specialize in providing critical and unbiased advice to clients on complex, balance sheet issues and transformational situations. 
 Private Capital Advisory and Fundraising . Through our Private Capital Advisory ("PCA"), Private Funds Group ("PFG") and Real Estate Capital Advisory ("RECA") teams, we advise managers of private assets private equity, private debt, real estate, infrastructure and others seeking to recapitalize or liquidate their assets through a privately negotiated transaction (e.g. fund sales, asset refinancing and fund recapitalizations or continuation funds). We also provide comprehensive global advisory and distribution services on capital raising for these managers and/or select private fund sponsors, advising and executing on the fundraising process, including competitive positioning and market assessment, preparation of marketing materials, investor development and documentation. 
 Private Capital Markets and Debt Advisory . We provide corporate finance advisory services, including advisory services relating to private credit, growth equity and structured equity. This includes structuring and executing private market transactions for public and private corporate clients who require direct private equity, credit, or hybrid financing solutions. We also provide independent advice to corporate clients on debt capital markets products globally and, in conjunction with our Market Risk Management and Hedging team, on associated market-related risks and hedging. 
 Equity Capital Markets . We provide equity capital markets execution and advisory services. Our team provides its clients with execution expertise, independent advice, experienced judgment and key insights on capital formation and capital markets transactions. Our Equity Capital Markets team has the flexibility to engage with our corporate and financial sponsor clients in an underwriting or advisory capacity. 
 Equities 
 In our Equities business, our experienced research, sales and trading professionals deliver superior client service on a content-led platform, striving to be the best independent resource for equity and macroeconomic research to support our institutional investor clients. 
 Research . Evercore ISI was recognized as the top ranked independent firm by Institutional Investor in 2022. We also ranked #1 for analysts among all firms on a weighted basis. 
 Sales . Our sales team delivers research-centric service to more than 1,300 institutional clients in the U.S. and abroad. The team provides access to our macro and fundamental research products and our dedicated sales specialists provide unique sector insights. 
 Trading . Our equities trading professionals engage primarily in agency-only transactions, free of the potential conflicts of interest created by proprietary trading. Our team provides seamless execution, placing our clients interests first and executing transactions with efficiency, objectivity and discretion. 
 Corporate Access . Our corporate access team develops strategic connectivity between company management and investors to maximize the impact of roadshows, field trips, sector and macro strategy conferences. 
 Other 
 Our Investment Banking Equities segment also includes interests in Luminis Partners ("Luminis") and Seneca Advisors LTDA ("Seneca Evercore"), which are accounted for under the equity method of accounting. Luminis is an independent corporate advisory firm based in Australia and Seneca Evercore is an independent corporate advisory firm based in Brazil. 
 We maintain a strategic alliance relationship with an independent strategic advisory firm in Mexico founded by certain former employees. We also maintain strategic alliances in India and South Korea. 
 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 Investment Management 
 Our Investment Management segment includes wealth management and trust services through Evercore Wealth Management L.L.C. ("EWM"), as well as private equity through investments in entities that manage private equity funds. In 2022, our Investment Management segment generated revenue of 64.5 million, or 2 of our revenues, excluding Other Revenue, net 65.8 million, or 2 , in 2021 and 54.4 million, or 2 , in 2020). 
 Evercore Wealth Management and Evercore Trust Company. Our U.S.-based Evercore Wealth Management serves high-net-worth individuals, foundations and endowments. Clients at EWM and our affiliated trust company, Evercore Trust Company, N.A. ("ETC"), work directly with dedicated teams of independent thinkers to manage complex wealth and focus on delivering tangible results. As of December 31, 2022, EWM had 10.5 billion of assets under management ("AUM"). 
 Investments in Affiliates. We also hold interests in ABS Investment Management Holdings LP and ABS Investment Management GP LLC (collectively, "ABS") and Atalanta Sosnoff Capital, LLC ("Atalanta Sosnoff") that are accounted for under the equity method of accounting. ABS is an institutionally focused hedge fund-of-funds manager and Atalanta Sosnoff manages large-capitalization U.S. equity and balanced products. We also hold certain interests in entities that manage private equity funds and in the funds they manage. On March 28, 2022, we sold a portion of our interests in ABS, resulting in a reduction of our ownership percentage from 46 to 26 . 
 The Investment Management segment also includes the historical results of Evercore Casa de Bolsa, S.A. de C.V. ("ECB"), which was sold in 2020. 
 Our Strategies for Growth 
 We intend to continue to grow and diversify our businesses, and to further enhance our profile and competitive position, through the following strategies: 
 Add and Promote Highly Qualified Professionals in our Investment Banking Equities segment . We intend to continue to promote our most talented professionals in the future, as well as to recruit and promote high-caliber strategic corporate, strategic and capital markets advisory and equity research professionals to add depth in industry sectors and products and services in areas that we believe we already have strength, to extend our reach to sectors or new business lines, product capabilities and geographies that we have identified as particularly attractive and to expand and enhance our client base and coverage model. We hired seven new Senior Managing Directors in 2022, strengthening our capabilities in Equity Capital Markets, Private Capital Markets and Debt Advisory and Placement, as well as strengthening our coverage in the Technology sector and expanding our geographic reach. We also hired one new Advisory Senior Managing Director in January 2023 committed to join in the first quarter of 2023. Of equal importance, following our long-term strategy of developing internal talent, we also promoted 17 Advisory Managing Directors to Senior Managing Director and one Equities Managing Director to Senior Managing Director in 2022. Additionally, in January 2023, we announced the promotion of seven Advisory Managing Directors to Senior Managing Director, one Equities Managing Director to Senior Managing Director and three Managing Directors to Partner in our EWM business. On occasion, additions of professionals may result from the acquisition of boutique independent advisory firms with leading professionals in a market or sector. 
 Achieve Organic Growth and Improved Profitability in our Investment Management segment . We are focused on managing our current Investment Management business effectively. We also continue to selectively evaluate opportunities to expand Wealth Management. 
 Human Capital Management 
 We are a human capital intensive business and our long-term success is dependent on the number, quality and performance of our people. Our key human capital management objectives are to attract, develop, mentor, promote and retain the most talented professionals in our industry. To support these objectives, we invest substantial time and resources toward the recruitment and retention of people who will adhere to our Core Values (Client Focus, Integrity, Excellence, Respect, Diversity, Equity and Inclusion, Investment in People, Partnership) and improve our business. We also reward and support employees through competitive pay and benefits programs; facilitate the professional development of our employees through our talent development programs; and promote a strong culture of diversity, equity, and inclusion throughout our organization. 
 With these guiding principles, our Human Capital Group leads our efforts on employment-related matters, including recruiting and hiring, onboarding and training, benefits management, compensation planning, performance management and 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 professional development. Our Board of Directors and its Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee provide oversight on certain human capital matters as well, including our Diversity, Equity and Inclusion ("DE I") initiatives. 
 Some examples of our programs, initiatives and efforts to attract, develop, mentor, promote and retain the most talented professionals in our industry include: 
 Diversity, Equity and Inclusion: DE I is a major focus of our senior management and Board of Directors. Promoting diversity, equity and inclusion throughout the organization is not only the right thing to do, but it improves our culture and performance, allowing us to better serve our clients and grow our business over the long term. We believe in empowering our people to thrive by maintaining a culture of inclusion that embraces diversity and creates opportunity for all employees. We continue to make progress in accomplishing our DE I objectives, and are committed to working diligently and transparently with our key stakeholders, including our employees, as we continue to execute on our objectives. We are focused on the following DE I objectives: 
 KNOWLEDGE 
 Building DE I knowledge and understanding of key DE I issues across the organization 
 REPRESENTATION 
 Increasing representation and promoting greater diversity of backgrounds within Evercore across all levels 
 BELONGING AND ALLYSHIP 
 Cultivating an inclusive environment where active allyship prevails and all professionals feel supported and fully integrated into the firm 
 MERITOCRACY 
 Strengthening our meritocracy to be experienced similarly among all employees, with equitable access to career and development opportunities 
 ACCOUNTABILITY 
 Cultivating broad accountability for driving DE I progress and ensuring behaviors support DE I goals 
 We execute on these objectives through a variety of initiatives, including: 
 Recruiting and Representation 
 We maintain an internal diversity recruiting team, which has supplemented our campus recruiting strategy to increase diversity in our talent pipeline, through outreach at HBCUs/HSIs and diversity-specific recruiting events. 
 We have partnerships with external diversity organizations. 
 We offer scholarships to select diversity candidates. 
 We have added four new independent directors to our Board since 2018 three of whom are women, and one of whom is also a person of color. Currently, 44 of our independent directors are women. 
 Education and Training 
 We provide formal training and mentorship programs for underrepresented employees and conduct trainings for our employees on DE I issues. 
 Our diversity networks have hosted events and programs for their members and allies, including several events with prominent leaders outside of and within our own organization. 
 Building an Inclusive Culture 
 We maintain a Global Diversity Council, whose membership includes the heads of each of the firm s employee-led diversity networks, to help build connectivity, create community and advance the firm s culture of inclusion: 
 U.S. Women s Network 
 EMEA Women's Network 
 U.S. Traditionally Underrepresented Minorities Network 
 U.S. EverProud Network 
 EMEA LGBTQIA+ Network 
 U.S. Evercore Veterans Network 
 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 Accountability 
 Diversity recruiting efforts are regularly reviewed by senior management. 
 We analyze pay equity information throughout the organization. 
 We continue to regularly share progress on DE I initiatives and results, including at firm-wide town-halls and with the Board of Directors. 
 Talent Development: We are committed to the professional development of our employees. 
 Our training framework involves ongoing development at multiple stages of our employees career, including on-the-job training and mentorship. 
 Our senior professionals play a central role in presenting our training and development programs, including our M A Black Belt program, and other sector and business appropriate training programs. 
 We also engage in a comprehensive evaluation process designed to provide our employees with the feedback necessary for their professional development. 
 We conduct employee surveys and implement feedback into our policies and procedures. 
 Health, Safety, Wellness and Benefits: The success of our business is fundamentally connected to the well-being of our people. Accordingly, we are committed to the health, safety and wellness of our employees. 
 We provide our employees and their families with access to a variety of innovative, flexible and convenient health and wellness programs, as described below. These programs support our employees physical, mental and financial health by providing tools and resources to help improve or maintain their health status and offer choice, where possible, so that our employees can customize their benefits to meet their needs. 
 To advance our diversity, equity and inclusion objectives, we have expanded our benefits package to include additional women s, LBGTQ+ and family support benefits. 
 In our major offices, our benefits for eligible employees include the following: 
 Medical, prescription drug, dental and vision insurance 
 Life and disability insurance 
 Enhanced healthcare navigation and claims advocacy services 
 Women s and family healthcare services 
 Fertility, adoption and surrogacy assistance 
 Flexible work arrangements 
 Back-up child, adult, elder and pet care 
 Caregiver support services 
 Employee assistance program 
 Retirement benefits 
 Commuter benefits 
 Health club membership discounts 
 Identity theft protection 
 Paid holidays, vacation days, personal days and sick days 
 Paid parental, marriage, caregiver and bereavement leave 
 Other corporate benefits 
 We promote wellness education and encourage our employees to take a mindful and active approach to their overall well-being, including through our EverWELL program. We offer various resources and seminars related to different aspects of healthy living, including a focus on employees health, welfare, nutrition, stress management and financial wellness. 
 
 Compensation Structure: Our compensation structure, including our comprehensive benefit package, is designed to attract, motivate and retain highly talented employees. 
 We have consistently sought to closely align pay with performance. Through our broad-based equity program, we have used equity compensation to create a close alignment of interests between our shareholders and employees. 

6 

Table of Contents 

 Community: We have also encouraged, supported and assisted our employees in having a positive impact on the communities in which we operate and serve. 
 Through our Evercore Volunteers program, we have continued our firm-wide community service initiatives, which connect our employees with our community partners in order to address immediate needs, support education and improve public spaces. 
 During 2022, the Evercore Foundation contributed to organizations that align with its goal of supporting education, healthcare, mental health and critical social services for children and underrepresented groups in the communities in which we live and work. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we employed approximately 2,120 people (of which approximately 1,700 were employed in Investment Banking Equities), working in 29 cities around the world. Our global workforce is comprised of approximately 99 full-time and 1 part-time employees. Nearly 1,600 of our employees were employed in the United States (of which approximately 1,200 were employed in Investment Banking Equities); the remainder were employed outside the United States, primarily in our Investment Banking Equities segment. We believe our efforts in managing our workforce have been effective, evidenced by our strong culture, talent development and employee retention. 
 Competition 
 The financial services industry is intensely competitive, and we expect it to remain so. Our competitors are other investment banking, financial advisory and investment management firms. We compete both globally and on a regional, product or niche basis. We compete on the basis of a number of factors, including transaction execution skills, investment performance, quality of equity research, our range of products and services, innovation, reputation and price. 
 Our investment banking competitors can be categorized into two main groups: (1) large universal banks and bulge bracket firms such as Bank of America, Barclays, Citigroup, Credit Suisse, Deutsche Bank, Goldman Sachs, JPMorgan Chase, Morgan Stanley and UBS and (2) independent advisory firms such as Centerview, Greenhill, Houlihan Lokey, Lazard, Moelis, Perella Weinberg, PJT Partners and Rothschild, among others. We believe, and our clients have informed us, that advisory firms that also provide acquisition financing, and engage in significant proprietary trading in clients' securities and the management of large private equity funds that often compete with clients can cause such firms to develop interests that may be in conflict with the interests of advisory clients. Since we are able to avoid potential conflicts associated with these types of activities, we believe that we are better able to develop trusted and long-term relationships with our clients than competitors that provide such services. In addition, we have a broader global presence, deeper sector expertise and more diverse capabilities than many of the independent firms. Our equities business is also subject to competition from investment banks and other large and small financial institutions who offer similar services. 
 We believe that we face a range of competitors in our Investment Management business, with numerous other firms providing competitive services. Evercore Wealth Management competes with domestic and global private banks, regional broker-dealers, independent broker-dealers, registered investment advisors, commercial banks, trust companies and other financial services firms offering wealth management services to clients, many of which have substantially greater resources and offer a broader range of services. 
 Competition is also intense for the attraction and retention of qualified employees. Our ability to continue to compete effectively in our businesses will depend upon our ability to attract new employees and retain and motivate our existing employees. 
 Regulation 
 United States 
 Our business, as well as the financial services industry generally, is subject to extensive regulation in the United States and in the other jurisdictions where we operate. As a matter of public policy, regulatory bodies in the United States and the rest of the world are charged with safeguarding the integrity of the securities and other financial markets and with protecting the interests of customers participating in those markets. In the United States, the SEC is the federal agency responsible for the administration of the federal securities laws. Evercore Group L.L.C. ("EGL"), a wholly-owned subsidiary of ours through which we conduct our U.S. Investment Banking Equities business, is registered as a broker-dealer with the SEC, is a member of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority ("FINRA") and is registered as a broker-dealer in various states and the District of Columbia. EGL is subject to regulation and oversight by the SEC. FINRA, a self-regulatory organization that is subject to oversight by the SEC, adopts and enforces rules governing the conduct, and examines the activities, of its member firms, 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 including EGL. The SEC, FINRA, and other regulators in various jurisdictions impose both conduct-based and disclosure-based requirements with respect to our business. State securities regulators and securities exchanges to which EGL is a member also have regulatory or oversight authority over EGL. Our Private Funds business is also impacted by various state and local regulations that restrict or prohibit the use of placement agents in connection with investments by public pension funds. 
 Broker-dealers are subject to regulations that cover all aspects of the securities business, including sales methods, trade practices, use and safekeeping of customers' funds and securities, capital structure, record-keeping, the financing of customers' purchases and the conduct and qualifications of directors, officers and employees. For example, as a registered broker-dealer and member of a self-regulatory organization, we are subject to the SEC's uniform net capital rule, Rule 15c3-1. Rule 15c3-1 specifies the minimum level of net capital a broker-dealer must maintain and also requires that a significant part of a broker-dealer's assets be kept in relatively liquid form. The SEC and various self-regulatory organizations impose rules that require notification when net capital falls below certain predefined criteria, limit the ratio of subordinated debt to equity in the regulatory capital composition of a broker-dealer and constrain the ability of a broker-dealer to expand its business under certain circumstances. Additionally, the SEC's uniform net capital rule imposes certain requirements that may have the effect of prohibiting a broker-dealer from distributing or withdrawing capital and requiring prior notice to the SEC for certain withdrawals of capital. EGL is also subject to the SEC's Market Access Rule, Rule 15c3-5. The Market Access Rule requires EGL to have controls and procedures in place to limit financial exposure by establishing capital thresholds for its trading clients and implementing controls to prevent erroneous orders. Our operating entities are also subject to regulations, including the USA PATRIOT Act of 2001, as amended (the "Patriot Act"), which impose obligations regarding the prevention and detection of money-laundering activities, including the establishment of customer due diligence and other compliance policies and procedures. Regulatory authorities are also increasingly focused on cyber security and vendor management. Failure to comply with any legal and regulatory requirements may result in monetary, regulatory and, in certain cases, criminal penalties. 
 We are also subject to the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, which prohibits offering, promising, giving, or authorizing others to give anything of value, either directly or indirectly, to a non-U.S. government official in order to influence official action or otherwise gain an unfair business advantage, such as to obtain or retain business. 
 Our Investment Management business at EWM, as well as our equity method investments, ABS and Atalanta Sosnoff, are registered as investment advisors with the SEC. Registered investment advisors are subject to the requirements and regulations of the Investment Advisers Act of 1940. Such requirements relate to, among other things, fiduciary duties to clients, maintaining an effective compliance program, solicitation agreements, conflicts of interest, recordkeeping and reporting requirements, disclosure requirements, limitations on agency cross and principal transactions between an advisor and advisory clients, state and local political contributions, as well as general anti-fraud prohibitions. EWM is also an investment advisor to a mutual fund, which subjects EWM to additional regulations under the Investment Company Act of 1940 (the "1940 Act"). ETC, which is a national trust bank limited to fiduciary activities, is regulated by the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency ("OCC"), is a member bank of the Federal Reserve System and is subject to, among other things, the Patriot Act, the Bank Secrecy Act of 1970, as amended, the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act of 1999, as amended, other federal banking laws and the state laws in the jurisdictions in which it operates. 
 United Kingdom 
 Authorization by the Financial Conduct Authority ("FCA") . The FCA is responsible for regulating Evercore Partners International LLP ("Evercore U.K.") and Evercore ISI International Limited ("Evercore ISI U.K."), the London vehicle of Evercore ISI. The Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 ("FSMA") is the basis for the United Kingdom's ("U.K.") financial services regulatory regime. FSMA is supported by secondary legislation and other rules made under FSMA, including the FCA Handbook of Rules and Guidance. A key FSMA provision is section 19, which contains a "general prohibition" against any person carrying on a "regulated activity" (or purporting to do so) in the U.K., unless he is an authorized or exempt person. It is a criminal offense to breach this general prohibition and certain agreements made in breach may not be enforceable. The "regulated activities" are set out in the FSMA (Regulated Activities) Order 2001 (as amended). Evercore U.K. is authorized to carry out regulated activities including: advising on investments, arranging (bringing about) deals in investments and making arrangements with a view to transactions in investments. Evercore ISI U.K. is also authorized to carry out these activities. As U.K. authorized persons, Evercore U.K. and Evercore ISI U.K. are subject to the FCA's high-level principles for businesses, conduct of business obligations and organizational requirements. The FCA has extensive powers to supervise and intervene in the affairs of the firms. It can take a range of disciplinary enforcement actions, including public censure, restitution, fines or sanctions and the award of compensation. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 FSMA also gives the FCA investigatory and enforcement powers in respect of contraventions of various European Union ("EU") regulations (as implemented into U.K. law following Brexit), including the Market Abuse Regulation, which prohibits insider dealing, unlawful disclosure of inside information and market manipulation. The FCA is also able to prosecute a number of criminal offenses including, among other things, criminal insider dealing under the Criminal Justice Act 1993 and criminal market manipulation under the Financial Services Act 2012. 
 Regulatory Capital . Regulatory capital requirements form an integral part of the FCA's prudential supervision of FCA authorized firms. The regulatory capital rules oblige firms to hold a certain amount of capital at all times (taking into account the particular risks to which the firm may be exposed given its business activities), thereby helping to ensure that firms can meet their liabilities as they fall due and safeguarding their (and their counterparties') financial stability. The FCA also expects firms to take a proactive approach to monitoring and managing risks, consistent with its high-level requirement for firms to have adequate financial resources. On January 1, 2022, the U.K. implemented a new prudential regime to replace the existing Capital Requirements Regulation ("CRR") and fourth Capital Requirements Directive. The U.K. Investment Firm Prudential Regime ("IFPR") is intended to introduce a more appropriate regime for investment firms, which had been regulated under rules designed for banks. Until January 1, 2022, Evercore U.K. and Evercore ISI U.K. were "exempt-CAD firms" and subject only to limited minimum capital requirements. Both firms have changed status under IFPR and are now subject to different and higher capital requirements. The basic minimum capital requirement for each firm will be the higher of its permanent minimum requirement of 75.0 thousand (increased from 50.0 thousand) or an amount equal to one quarter of its annual fixed overhead expenses ("Fixed Overhead Requirement"). Both firms must also comply with the basic liquid asset requirement, which is equivalent to one-third of the Fixed Overhead Requirement. Evercore U.K. and Evercore ISI U.K. must further assess whether additional financial resources are needed to mitigate risks faced by the firms and maintain adequate financial resources beyond the basic requirements as necessary. 
 Anti-Money Laundering, Counter-Terrorist Financing and Anti-Bribery . The Money Laundering, Terrorist Financing and Transfer of Funds (Information on the Payer) Regulations 2017 (the "Money Laundering Regulations") came into force on June 26, 2017 and implemented the Fourth EU Money Laundering Directive ("MLD 4"). MLD 4 is designed to reinforce the efficacy of EU law in countering money laundering and terrorist financing and to ensure that the EU framework is aligned with the International Standards on Combating Money Laundering and the Financing of Terrorism and Proliferation adopted by the Financial Action Task Force in 2012. The Money Laundering Regulations impose numerous obligations on Evercore U.K. and Evercore ISI U.K. (and other "relevant persons"), including, among other things, obligations to take appropriate steps to assess the risks of money laundering and terrorist financing to which the business is subject and to maintain policies, controls and procedures to mitigate and manage the risks identified in the risk assessment. The Fifth EU Money Laundering Directive ("MLD 5") came into force on July 9, 2018. It amends MLD 4, which was transposed into U.K. law by amending the Money Laundering Regulations. In the U.K., it has been implemented through the Money Laundering and Terrorist Financing (Amendment) Regulations 2019. The objectives of MLD 5 include, among other things, extending the scope of MLD 4 to include a broader range of market participants (including cryptoasset exchanges and custodian wallet providers), amending customer due diligence requirements for client relationships (including the circumstances in which enhanced due diligence is required) and for transactions involving high risk countries and improved access to beneficial ownership for customer due diligence information. 
 The Proceeds of Crime Act 2002 and the Terrorism Act 2000 also contain a number of offenses in relation to money laundering and terrorist financing, respectively. Evercore U.K., Evercore ISI U.K. (and potentially other Evercore entities with a 'close connection' to the U.K.) are also subject to the U.K. Bribery Act 2010, which came into force on July 1, 2011. It provides for criminal penalties for bribery of, or receipt of a bribe from, public officials, corporations and individuals, as well as for the failure of an organization to prevent a person with whom it is associated from providing bribes to secure a business advantage for the organization or a benefit in the conduct of its business. 
 Regulatory Framework in the European Union . The U.K. left the EU on January 31, 2020 and on December 31, 2020, the Brexit transitional period came to an end. The U.K and the EU entered into the U.K. - EU Trade and Co-operation Agreement ("TCA") on December 24, 2020. The TCA was accompanied by a non-binding Joint Declaration committing the U.K. and the EU to cooperate on matters of financial regulation, which is intended to be facilitated by a Memorandum of Understanding (agreed in principle in 2021 but not yet finalized). However, the TCA does not presently make provision for financial services firms in the U.K. to access the EU single market. As a result, since January 1, 2021, U.K. firms, including Evercore U.K. and Evercore ISI U.K., have not held passporting rights to provide cross-border services into the EU and into a number of other members of the European Economic Area ("EEA"), to the extent such services are regulated activities. Evercore has a German subsidiary, Evercore GmbH ("Evercore Germany"), through which regulated activities can be conducted in Germany and in 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 other EU and EEA jurisdictions on a cross-border basis, subject to certain exceptions and in compliance with applicable legal requirements. 
 Following the U.K. s exit from the EU, the provisions of the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive and the Markets in Financial Instruments Regulation (together "MiFID") have been on-shored and brought into U.K. law through the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018. This provided that EU law directly applicable in the U.K. would form part of U.K. law at the end of the Brexit transitional period and gave powers to the U.K. government to amend this legislation so that it would operate effectively after Brexit. For most practical purposes Evercore U.K. and Evercore ISI U.K. will be subject to broadly the same requirements under the on-shored U.K. MiFID regime, subject to changes put forward in the U.K.'s legislative program. 
 In December 2022, the U.K. Government announced a series of financial services regulatory developments referred to as the "Edinburgh Reforms". The backdrop to these reforms is the Financial Services and Markets Bill which will enable EU financial services law directly applicable in the U.K. to be repealed and replaced by similar U.K. law and regulation. While the Edinburgh Reforms did not set out a comprehensive list of regulations expected to be amended or repealed, these reforms did signal the U.K. Government's intentions to propose changes to existing financial services regulation. Therefore, over the coming years it is possible that U.K. and EU financial services may diverge further. 
 Germany 
 In Germany, our subsidiary, Evercore Germany, is licensed by the German Federal Financial Supervisory Authority (Bundesanstalt f r Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht, or "BaFin") to conduct investment advice and investment brokerage activities in Germany. Evercore Germany has passporting rights to provide cross-border services into the EU which are equivalent to those formerly enjoyed by Evercore U.K. until January 1, 2021. Accordingly, Evercore Germany is authorized to provide the aforementioned services across the EU on a cross-border basis. Among other requirements, BaFin requires Evercore Germany, as a regulated entity, to comply with capital, liquidity, governance and business conduct requirements, and has a range of supervisory and disciplinary powers which it is able to use in overseeing the activities of the firm. 
 Hong Kong 
 In Hong Kong, our subsidiary, Evercore Asia Limited ("Evercore Asia"), is licensed by the Securities and Futures Commission ("SFC") to conduct certain corporate finance activities and securities dealing and advising activities that are related to corporate finance. The compliance requirements of the SFC include, among other things, paid-up share capital, liquid capital, record keeping, anti-money laundering and conduct of business requirements. The directors and certain officers, employees and other persons affiliated with Evercore Asia are also subject to SFC licensing and/or compliance requirements. 
 Singapore 
 In Singapore, Evercore Asia (Singapore) Pte. Ltd. maintains a Capital Market Services license issued by the Monetary Authority of Singapore ("MAS") for dealing in capital markets products that are securities and collective investment schemes and advising on corporate finance. The compliance requirements of the MAS include anti-money laundering, conduct of business requirements and rules relating to client assets, among other things. 
 Dubai International Financial Centre ("DIFC") 
 Evercore Advisory (Middle East) Limited maintains a license in the DIFC issued by the Dubai Financial Services Authority ("DFSA") with permissions for (i) advising on financial products, (ii) arranging credit and advising on credit and (iii) arranging deals in investments only. The compliance requirements of the DFSA include, among other things, capital, liquidity, governance, conduct of business requirements and anti-money laundering, counter-terrorist financing and sanctions requirements and apply to all activities conducted by Evercore Advisory (Middle East) Limited in and from the DIFC. 
 General 
 Certain of our businesses are subject to compliance with laws and regulations of U.S. federal and state governments, non-U.S. governments, their respective agencies and/or various self-regulatory organizations or exchanges relating to, among other things, the privacy of client information, and any failure to comply with these regulations could expose us to liability and/or reputational damage. Additional legislation, changes in rules promulgated by financial authorities and self-regulatory organizations or changes in the interpretation or enforcement of existing laws and rules, either in the United States or elsewhere, may directly affect our mode of operation and profitability. 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 The U.S. and non-U.S. government agencies and self-regulatory organizations, as well as state securities commissions in the United States, are empowered to conduct periodic examinations and initiate administrative proceedings that can result in censure, fine, the issuance of cease-and-desist orders or the suspension or expulsion of a regulated entity or its directors, officers or employees. 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business 
 Difficult market conditions may adversely affect our business in many ways, including reducing the volume and value of the transactions involving our Investment Banking Equities business, which may materially reduce our revenue or income. 
 As a financial services firm, our businesses are materially affected by conditions in the financial markets and economic conditions in the U.S. and throughout the world. Financial markets and economic conditions can be negatively impacted by many factors beyond our control, such as the inability to access credit markets, rising interest rates or inflation, terrorism, pandemic, political uncertainty, supply chain disruptions, uncertainty in the U.S. federal fiscal or monetary policy and the fiscal and monetary policy of foreign governments, an evolving regulatory environment (and the timing and nature of regulatory reform), climate change, extreme weather events or natural disasters, the emergence or continuation of widespread health emergencies or pandemics, cyberattacks or campaigns, military conflicts or other geopolitical events. Unfavorable market or economic conditions, as well as volatility in the financial markets can materially reduce the demand for our services and present new challenges. 
 Revenue generated by our Investment Banking Equities business is related to the volume and value of the transactions in which we are involved. The majority of our bankers are focused on covering clients in the context of providing M A services and those activities generate a substantial portion of our revenues. During periods of unfavorable market and economic conditions, including enhanced regulatory scrutiny of M A transactions, our operating results may be adversely affected by a decrease in the volume and value of M A transactions and increasing price competition among financial services companies seeking advisory engagements. Our clients engaging in M A transactions often rely on access to the credit and/or capital markets to finance their transactions. The uncertainty of available credit and interest rates and the volatility of the capital markets and the fact that we do not provide financing or otherwise commit capital to clients can adversely affect the size, volume, timing and ability of such clients to successfully complete M A transactions and adversely affect our Investment Banking Equities business. In addition, our profitability would be adversely affected due to our fixed costs and the possibility that we would be unable to reduce our variable costs without reducing revenue or within a timeframe sufficient to offset any decreases in revenue relating to changes in market and economic conditions. 
 We also seek to generate greater business from our restructuring and capital markets services and our Equities business. However, we cannot be certain that we will be able to offset lower revenues from a decline in our M A activities with increased revenues generated from restructuring and capital markets services or from our Equities business. Our restructuring services, which provide financial advice and investment banking services to companies in financial transition, as well as to creditors, shareholders and potential acquirers, our capital markets services, which provide corporations and financial sponsors with advice relating to a broad array of financing issues, and our Equities business, which provides equity research and agency securities trading for institutional investors, are intentionally smaller than our M A advisory business and we expect that they will remain that way for the foreseeable future. 
 Unfavorable market conditions may also lead to a reduction in revenues from our underwriting and placement agent activities, our private funds advisory and private capital markets businesses, and to the extent that adverse economic market conditions affect M A and capital raising activities generally, the demand for the research and other services provided by our Equities business could correspondingly decline. 
 We depend on our senior professionals, including our executive officers, and the loss of their services could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 Our senior professionals' expertise, skill, reputation and relationships with clients and potential clients are critical elements in maintaining and expanding our businesses. For example, our Investment Banking Equities business is dependent on our senior Advisory professionals, senior Equities research analysts, traders and executives. In addition, EWM is dependent on a small number of senior portfolio managers and executives. Our professionals possess substantial experience and expertise and strong client relationships. However, they are not obligated to remain employed with us and the market for qualified professionals is highly competitive. If any of these personnel were to retire, join an existing competitor, form a competing 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 company or otherwise leave us, it could jeopardize our relationships with clients and result in the loss of client engagements and revenues, which may be material. 
 In addition, if any of our executive officers or other senior professionals were to join an existing competitor or form a competing company, some of our clients could choose to use the services of that competitor instead of our services or some of our other professionals could choose to follow the departing senior professional to a competitor. Although we have entered into non-competition agreements with certain senior professionals, there is no guarantee that these agreements provide sufficient incentives or protections to prevent our professionals from resigning to join our competitors or that the non-competition agreements would be upheld if we were to seek to enforce our rights and recent regulatory initiatives have sought to limit the enforceability of such arrangements. The departure of a number of executive officers or senior professionals could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 If we are unable to successfully identify, hire and retain productive individuals, we may not be able to implement our growth strategy successfully. 
 Our growth strategy is based, in part, on our ability to attract and retain highly skilled and profitable senior professionals across all of our businesses. Due to competition from other firms, we may face difficulties in, or increases in the cost of, recruiting and retaining professionals of a caliber consistent with our business strategy. In particular, many of our competitors may be able to offer more attractive compensation packages or broader career opportunities. Additionally, it may take more than one year for us to determine whether new advisory professionals will be profitable or effective, during which time we may incur significant expenses and expend significant time and resources on training, integration and business development aimed at developing this new talent. Further, we may not be able to retain our professionals, which could result in increased recruiting expenses or our recruiting professionals at higher compensation levels. Failure to retain other key professionals, including maintaining adequate compensation levels, may materially adversely affect our business. 
 Certain aspects of our cost structure are largely fixed, and we may incur costs associated with new or expanded lines of business prior to these lines of business generating significant revenue. If our revenue declines or fails to increase commensurately with the expenses associated with new or expanded lines of business, our profitability may be materially adversely affected. 
 We may incur costs associated with new or expanded lines of business, including guaranteed or fixed compensation costs, prior to these lines of business generating significant revenue. In addition, certain aspects of our cost structure, such as costs for occupancy and equipment rentals, communication and information technology services, and depreciation and amortization are largely fixed, and we may not be able to timely adjust these costs to match fluctuations in revenue. If our revenue declines, or fails to increase commensurately with the expenses associated with new or expanded lines of business, our profitability may be materially adversely affected. 
 Our growth has placed, and will continue to place, significant demands on our administrative, operational and financial resources. 
 We have experienced significant growth in the past several years. Supporting this growth has placed significant demands on our operational, legal, regulatory and financial systems and resources for integration, training and business development efforts. We are often required to commit additional resources to maintain appropriate operational, legal, regulatory and financial systems to adequately support expansion, even when we only partner, enter into strategic alliances or take minority stakes in other businesses. We expect our growth to continue, which could place additional demands on our resources and increase our expenses. For example, in recent years we have made significant investments in various enterprise technologies, such as client relationship management and enterprise resource planning technology. We cannot provide assurance that our financial controls, the level of knowledge of our personnel, our operational abilities, our legal and compliance controls and our other corporate support systems will be adequate to manage our expanding operations effectively. Any failure to do so could adversely affect our ability to pursue our growth strategy, generate revenue and control expenses, and could result in regulatory fines or sanctions. 
 Our revenue and profits are highly volatile, which may make it difficult for us to achieve steady earnings growth on a quarterly basis and may cause the price of our Class A common stock to decline. 
 Our revenue and profits are highly volatile, and we can experience significant fluctuations in quarterly results. We generally derive Investment Banking Equities revenue from engagements that generate significant fees at key transaction milestones, such as closing, and the timing of these milestones is outside of our control. As a result, our financial results will likely fluctuate from quarter to quarter based on the timing of when those fees are earned. It may be difficult for us to achieve 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 steady earnings growth on a quarterly basis, which could, in turn, lead to large adverse movements in the price of our Class A common stock or increased volatility in our stock price generally. 
 We earn a majority of our revenue from advisory engagements, and, in most cases, we are not paid until the successful consummation of the transactions. As a result, our Investment Banking Equities revenue is highly dependent on market conditions and the decisions and actions of our clients, interested third parties and governmental authorities. For example, a client could delay or terminate an acquisition transaction because of a failure to agree upon final terms with the counterparty, failure to obtain necessary regulatory consents or board or stockholder approvals, failure to secure necessary financing, adverse market conditions or because the target's business is experiencing unexpected operating or financial problems. Anticipated bidders for assets of a client during a restructuring transaction may not materialize or our client may not be able to restructure its operations or indebtedness due to a failure to reach agreement with its principal creditors. In these circumstances, we often do not receive any advisory fees other than the reimbursement of certain out-of-pocket expenses, despite the fact that we have devoted considerable resources to these transactions. The loss of even one such mandate may have a significant effect on our near-term financial results. 
 Our failure to deal appropriately with actual, potential or perceived conflicts of interest could damage our reputation and materially adversely affect our business. 
 As we have expanded the scope of our businesses and client base, we increasingly confront actual, potential and perceived conflicts of interest relating to our Investment Banking Equities and Investment Management businesses. It is possible that actual, potential or perceived conflicts could give rise to client dissatisfaction, litigation or regulatory enforcement actions. Appropriately identifying and managing actual or perceived conflicts of interest is complex and difficult, and our reputation could be damaged if we fail, or appear to fail, to deal appropriately with one or more potential or actual conflicts of interest. Regulatory scrutiny of, or litigation in connection with, conflicts of interest would have a material adverse effect on our reputation which would materially adversely affect our business in a number of ways, including an inability to recruit additional professionals and a reluctance of potential clients and counterparties to do business with us. Additionally, client-imposed conflicts requirements could place additional limitations on us, for example, by limiting our ability to accept advisory engagements. 
 Policies, controls and procedures that we may be required to implement to address additional regulatory requirements, including as a result of additional foreign jurisdictions in which we operate, our equities business and our underwriting activities, or to mitigate actual or potential conflicts of interest, may result in increased costs, including for additional personnel and infrastructure and information technology improvements, as well as limit our activities and reduce the benefit of positive synergies that we seek to cultivate across our businesses. For example, due to our equity research activities through our equities business, we face potential conflicts of interest, including situations where our publication of research may conflict with the interests of an advisory client, or allegations that research objectivity is being inappropriately impacted by advisory client considerations. 
 Employee misconduct, which is difficult to detect and deter, could harm us by impairing our ability to attract and retain clients while subjecting us to significant legal liability and reputational harm. 
 There is a risk that our employees could engage in fraud or misconduct that adversely affects our business. Our Investment Banking Equities business often requires that we deal with confidential matters of great significance to our clients. If our employees were to improperly use or disclose confidential information provided by our clients, we could be subject to regulatory sanctions and suffer serious harm to our reputation, financial position, current client relationships and ability to attract future clients and employees. We are also subject to a number of obligations and standards arising from our Investment Management business and our authority over the assets managed by our Investment Management business. The violation of these obligations and standards by any of our employees would adversely affect our clients and us. It is not always possible to deter employee misconduct, and the precautions we take to detect and prevent this activity may not be effective in all cases. If our employees engage in misconduct, our business may be adversely affected. 
 In addition, the U.S. regulators and enforcement agencies, including the U.S. Department of Justice and the SEC, continue to devote greater resources to the enforcement of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, anti-money laundering laws and anti-corruption laws, and the United Kingdom and other jurisdictions have significantly expanded the reach of its anti-bribery laws. While we have developed and implemented policies and procedures designed to ensure strict compliance with anti-bribery, anti-money laundering, anti-corruption and other laws, such policies and procedures may not be effective in all instances to prevent violations. Any determination that any of our employees have violated these laws (or similar laws of other jurisdictions in which we do business) could subject us to, among other things, civil and criminal penalties, material fines, profit disgorgement, 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 injunction on future conduct, securities litigation and reputational damage, any one of which could adversely affect our business, financial position or results of operations. 
 The financial services industry faces substantial litigation and regulatory risks, and we may face damage to our professional reputation and legal liability. 
 Allegations against us of improper conduct by private litigants or regulators, whether the ultimate outcome is favorable or unfavorable to us, as well as negative publicity and press speculation about us, whether or not valid, may harm our reputation. Moreover, our role as advisor to our clients on important mergers and acquisitions or restructuring transactions often involves complex analysis and the exercise of professional judgment, including, if appropriate, rendering fairness opinions in connection with mergers and other transactions. 
 Particularly in highly volatile markets, the volume of claims and amount of damages claimed in litigation and regulatory proceedings against M A financial advisors and underwriters can be significant. Our business is also subject to regulation in the countries in which it operates. As this regulatory environment continues to change (in some cases potentially significantly) it is difficult to assess future litigation and regulatory risks. Regulatory changes make it harder for our clients to estimate future potential losses that may be incurred. Our M A advisory and underwriting activities may subject us to the risk of significant legal liability to our clients and third parties, including our clients' stockholders, under securities or other laws for materially false or misleading statements made in connection with securities and other transactions and potential liability for the fairness opinions and other advice provided to participants in corporate transactions. In addition, a portion of our advisory fees are obtained from restructuring clients, and often these clients do not have sufficient resources to indemnify us for costs and expenses associated with third-party subpoenas and direct claims, to the extent such claims are not barred as part of the reorganization process. Our engagements typically include broad indemnities from our clients and provisions designed to limit our exposure to legal claims relating to our services, but these provisions may not protect us or may not be adhered to in all cases. These indemnities also are dependent on our client's capacity to pay the amounts claimed. As a result, we may incur significant legal expenses in defending against litigation. In our Investment Management business, we make investment decisions on behalf of our clients that could result in substantial losses. This also may subject us to the risk of legal liability or actions alleging negligent misconduct, breach of fiduciary duty or breach of contract. These risks often may be difficult to assess or quantify and their existence and magnitude often remain unknown for substantial periods of time. Substantial legal liability or legal expenses incurred in defending against litigation could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, operating results or liquidity or cause significant reputational harm to us, which could seriously harm our business. 
 We may face damage to our professional reputation if our services are not regarded as satisfactory or for other reasons. 
 
 As a financial services firm, we depend to a large extent on our relationships with our clients and our reputation for integrity and high-caliber professional services to attract and retain clients. Our reputation could be impacted by events that may be difficult or impossible to control, and costly or impossible to remediate. For example, alleged or actual failures by us or our employees to provide satisfactory services or to comply with applicable laws, rules or regulations, errors in our public reports, perceptions of our environmental, social and governance practices or business selection, or the public announcement and potential publicity surrounding any of these events, even if inaccurate, satisfactorily addressed, or if no violation or wrongdoing actually occurred, could adversely impact our reputation, our relationships with clients, and our ability to negotiate joint ventures and strategic alliances, any of which could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Extensive and evolving regulation of our businesses exposes us to the potential for significant penalties and fines due to compliance failures, increases our costs and limits our ability to engage in certain activities. 
 As a participant in the financial services industry, we are subject to extensive and evolving regulation by governmental and self-regulatory organizations in jurisdictions around the world, as described further in Item 1. "Business Regulation" above. Our ability to conduct business and our operating results, including compliance costs, may be adversely affected as a result of any new requirements imposed by the SEC, FINRA, or other U.S. or foreign governmental regulatory authorities or self-regulatory organizations that regulate the financial services industry. We may also be adversely affected by changes in the interpretation or enforcement of existing laws or regulations by these governmental authorities and self-regulatory organizations. Uncertainty about the timing and scope of any changes to existing laws and rules or the implementation of new laws or rules by any regulatory authorities that regulate financial services firms or supervise financial markets, as well as the compliance costs associated with a new regulatory regime, may negatively impact our businesses in the short term, even if the long-term impact of any such changes are positive for our businesses. In addition, policies adopted by clients or prospective clients, which may exceed regulatory requirements, may result in additional compliance costs that materially affect our 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 business. Because certain of our larger competitors are subject to regulations that do not affect us to the same extent, or at all, regulatory reforms may benefit them more than us, including by expanding their permitted activities, reducing their compliance costs or reducing restraints on compensation, any of which could enhance their ability to compete against us for advisory opportunities, for employees or otherwise, in a manner that negatively impacts our business. 
 Our failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations could result in adverse publicity and reputational harm, as well as fines, suspensions of personnel or other sanctions, including revocation of the registration of us or any of our subsidiaries as an investment advisor or broker-dealer. For example, we are subject to extensive bribery and anti-corruption regulation, which can present heightened risks for us due to certain jurisdictions in which we operate and our significant client relationships with governmental entities and certain businesses that receive support from government agencies. Our businesses are subject to periodic examination by various regulatory authorities, and we cannot predict the outcome of any such examinations or estimate the amount of monetary fines or penalties that could be assessed. In addition, adverse regulatory scrutiny of any of our strategic partners could have a material adverse effect on our business and reputation. 
 The U.K.'s exit from the European Union could adversely impact our business and operations. 
 The U.K. left the EU on January 31, 2020 and on December 31, 2020, at 11p.m., the Brexit transitional period came to an end. The U.K. and the EU entered into the TCA on December 24, 2020, which was accompanied by a non-binding Joint Declaration committing the U.K. and the EU to cooperate on matters of financial regulation, which was intended to be facilitated by a Memorandum of Understanding. See Item 1. "Business" for more information. On the basis that the Memorandum of Understanding has not been finalized and that passporting rights are unlikely to be reinstated, Evercore U.K. and Evercore ISI U.K. will continue to be unable to conduct regulated activities on a cross-border and off-shore basis into all EU countries without obtaining regulatory approval outside of the U.K. We have taken certain actions that prepared us for this outcome, including obtaining a license from BaFin for Evercore Germany, through which regulated activities can be conducted in Germany and in other EU and EEA jurisdictions on a cross-border basis, subject to certain exceptions and in compliance with applicable legal requirements. In addition, activities performed by Evercore U.K. and Evercore ISI U.K., which are not regulated activities, may still be conducted within the EU and the EEA directly, subject to local law restrictions. However, the inability of Evercore U.K. and Evercore ISI U.K. themselves to conduct certain regulated activities on a cross-border and off-shore basis into all EU countries could adversely affect the manner in which they operate. 
 More broadly, the impact of Brexit on the economic outlook of the Eurozone and the U.K., and associated global implications, remain uncertain notwithstanding agreement of the TCA. This is particularly the case in relation to the financial services sector, where EU single market access has not been granted to U.K. financial services companies and EU determinations of equivalence have in general not been forthcoming. 
 Our business is subject to various cybersecurity risks. 
 We face various cybersecurity risks related to our businesses on a day-to-day basis. We rely heavily on financial, accounting, communication and other data processing systems to securely process, transmit, and store sensitive and confidential client information, and communicate among our locations around the world and with our staff, clients, partners, and vendors. We also depend on third-party software and programs, as well as cloud-based storage platforms as part of our operations. These systems, including the systems of third parties on whom we rely, may fail to operate properly or become disabled as a result of tampering or a breach of our network security systems or otherwise, including for reasons beyond our, or their, control. In addition, we are also exposed to fourth-party cybersecurity risk from vendors, suppliers or attackers of our third-party vendors. The increased use of mobile technologies and remote working arrangements heighten these and other operational risks. 
 In addition, as we operate in a financial services industry, we are susceptible to attempts to gain unauthorized access of client, customer or other confidential information. We are also at risk for denial-of-service, distributed denial-of-service and/or other cyber-attacks involving the theft, dissemination and destruction of corporate information or other assets, which could result from an employee's, contractor's or other third party vendor's failure to follow data security procedures or as a result of actions by third parties, including actions by governments. Phishing attacks and email spoofing attacks are becoming more prevalent and are often used to obtain information to impersonate employees or clients in order to, among other things, direct fraudulent bank transfers or obtain valuable information. Fraudulent transfers resulting from phishing attacks or email spoofing of our employees could result in a material loss of assets, reputational harm or legal liability, and in turn materially adversely affect our business. Although cyber-attacks have not, to date, had a material impact on our operations, breaches of our, or third-party, network security systems on which we rely could involve attacks that are intended to obtain unauthorized access to and disclose our proprietary information or our client's proprietary information, destroy data or disable, degrade or sabotage our 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 systems, often through the introduction of computer viruses, cyber-attacks and other means, and could originate from a wide variety of sources, including state actors or other unknown third parties outside the firm. 
 There can be no assurance that we, or the third parties on whom we rely, will be able to anticipate, detect or implement effective preventative measures against frequently changing cyber threats. We expect to incur significant costs in maintaining and enhancing appropriate protections to keep pace with increasingly sophisticated methods of attack. In addition to the implementation of data security measures, we require our employees to maintain the confidentiality of the proprietary information we hold. If an employee's failure to follow proper data security procedures results in the improper release of confidential information, or our systems are otherwise compromised, do not operate properly or are disabled, we could suffer a disruption of our business, financial losses, liability to clients, regulatory sanctions and damage to our reputation. 
 We are exposed to risks and costs associated with protecting the integrity and security of our clients , employees and others personal data and other sensitive information. 
 As part of our business, we manage, utilize and store sensitive or confidential client or employee data, including personal data. As a result, we are subject to various risks and costs associated with the collection, handling, storage and transmission of personal data, including those related to compliance with U.S. and foreign data protection and privacy laws and other contractual obligations, as well as those associated with the compromise of our systems collecting such personal data. These laws and regulations are increasing in complexity and number and the burden of our compliance with them is growing. For example, the General Data Protection Regulation ("GDPR"), which applies across the EU and the U.K., imposes stringent requirements regarding the processing of personal data. Failure to meet the GDPR requirements could, in serious cases, result in penalties of up to four percent of annual worldwide revenue turnover. Several other jurisdictions, including in the United States, have also adopted or are considering similar legislation. The California Consumer Privacy Act provides data privacy rights for consumers and privacy related operational requirements for companies. The California Privacy Rights Act adds new privacy rights and regulations with an effective date of January 1, 2023. After California, comprehensive data privacy laws were enacted in Virginia, Colorado, Utah and Connecticut sequentially and our compliance costs may increase further. 
 If any person, including any of our employees, negligently disregards or intentionally breaches our established controls with respect to client or employee data, or otherwise mismanages or misappropriates that data, we could be subject to significant monetary damages, regulatory enforcement actions, fines and/or criminal prosecution. In addition, unauthorized disclosure of sensitive or confidential client or employee data, whether through cyber-attacks, systems failure, employee negligence, fraud or misappropriation, could damage our reputation and cause us to lose clients and related revenue in the future. Potential liability in the event of a security breach of client data could be significant and depending on the circumstances giving rise to the breach, this liability may not be subject to a contractual limit of liability or an exclusion of consequential or indirect damages. 
 Any failure to comply with these regulations could expose us to liability and/or reputational damage. In addition, our businesses are increasingly subject to laws and regulations relating to surveillance, encryption and data on-shoring in the jurisdictions in which we operate. Compliance with these laws and regulations may require us to change our policies, procedures and technology for information security, which could, among other things, make us more vulnerable to cyber-attacks and misappropriation, corruption or loss of information or technology. 
 Our business is subject to various operational risks. 
 We operate in businesses that are highly dependent on proper processing of financial transactions. In our Equities business, and our Wealth Management business in particular, we must consistently and reliably obtain securities pricing information, properly execute and process client transactions and provide reports and other customer service to our clients. The expansion of our equities business has increased the size and scope of our trading activities and, accordingly, increased the opportunities for trade errors and other operational errors in connection with the processing of transactions. The occurrence of trade or other operational errors or the failure to keep accurate books and records can render us liable to disciplinary action by governmental and self-regulatory authorities, as well as to claims by our clients. We also rely on third-party service providers for certain aspects of our business. Any interruption or deterioration in the performance of these third parties or failures of their information systems and technology could impair our operations, affect our reputation and adversely affect our businesses. 
 In addition, if we were to experience a disaster or other business continuity problem, such as an epidemic, a pandemic, other man-made or natural disaster or disruption involving electronic communications or other services used by us or third parties with whom we conduct business, our continued success will depend, in part, on the availability of our personnel and office facilities and the proper functioning of our computer, software, telecommunications, transaction processing and other 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 related systems and operations, as well as those of third parties on whom we rely. For example, the COVID-19 pandemic resulted in substantial disruption to our business operations. Although we have been able to continue business operations, we cannot guarantee in the future that similar events will not result in a material disruption to our business that may cause material financial loss, regulatory action, reputation harm or legal liability, and if significant portions of our workforce, including key personnel, are unable to work effectively because of illness, government actions, or other restrictions in connection with a pandemic, the impact of a pandemic on our business could be exacerbated. In particular, we depend on our headquarters in New York City, where a large number of our personnel are located, for the continued operation of our business. Although we have developed business continuity plans and enhanced our remote working capabilities, a disaster or a disruption in the infrastructure that supports our businesses, a disruption involving electronic communications or other services used by us or third parties with whom we conduct business, or a disruption that directly affects our headquarters, could have a material adverse impact on our ability to continue to operate our business without interruption. The incidence and severity of disasters or other business continuity problems are unpredictable, and our inability to timely and successfully recover could materially disrupt our businesses and cause material financial loss, regulatory actions, reputational harm or legal liability. 
 We may not be able to generate sufficient cash to service all of our indebtedness. 
 Our ability to make scheduled payments on, or to refinance, our debt obligations depends on our financial condition and operating performance. We cannot provide assurance that we will maintain a level of cash flows from operating activities sufficient to permit us to pay the principal of, and interest on, our indebtedness, including our aggregate 345.0 million and 25.0 million of senior notes described in Note 13 to our consolidated financial statements. If our cash flows and capital resources are insufficient to fund our debt service obligations, including the principal and semi-annual interest payments noted above, we may be forced to reduce or delay investments and capital expenditures, or to sell assets, seek additional capital or restructure or refinance our indebtedness, including the Private Placement Notes and other contractual commitments. 
 Our clients may be unable to pay us for our services. 
 We face the risk that certain clients may not have sufficient financial resources to pay, or otherwise refuse to pay, our agreed-upon advisory fees, including in the bankruptcy or insolvency context. If a client's financial difficulties become severe, the client may be unwilling or unable to pay our invoices in the ordinary course of business, which could adversely affect collections of both our accounts receivable and unbilled services. On occasion, some of our clients have entered bankruptcy, which has prevented us from collecting amounts owed to us. The bankruptcy of a number of our clients that, in the aggregate, owe us substantial accounts receivable could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, if a number of clients declare bankruptcy after paying us certain invoices, courts may determine that we are not properly entitled to those payments and may require repayment of some or all of the amounts we received, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Certain clients may also be unwilling to pay our advisory fees in whole or in part, in which case we may have to incur significant costs to bring legal action to enforce our engagement agreements to obtain our advisory fees. 
 Goodwill, other intangible assets, equity method investments and other investments represent a portion of our assets, and an impairment of these assets could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Goodwill, other intangible assets, equity method investments and other investments represent a portion of our assets. We assess these assets at least annually for impairment, however, we may need to perform impairment tests more frequently if events occur, or circumstances indicate, that the carrying amount of these assets may not be recoverable. These events or circumstances could include a significant change in the business climate, attrition of key personnel, a prolonged decline in our stock price and market capitalization, legal factors, operating performance indicators, competition, sale or disposition of a significant portion of one of our businesses and other factors. The valuation of our reporting units, long-lived intangible assets, equity method investments or other investments requires judgment in estimating future cash flows, discount rates and other factors. In making these judgments, we evaluate the financial health of our reporting units, long-lived intangible assets, equity method investments or other investments, including such factors as market performance, changes in our client base and projected growth rates. Because these factors are ever changing, due to market and general business conditions, we cannot predict whether, and to what extent, our goodwill, long-lived intangible assets, equity method investments and other investments may be impaired in future periods. 

17 

Table of Contents 

 Failure to maintain effective internal controls in accordance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act could materially adversely affect our business. 
 We have documented and tested our internal control procedures in order to satisfy the requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, which requires annual management assessments of the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting and a report by our independent auditors regarding our internal control over financial reporting. If we fail to maintain the adequacy of our internal controls as such standards are modified, supplemented or amended from time to time, our independent registered public accounting firm may not be able or willing to issue an unqualified report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. Matters impacting our internal controls may cause us to be unable to report our financial information on a timely basis and thereby subject us to adverse regulatory consequences, including sanctions by the SEC, or violations of applicable stock exchange listing rules. There could also be a negative reaction in the financial markets due to a loss of investor confidence in us and the reliability of our financial statements. Confidence in the reliability of our financial statements is also likely to suffer if we identify a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting. This could materially adversely affect us and lead to a decline in the market price of our shares. 
 A change in relevant income tax laws, regulations or treaties or an adverse interpretation of these items by tax authorities could result in an audit adjustment or revaluation of our net deferred tax assets that may cause our effective tax rate and tax liability to be higher than what is currently presented in the consolidated financial statements. 
 As part of the process of preparing our consolidated financial statements, we are required to estimate income taxes in each of the jurisdictions in which we operate. Significant management judgment is required in determining our provision for income taxes, our deferred tax assets and liabilities and any valuation allowance recorded against our net deferred tax assets. This process requires us to estimate our actual current tax liability and to assess temporary differences resulting from differing book versus tax treatment of items, such as deferred revenue, compensation and benefits expense, unrealized gains and losses on long-term investments and depreciation. Our effective tax rate and tax liability is based on the application of current income tax laws, regulations and treaties. These laws, regulations and treaties are complex, and the manner in which they apply to our facts and circumstances is sometimes open to interpretation. Management believes its application of current laws, regulations and treaties to be correct and sustainable upon examination by the tax authorities. However, the tax authorities could challenge our interpretation, resulting in additional tax liability or adjustment to our income tax provision that could increase our effective tax rate. In addition, tax laws, regulations or treaties newly enacted or enacted in the future, or interpretations of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, or other tax laws, may cause us to revalue our net deferred tax assets and have a material change to our effective tax rate. 
 Our inability to successfully identify, consummate and integrate alliances, including through joint ventures or investments, as part of our growth initiatives could have adverse consequences to our business. 
 We may expand our various businesses through additional acquisitions, entering into joint ventures and strategic alliances, and internally developing new opportunities that are complementary to our existing businesses and where we think we can add substantial value or generate substantial returns. The success of this strategy will depend on, among other things, the availability of suitable opportunities and capital resources to effect our strategy; the level of competition from other companies that may have greater financial resources than we do or may not require the same level of disclosure of these activities; our ability to value acquisition and investment candidates accurately and negotiate acceptable terms for those acquisitions and investments; and our ability to identify and enter into mutually beneficial relationships with joint venture partners. 
 Additionally, integrating acquired businesses, providing a platform for new businesses and partnering with other firms involve a number of risks and present financial, managerial, operational and reputational challenges, including the following factors, among others: loss of key employees or customers; possible inconsistencies in or conflicts between standards, controls, procedures and policies and the need to implement company-wide financial, accounting, information technology and other systems; failure to maintain the quality of services that have historically been provided; failure to coordinate geographically diverse organizations; disagreements between us and our partners; compliance with regulatory requirements in regions in which new businesses and ventures are located; and the diversion of management's attention from our day-to-day business as a result of the need to manage any disruptions and difficulties and the need to add management resources to do so. Our inability to develop, integrate and manage acquired companies, joint ventures or other strategic relationships and growth initiatives in an efficient and cost-effective manner, or at all, could have material adverse short- and long-term effects on our operating results, financial condition and liquidity. 
 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 We may not realize the cost savings, revenue enhancements or other benefits that we expected from our acquisitions and other growth initiatives. 
 Our analyses of the benefits and costs of expanding our businesses necessarily involve assumptions as to future events, including general business and industry conditions, the longevity of specific customer engagements and relationships, operating costs and competitive factors, many of which are beyond our control and may not materialize. While we believe our analyses and their underlying assumptions to be reasonable, they are estimates that are necessarily speculative in nature. In addition, new regulatory requirements and conflicts may reduce the synergies that we expect to result from our growth initiatives. Even if we achieve the expected benefits, we may not be able to achieve them within the anticipated time frame. Also, the cost savings and other synergies from these acquisitions may be offset by costs incurred in integrating the companies, increases in other expenses or problems in the business unrelated to these acquisitions. In the case of joint ventures, we are subject to additional risks and uncertainties in that we may be dependent upon, and subject to liability, losses or reputational damage relating to personnel, systems and activities that are not under our direct and sole control, and conflicts and disagreements between us and our joint venture partners may negatively impact our business. 
 Risks Related to Our Investment Banking Equities Business 
 A substantial portion of our revenue is derived from advisory assignments for Investment Banking Equities clients, which are not long-term contracted sources of revenue and are subject to intense competition, and declines in these engagements could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and operating results. 
 We historically have earned a substantial portion of our revenue from fees paid to us by our Investment Banking Equities clients for advisory and underwriting services. These fees are typically payable upon the successful completion of a particular transaction or restructuring. Our Advisory Fees and Underwriting Fees in the aggregate accounted for 90 , 92 and 89 of our revenues, excluding Other Revenue, net, in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. We expect that we will continue to rely on advisory services for a substantial portion of our revenue for the foreseeable future. Accordingly, a decline in advisory engagements, or the market for advisory services, would adversely affect our business. 
 In addition, our Advisory professionals operate in a highly-competitive environment where typically there are no long-term contracted sources of revenue. Each revenue-generating engagement typically is separately solicited, awarded and negotiated. In addition, many businesses do not routinely engage in transactions requiring our services. As a consequence, our fee-paying engagements with many clients are not likely to be predictable and high levels of revenue in one quarter are not necessarily predictive of continued high levels of revenue in future periods. We also lose clients each year as a result of the sale or merger of a client, a change in a client's senior management, competition from other financial advisors and financial institutions and other causes. As a result, our advisory fees could decline materially due to such changes in the volume, nature and scope of our engagements. 
 We face strong competition from other financial advisory firms, many of which have the ability to offer clients a wider range of products and services than we can offer, which could cause us to fail to win advisory mandates and subject us to pricing pressures that could materially adversely affect our revenue and profitability. 
 The financial advisory industry is intensely competitive, highly fragmented and subject to rapid change, and we expect it to remain so. We compete on both a global and regional basis, and on the basis of a number of factors, including the quality of our employees, industry knowledge, transaction execution skills, our products and services, innovation, reputation, strength of relationships and price. We have experienced intense competition for advisory mandates in recent years, and we may experience pricing pressures in our Investment Banking Equities business in the future, as some of our competitors seek to obtain increased market share by reducing fees. When making proposals for fixed-fee engagements, we estimate the costs and timing for completing the engagements. These estimates reflect our best judgment regarding the efficiencies of our methodologies and financial professionals as we plan to deploy them on engagements. Any unexpected costs or unanticipated delays in connection with the performance of such engagements could make these contracts less profitable, or unprofitable, which would have an adverse effect on our profit margins. 
 Several of our competitors include large financial institutions, many of which have far greater financial and other resources and greater name recognition than us and, unlike us, have the ability to offer a wider range of products, which may enhance their competitive position. They also regularly support services we do not provide, such as commercial lending and other financial services and products, which puts us at a competitive disadvantage and could result in pricing pressures or lost opportunities, which could materially adversely affect our revenue and profitability. In addition, we may be at a competitive disadvantage with regard to certain of our competitors who have larger customer bases, have more professionals to serve their 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 clients' needs and are able to provide financing or otherwise commit capital to clients that are often a crucial component of the Investment Banking Equities transactions on which we advise. 
 In addition to our larger competitors, we face competition from a number of independent investment banks that offer only independent advisory services, which stress their lack of other businesses as a competitive advantage. As these independent firms or new entrants into the market seek to gain market share, there could be additional pricing and competitive pressures, which may impact our ability to implement our growth strategy and ultimately materially adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our Equities business relies on non-affiliated third-party service providers. 
 Our Equities business has entered into service agreements with third-party service providers for order management, trade execution, settlement and clearance of client securities transactions and research distribution. This business faces the risk of operational failure of any of the vendors we use to facilitate our securities transactions or research distribution. Our senior management and officers oversee and manage these relationships. Poor oversight and control or inferior performance or service on the part of the service provider could result in loss of customers and violations of applicable rules and regulations. Any such failure could adversely affect our ability to effect transactions and to manage our exposure to risk. 
 Underwriting and trading activities expose us to risks. 
 We may incur losses and be subject to reputational harm to the extent that, for any reason, we are unable to sell securities we purchased as an underwriter at the anticipated price levels. As an underwriter, we also are subject to liability for material misstatements or omissions in prospectuses and other offering documents relating to offerings we underwrite. In such cases, any indemnification provisions in the applicable underwriting agreement may not be enforceable or available to us, for example, if the client is not financially able to satisfy its indemnification obligations in whole, or part, or the scope of the indemnity is not sufficient to protect us against financial or reputational losses arising from such liability. In addition, the associated litigation process can place operational strain on our business. 
 In addition, as customer trading activities expose us to potential losses, we may have to purchase or sell securities at prevailing market prices in the event a customer fails to settle a trade on its original terms. We seek to manage the risks associated with customer trading activities through customer screening, internal review and trading policies and procedures, but such policies and procedures may not be effective in all cases. 
 If the number of debt defaults or bankruptcies declines or other factors affect the demand for our restructuring services, our restructuring revenue could be adversely affected. 
 
 We provide financial advice and investment banking services to companies in financial transition, as well as to creditors, shareholders and potential acquirers of such companies. Our services may include reviewing and analyzing the business, financial condition and prospects of the company or providing advice on strategic transactions, capital raising or restructurings. We also may provide advisory services to companies that have sought, or are planning to seek, protection under Chapter 11 of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code or other similar processes in non-U.S. jurisdictions. A number of factors affect demand for these advisory services, including general economic conditions, the availability and cost of debt and equity financing, governmental policy and changes to laws, rules and regulations, including those that protect creditors. In addition, providing restructuring advisory services entails the risk that the transaction will be unsuccessful, or take considerable time, and be subject to a bankruptcy court's authority to disallow or discount our fees. If the number of debt defaults or bankruptcies declines, or other factors affect the demand for our restructuring advisory services, our restructuring business would be adversely affected. 
 Risks Relating to Our Investment Management Business 
 The amount and mix of our AUM are subject to significant fluctuations. 
 The revenues and profitability of our Wealth Management business are derived from providing investment management and related services. The level of our revenues depends largely on the level and mix of AUM. Fluctuations in the amount and mix of our AUM may be attributable, in part, to market conditions outside of our control that have had, and in the future could have, a negative impact on our revenues and income. Any decrease in the value or amount of our AUM because of market volatility or other factors negatively impacts our revenues and income. We are subject to an increased risk of asset volatility from changes in the global financial and equity markets. Global economic conditions, exacerbated by war or terrorism, health emergencies or financial crises, changes in the equity market place, trade disputes, restrictions on travel, currency exchange 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 rates, commodity prices, interest rates, inflation rates, the yield curve, and other factors that are difficult to predict affect the mix, market values and levels of our AUM. Moreover, changing market conditions may cause a shift in our asset mix between international and U.S. assets, potentially resulting in a decline in our revenue and income depending upon the nature of our AUM and the level of management fees we earn based on them. Additionally, changing market conditions may cause a shift in our asset mix towards fixed-income products and a related decline in our revenue and income, as in the U.S. we generally derive higher fee revenues and income from equity assets than from fixed-income products we manage. 
 If the funds we manage or invest in perform poorly, we will suffer a decline in our investment management revenue and earnings, and our Investment Management business may be adversely affected. 
 Revenue from our Wealth Management business is derived from fees earned for the management of client assets, generally based on the market value of AUM. Poor investment performance by these businesses, on an absolute basis or as compared to third-party benchmarks or competitors, could stimulate higher redemptions, thereby lowering AUM and reducing the fees we earn, even in periods when securities prices are generally rising. In addition, if the investments we make on behalf of our funds and clients perform poorly, it may be more difficult for us to attract new investors, launch new products or offer new services in our Wealth Management business. Furthermore, if the volatility in the U.S. and global markets causes a decline in the price of securities that constitutes a significant portion of our AUM, our clients could withdraw funds from, or be hesitant to invest in, our Investment Management business due to the uncertainty or volatility in the market or in favor of investments they perceive as offering greater opportunity or lower risk, which would also result in lower investment management revenue. 
 Our Investment Management business' reliance on non-affiliated third-party service providers subjects the Company to operational risks. 
 We have entered into services agreements with third-party service providers for custodial services and trust and investment administration processing and reporting services. Our officers oversee and manage these relationships; however, poor oversight and control on our part or inferior performance or service on the part of the service providers could result in loss of customers, violation of applicable rules and regulations, including, but not limited to, data protection, privacy and anti-money laundering laws and otherwise adversely affect our business and operations. 
 Our agreements with the OCC require us to maintain and segregate certain assets, and our failure to comply with these agreements (including if we are required to access these assets for other purposes) could adversely affect us. 
 Evercore Inc. and Evercore LP are party to a Capital and Liquidity Support Agreement, a Capital and Liquidity Maintenance Agreement and other related agreements with the OCC related to ETC (collectively, the "OCC Agreements"). The OCC Agreements require Evercore Inc. and Evercore LP to provide ETC necessary capital and liquidity support in order to ensure that ETC continues to operate safely and soundly and in accordance with applicable laws and regulations. In particular, the OCC Agreements require that Evercore Inc. and Evercore LP (1) maintain at least 5 million in Tier 1 capital in ETC or such other amount as the OCC may require and (2) maintain liquid assets in ETC in an amount at least equal to the greater of 3.5 million or 180 days coverage of ETC's operating expenses. 
 If we fail to comply with any of the OCC Agreements, we could become subject to civil money penalties, regulatory enforcement actions, payment of damages and, if the OCC deems it likely that we are unable to fulfill our obligations or breach the OCC Agreements, a forced disposition of ETC. The occurrence of any of these events or the disclosure that these events are probable or under consideration may cause reputational harm and erosion of client trust, due to a perception that we are unable to comply with applicable regulatory requirements, unable to successfully launch new initiatives and businesses, or that our reputation for integrity and high-caliber professional services is no longer valid, any of which could adversely affect our business and operations. 
 Risks Related to Our International Operations 
 A meaningful portion of our revenues are derived from our international operations, which are subject to certain risks. 
 In 2022, we earned 29 of our Total Revenues, excluding Other Revenue, and 29 of our Investment Banking Equities Revenues from clients located outside of the United States. Generally, we intend to grow our non-U.S. business, and this growth is critical to our overall success. Many of our large Investment Banking Equities clients are non-U.S. entities seeking to enter into transactions involving U.S. businesses. Our international operations carry special financial and business risks, which could include, but are not limited to, greater difficulties managing and staffing foreign operations; language and cultural differences; fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates that could adversely affect our results; unexpected and 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 costly changes in trading policies, regulatory requirements, tariffs and other barriers; restrictions on travel; greater difficulties in collecting accounts receivable; longer transaction cycles; higher operating costs; local labor conditions and regulations; adverse consequences or restrictions on the repatriation of earnings; potentially adverse tax consequences, such as trapped foreign losses; less stable political and economic environments; civil disturbances or other catastrophic events that reduce business activity; disasters or other business continuity problems, such as pandemics, other man-made or natural disaster or disruption involving electronic communications or other services; and international trade issues. 
 As part of our day-to-day operations outside of the United States, we are required to create compensation programs, employment policies, compliance policies and procedures and other administrative programs that comply with the laws of multiple countries. We also must communicate and monitor standards and directives across our global operations. Our failure to successfully manage and grow our geographically diverse operations could impair our ability to react quickly to changing business and market conditions and to enforce compliance with non-U.S. standards and procedures. 
 If our international business increases relative to our total business, these factors could have a more pronounced effect on our operating results. See also " Difficult market conditions may adversely affect our business in many ways, including reducing the volume of the transactions involving our Investment Banking Equities business, which may materially reduce our revenue or income." 
 Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates could adversely affect our results. 
 Because our financial statements are denominated in U.S. dollars and we receive a portion of our revenues in other currencies, we are exposed to fluctuations in foreign currencies. In addition, we pay certain of our expenses in such currencies. Generally, we do not enter into any transactions to hedge our exposure to foreign exchange fluctuations in our foreign subsidiaries through the use of derivative instruments or otherwise. An appreciation or depreciation of any of these currencies relative to the U.S. dollar would result in an adverse or beneficial impact, respectively, to our financial results. On occasion, we enter into foreign currency exchange forward contracts as an economic hedge against exchange rate risk for foreign currency denominated accounts receivable in EGL. There were no foreign currency exchange forward contracts outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 The cost of compliance with international broker-dealer, employment, labor, benefits and tax regulations may adversely affect our business and hamper our ability to expand internationally. 
 Since we operate our business both in the U.S. and internationally, we are subject to many distinct broker-dealer, employment, labor, benefits and tax laws in each jurisdiction in which we operate, including regulations affecting our employment practices and our relations with our employees and service providers. If we are required to comply with new regulations or new interpretations of existing regulations, or if we are unable to comply with these regulations or interpretations, our business could be adversely affected or the cost of compliance may make it difficult to expand into new international markets. Additionally, our competitiveness in international markets may be adversely affected by regulations requiring, among other things, the awarding of contracts to local contractors, the employment of local citizens and/or the purchase of services from local businesses. 
 Risks Related to Our Organizational Structure 
 We are required to pay some of our current and former Senior Managing Directors for most of the benefits relating to any additional tax depreciation or amortization deductions we may claim as a result of the tax basis step-up we receive in connection with exchanges of Evercore LP partnership units ("LP Units") for shares and related transactions. 
 As of December 31, 2022, there were certain vested LP Units held by some of our Senior Managing Directors and former employees that may in the future be exchanged for shares of our Class A common stock. The exchanges may result in increases in the tax basis of the assets of Evercore LP that otherwise would not have been available. These increases in tax basis may reduce the amount of tax that we would otherwise be required to pay in the future, although the IRS may challenge all or part of that tax basis increase, and a court could sustain such a challenge. 
 We have entered into a tax receivable agreement with some of our current and former Senior Managing Directors that provides for the payment by us to these Senior Managing Directors of 85 of the amount of cash savings, if any, in U.S. federal, state and local income tax or franchise tax that we actually realize as a result of these increases in tax basis. While the actual increase in tax basis, as well as the amount and timing of any payments under this agreement, will vary depending upon a number of factors, including the timing of exchanges, the price of shares of our Class A common stock at the time of the 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 exchange, the extent to which such exchanges are taxable, and the amount and timing of our income, we expect that, as a result of the size of the increases in the tax basis of the tangible and intangible assets of Evercore LP attributable to our interest in Evercore LP, during the expected term of the tax receivable agreement, the payments that we may make to our Senior Managing Directors could be substantial. Changes in tax legislation may modify the amounts paid under the agreement. For example, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act included a permanent reduction in the federal corporate income tax rate from 35 to 21 , which reduced future amounts to be paid under the agreement with respect to tax years beginning in 2018. In addition, there are numerous other provisions which may also have an impact on the amount of tax to be paid. To the extent that there are future changes or modifications to the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act or other legislation that increases our federal corporate tax rate, our payment obligations under the tax receivable agreement could increase. 
 Although we are not aware of any issue that would cause the IRS to challenge a tax basis increase, Senior Managing Directors who receive payments will not reimburse us for any payments that may previously have been made under the tax receivable agreement. As a result, in certain circumstances we could make payments to some of the Senior Managing Directors under the tax receivable agreement in excess of our cash tax savings. Our ability to achieve benefits from any tax basis increase, and the payments to be made under this agreement, will depend upon a number of factors, as discussed above, including the timing and amount of our future income. 
 Our only material asset is our interest in Evercore LP, and we are accordingly dependent upon distributions from Evercore LP to pay dividends, taxes and other expenses. 
 The Company is a holding company and has no material assets other than its ownership of partnership units in Evercore LP. The Company has no independent means of generating revenue. We intend to cause Evercore LP to make distributions to its partners in an amount sufficient to cover all applicable taxes payable, other expenses and dividends, if any, declared by us. 
 Payments of dividends, if any, will be at the sole discretion of the Company's board of directors after taking into account various factors, including economic and business conditions; our financial condition and operating results; our available cash and current and anticipated cash needs; our capital requirements; applicable contractual, legal, tax and regulatory restrictions; implications of the payment of dividends by us to our stockholders or by our subsidiaries (including Evercore LP) to us; and such other factors as our board of directors may deem relevant. 
 In addition, Evercore LP is generally prohibited under Delaware law from making a distribution to a partner to the extent that, at the time of the distribution, after giving effect to the distribution, liabilities of Evercore LP (with certain exceptions) exceed the fair value of its assets. Furthermore, certain subsidiaries of Evercore LP may be subject to similar legal limitations on their ability to make distributions to Evercore LP. Moreover, our regulated subsidiaries may be subject to regulatory capital requirements that limit the distributions that may be made by those subsidiaries. 
 Deterioration in the financial condition, earnings or cash flow of Evercore LP and its subsidiaries for any reason could limit or impair their ability to pay such distributions. Additionally, to the extent that the Company requires funds and Evercore LP is restricted from making such distributions under applicable law or regulation or under the terms of financing arrangements, or is otherwise unable to provide such funds, our liquidity and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. 
 As of December 31, 2022, regulated subsidiaries of Evercore LP had 964.7 million of cash and cash equivalents and investment securities. Amounts held in regulated entities may be subject to advance notification requirements to, or regulatory approval from, their relevant regulatory body prior to distribution, which could delay or restrict access to such capital. 
 If Evercore Inc. were deemed an "investment company" under the 1940 Act as a result of its ownership of Evercore LP, applicable restrictions could make it impractical for us to continue our business as contemplated and could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 If Evercore Inc. were to cease participation in the management of Evercore LP, its interest in Evercore LP could be deemed an "investment security" for purposes of the 1940 Act. Generally, a person is deemed to be an "investment company" if it owns investment securities having a value exceeding 40 of the value of its total assets (exclusive of U.S. government securities and cash items), absent an applicable exemption. Evercore Inc. will have no material assets other than its equity interest in Evercore LP. A determination that this interest was an investment security could result in Evercore Inc. being an investment company under the 1940 Act and becoming subject to the registration and other requirements of the 1940 Act. 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 The 1940 Act and the rules thereunder contain detailed parameters for the organization and operations of investment companies. Among other things, the 1940 Act and the rules thereunder limit or prohibit transactions with affiliates, impose limitations on the issuance of debt and equity securities, prohibit the issuance of stock options, and impose certain governance requirements. We intend to conduct our operations so that Evercore Inc. will not be deemed to be an investment company under the 1940 Act. However, if anything were to happen which would cause Evercore Inc. to be deemed to be an investment company under the 1940 Act, requirements imposed by the 1940 Act, including limitations on our capital structure, ability to transact business with affiliates and ability to compensate key employees, could make it impractical for us to continue our business as currently conducted, impair the agreements and arrangements between and among Evercore Inc., Evercore LP or our Senior Managing Directors, or any combination thereof and materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Risks Related to Our Class A Common Stock 
 Our employees control a significant portion of the voting power in Evercore Inc., which may give rise to conflicts of interests. 
 Our employees own shares of our Class A common stock and our Class B common stock. Our certificate of incorporation provides that the holders of the shares of our Class B common stock are entitled to a number of votes that is determined pursuant to a formula that relates to the number of LP Units held by such holders. Each holder of Class B common stock is entitled, without regard to the number of shares of Class B common stock held by such holder, to one vote for each partnership unit in Evercore LP held by such holder. Our employees, and certain trusts benefiting their families, collectively, have a significant portion of the voting power in Evercore Inc. As a result, our employees have the ability to exercise influence over the election of the members of our board of directors and, therefore, influence over our management and affairs, including determinations with respect to acquisitions, dispositions, borrowings, issuances of common stock or other securities, and the declaration and payment of dividends. In addition, they are able to exercise influence over the outcome of all matters requiring stockholder approval. This concentration of ownership could deprive our other Class A stockholders of an opportunity to receive a premium for their common stock as part of a sale of our company and might ultimately affect the market price of our Class A common stock. 
 Our share price may decline or we may have a significant increase in the number of shares of common stock outstanding due to the large number of shares eligible for future sale and for exchange. 
 The market price of our Class A common stock could decline as a result of sales of a large number of shares of Class A common stock in the market or the perception that such sales could occur. These sales, or the possibility that these sales may occur, might make it more difficult for us to sell equity securities at a time and at a price that we deem appropriate. 
 Further, we have historically repurchased a significant number of shares of our Class A common stock in the open market. If we were to cease or were unable to repurchase shares of Class A common stock, or choose to allocate available capital to the repayment of borrowings or other expenditures, the number of shares outstanding would increase over time, diluting the ownership of existing stockholders. 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation allows the exchange of Class A limited partnership units of Evercore LP ("Class A LP Units"), Class E limited partnership units of Evercore LP ("Class E LP Units"), Class I limited partnership units of Evercore LP ("Class I LP Units") and Class K limited partnership units of Evercore LP ("Class K LP Units") (other than those held by us) for shares of our Class A common stock on a one-for-one basis, subject to customary conversion rate adjustments for stock splits, stock dividends and reclassifications. The shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exchange of the partnership units that are held by our Senior Managing Directors and certain other employees of the Company are eligible for resale from time to time, subject to certain contractual and Securities Act restrictions. 
 Further, as part of annual bonuses and incentive compensation, we award restricted stock units ("RSUs") to employees, as well as to new hires. Each RSU represents the holder's right to receive one share of our Class A common stock following the applicable vesting date. Should we issue RSUs in excess of the amount remaining as authorized for issuance under the Second Amended 2016 Plan, these awards would be accounted for as liability awards, with changes in the fair value of these awards reflected as compensation expense until authorization is obtained. 
 Some of our Senior Managing Directors are parties to registration rights agreements with us. Under these agreements, these persons have the ability to cause us to register the shares of our Class A common stock they could acquire. 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 The market price of our Class A common stock may be volatile, which could cause the value of our Class A common stock to decline. 
 Securities markets worldwide experience significant price and volume fluctuations. This market volatility, as well as general economic, market or political conditions, could reduce the market price of our Class A common stock in spite of our operating performance. In addition, our operating results could be below the expectations of public market analysts and investors, and in response, the market price of our Class A common stock could decrease significantly. 
 Anti-takeover provisions in our charter documents and Delaware law could delay or prevent a change in control. 
 Our certificate of incorporation and by-laws may discourage, delay or prevent a merger or acquisition that a stockholder may consider favorable by permitting our board of directors to issue one or more series of preferred stock, requiring advance notice for stockholder proposals and nominations and placing limitations on convening stockholder meetings. In addition, we are subject to provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law that restrict certain business combinations with interested stockholders. These provisions may also discourage acquisition proposals or delay or prevent a change in control, which could harm our stock price. 
 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 None. 
 
 Item 2. Properties 
 Our principal offices are located in leased office space at 55 East 52nd Street, New York, New York and at 1 and 15 Stanhope Gate in London, U.K. We do not own any real property. 
 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 In the normal course of business, from time to time, the Company and its affiliates are involved in judicial or regulatory proceedings, arbitration or mediation concerning matters arising in connection with the conduct of its businesses, including contractual and employment matters. In addition, United Kingdom, German, Hong Kong, Singapore, Canadian, Dubai and United States government agencies and self-regulatory organizations, as well as state securities commissions in the United States, conduct periodic examinations and initiate administrative proceedings regarding the Company's business, including, among other matters, accounting and operational matters, that can result in censure, fine, the issuance of cease-and-desist orders or the suspension or expulsion of a broker-dealer, investment advisor, or its directors, officers or employees. In view of the inherent difficulty of determining whether any loss in connection with such matters is probable and whether the amount of such loss can be reasonably estimated, particularly in cases where claimants seek substantial or indeterminate damages or where investigations and proceedings are in the early stages, the Company cannot estimate the amount of such loss or range of loss, if any, related to such matters, how or if such matters will be resolved, when they will ultimately be resolved, or what the eventual settlement, fine, penalty or other relief, if any, might be. Subject to the foregoing, the Company believes, based on current knowledge and after consultation with counsel, that it is not currently party to any material pending proceedings, individually or in the aggregate, the resolution of which would have a material effect on the Company. Provisions for losses are established in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ("ASC") 450, " Contingencies" when warranted . Once established, such provisions are adjusted when there is more information available or when an event occurs requiring a change. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 PART II 
 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities Evercore Class A Common Stock 
 Our Class A common stock is listed on the NYSE and is traded under the symbol "EVR." At the close of business on February 15, 2023, there were 33 Class A common stockholders of record. This is not the actual number of beneficial owners of the Company's common stock, as shares are held in "street name" by brokers and others on behalf of individual owners. 
 There is no trading market for the Evercore Inc. Class B common stock. As of February 15, 2023, there were 50 holders of record of the Class B common stock. 
 Dividend Policy 
 The Company paid quarterly cash dividends of 0.72 per share of Class A common stock for the quarters ended December 31, 2022, September 30, 2022 and June 30, 2022, 0.68 per share for the quarters ended March 31, 2022, December 31, 2021, September 30, 2021 and June 30, 2021 and 0.61 per share for the quarter ended March 31, 2021. 
 We pay dividend equivalents, in the form of unvested RSU awards or deferred cash dividends, concurrently with the payment of dividends to the holders of Class A common shares, on all unvested RSU grants. The dividend equivalents have the same vesting and delivery terms as the underlying RSU award. 
 The declaration and payment of any future dividends will be at the sole discretion of our board of directors. Our board of directors will take into account: general economic and business conditions; our financial condition and operating results; our available cash and current and anticipated cash needs; capital requirements; contractual, legal, tax and regulatory restrictions and implications on the payment of dividends by us to our stockholders or by our subsidiaries (including Evercore LP) to us; and such other factors as our board of directors may deem relevant. 
 We are a holding company and have no material assets other than our ownership of partnership units in Evercore LP. We intend to cause Evercore LP to make distributions to us in an amount sufficient to cover dividends, if any, declared by us and tax distributions. If Evercore LP makes such distributions, the limited partners of Evercore LP may be entitled to receive equivalent distributions from Evercore LP on their partnership units. 
 Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 
 None 

26 

Table of Contents 

 Share Repurchases for the period January 1, 2022 through December 31, 2022 
 2022 Total Number of Shares (or Units) Purchased(1) Average Price Paid Per Share Total Number of Shares (or Units) Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs(2) Maximum Number (or Approximate Dollar Value) of Shares (or Units) that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs(2) January 1 to January 31 574 136.20 5,311,647 February 1 to February 28 1,868,073 128.34 1,075,902 9,959,215 March 1 to March 31 122,469 125.00 9,959,215 Total January 1 to March 31 1,991,116 128.14 1,075,902 9,959,215 April 1 to April 30 215,573 109.11 208,568 9,750,647 May 1 to May 31 1,267,557 110.10 1,258,788 8,491,859 June 1 to June 30 85,581 110.09 44,942 8,446,917 Total April 1 to June 30 1,568,711 109.96 1,512,298 8,446,917 July 1 to July 31 26,321 96.95 18,790 8,428,127 August 1 to August 31 220,019 100.44 216,085 8,212,042 September 1 to September 30 89,599 94.99 84,555 8,127,487 Total July 1 to September 30 335,939 98.71 319,430 8,127,487 October 1 to October 31 20,612 102.08 19,074 8,108,413 November 1 to November 30 262,498 110.64 256,191 7,852,222 December 1 to December 31 259,379 109.96 244,600 7,607,622 Total October 1 to December 31 542,489 109.99 519,865 7,607,622 Total January 1 to December 31 4,438,255 117.27 3,427,495 7,607,622 
 (1) Includes the repurchase of 915,214, 56,413, 16,509 and 22,624 shares in treasury transactions arising from net settlement of equity awards to satisfy minimum tax obligations during the three months ended March 31, 2022, June 30, 2022, September 30, 2022 and December 31, 2022, respectively. 
 (2) On April 27, 2021, our Board of Directors authorized (in addition to the net settlement of equity awards) the repurchase of Class A common stock ("Class A Shares") and/or LP Units so that from that date forward, we were able to repurchase an aggregate of the lesser of 750.0 million worth of Class A Shares and/or LP Units and 8.5 million Class A Shares and/or LP Units. In addition, on February 22, 2022, our Board of Directors authorized (in addition to the net settlement of equity awards) the repurchase of Class A Shares and/or LP Units so that from that date forward, we are able to repurchase an aggregate of the lesser of 1.4 billion worth of Class A Shares and/or LP Units and 10.0 million Class A Shares and/or LP Units. Under this share repurchase program, shares may be repurchased from time to time in open market transactions, in privately-negotiated transactions or otherwise. The timing and the actual amount of shares repurchased will depend on a variety of factors, including legal requirements, price and economic and market conditions. This program may be suspended or discontinued at any time and does not have a specified expiration date. 
 
 Information relating to compensation plans under which the Company's equity securities are authorized for issuance is set forth in Part III, Item 12 of this report. 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 The following discussion should be read in conjunction with Evercore Inc.'s consolidated financial statements and the related notes included elsewhere in this Form 10-K. 
 
 Key Financial Measures 
 Revenue 
 Total revenues reflect revenues from our Investment Banking Equities and Investment Management business segments that include fees for services, transaction-related client reimbursements and other revenue. Net revenues reflect total revenues less interest expense. 
 Investment Banking Equities. Our Investment Banking Equities segment earns fees from its clients for providing advice on mergers, acquisitions, divestitures, capital raising, leveraged buyouts, restructurings, private funds advisory and private capital markets services, activism and defense and similar corporate finance matters, and from underwriting and private placement activities, as well as commissions, fees and principal revenues from research and its sales and trading activities. The amount and timing of the fees paid vary by the type of engagement or services provided. In general, advisory fees are paid at the time we sign an engagement letter, during the course of the engagement or when an engagement is completed. The majority of our revenue consists of advisory fees for which realizations are dependent on the successful completion of client transactions. A transaction can fail to be completed for many reasons which are outside of our control, including failure of parties to agree upon final terms with the counterparty, to secure necessary board or shareholder approvals, to secure necessary financing, to achieve necessary regulatory approvals, or due to adverse market conditions. In the case of bankruptcy engagements, fees may be subject to court approval. Underwriting fees are recognized when the offering has been deemed to be completed and placement fees are generally recognized at the time of the client's acceptance of capital or capital commitments. Commissions and Related Revenue includes commissions, which are recorded on a trade-date basis or, in the case of payments under commission sharing arrangements, on the date earned. Commissions and Related Revenue also includes subscription fees for the sales of research, as well as revenues from principal transactions primarily executed on a riskless principal basis. Cash received before the subscription period ends is initially recorded as deferred revenue (a contract liability) and recognized as revenue over the remaining subscription period. 
 Revenue trends in our advisory business generally are correlated to the volume of M A activity, restructuring activity, which tends to be counter-cyclical to M A, and capital advisory activity. Demand for these capabilities can vary in any given year or quarter for a number of reasons. For example, changes in our market share or the ability of our clients to close certain large transactions can cause our revenue results to diverge from the level of overall M A, restructuring or capital advisory activity. Revenue trends in our equities business are correlated to market volumes, which generally decrease in periods of low market volatility or unfavorable market or economic conditions. See "Liquidity and Capital Resources" below for further information. 
 Investment Management. Our Investment Management segment includes operations related to the Wealth Management business and interests in private equity funds which we do not manage, and historically included the Institutional Asset Management business. Revenue sources primarily include management fees, fiduciary fees, performance fees and gains (or losses) on our investments. We completed the sale of the ECB Trust Business on July 2, 2020 and the remaining ECB business on December 16, 2020. Following these transactions, there were no remaining consolidated businesses in the Institutional Asset Management business. 
 Management fees for third party clients generally represent a percentage of AUM. Fiduciary fees, which are generally a function of the size and complexity of each engagement, are individually negotiated. Gains and losses include both realized and unrealized gains and losses on principal investments, including those arising from our equity interest in investment partnerships. 
 Transaction-Related Client Reimbursements . In our Investment Banking Equities segment, we incur various transaction-related expenditures, such as travel and professional fees, in the course of performing our services. Pursuant to the engagement letters with our advisory clients, these expenditures may be reimbursable. We define these expenses, which are associated with revenue activities earned over time, as transaction-related expenses and record such expenditures as incurred and record revenue when it is determined that clients have an obligation to reimburse us for such transaction-related expenses. Client expense reimbursements are recorded as revenue on the Consolidated Statements of Operations on the later of the date an engagement letter is executed or the date we pay or accrue the expense. 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 Other Revenue and Interest Expense. Other Revenue includes the following: 
 Interest income and income (losses) on investment securities, including our investment funds and futures contracts which are used as an economic hedge against our deferred cash compensation program, certificates of deposit, cash and cash equivalents, long-term accounts receivable and on our debt security investment in G5 Holdings S.A. ("G5") (through June 25, 2021, the date G5 repaid its outstanding debentures in full. See Note 10 to our consolidated financial statements for further information.) 
 A gain on the sale of a portion of our interests in ABS in 2022. See Note 10 to our consolidated financial statements for further information 
 Gains (losses) resulting from foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations 
 Realized and unrealized gains and losses on interests in private equity funds which we do not manage 
 A net loss on the sales of our businesses at ECB, as well as a loss related to the release of cumulative foreign exchange losses resulting from the sale and wind-down of our businesses in Mexico in 2020 
 Adjustments to amounts due pursuant to our tax receivable agreement, subsequent to its initial establishment, related to changes in enacted tax rates 
 Interest Expense includes interest expense associated with our Notes Payable and lines of credit. 
 Prior to the sale of our ECB business in Mexico in 2020, Other Revenue and Interest Expense was also derived from investing customer funds in financing transactions. These transactions were principally repurchases and resales of Mexican government and government agency securities. Revenue and expenses associated with these transactions were recognized over the term of the repurchase or resale transaction. 
 Operating Expenses 
 Employee Compensation and Benefits Expense. We include all payments for services rendered by our employees, as well as profits interests in our businesses that have been accounted for as compensation, in employee compensation and benefits expense. 
 We maintain compensation programs, including base salary, cash, deferred cash and equity bonus awards and benefits programs and manage compensation to estimates of competitive levels based on market conditions and performance. Our level of compensation, including deferred compensation, reflects our plan to maintain competitive compensation levels to retain key personnel, and it reflects the impact of newly-hired senior professionals, including related grants of equity and other awards, which are generally valued at their grant date and recorded in employee compensation and benefits expense over the requisite service period, subject to acceleration in certain cases. 
 Increasing the number of high-caliber, experienced senior level employees is critical to our growth efforts. See Item 1. "Business" for further information. In our advisory businesses, these hires generally do not begin to generate significant revenue in the year they are hired. 
 Our annual compensation program includes share-based compensation awards and deferred cash awards as a component of the annual bonus awards for certain employees. These awards, the amount of which is a function of performance and market conditions, are generally subject to annual vesting requirements over a four-year period beginning at the date of grant, which occurs in the first quarter of each year; accordingly, the expense is generally amortized over the stated vesting period, subject to retirement eligibility. With respect to annual awards, our retirement eligibility criteria generally stipulates that an employee is eligible for retirement if the employee has at least five years of continuous service, is at least 55 years of age and has a combined age and years of service of at least 65 years, or if an employee has at least 10 years of continuous service and is at least 60 years of age. Retirement eligibility allows for continued vesting of awards after employees depart from the Company, provided they give the minimum advance notice, which is generally six months to one year. 
 We estimate forfeitures in the aggregate compensation cost to be amortized over the requisite service period of the awards. We periodically monitor our estimated forfeiture rate and adjust our assumptions to the actual occurrence of forfeited awards. A change in estimated forfeitures is recognized through a cumulative adjustment in the period of the change. 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 In April 2021 and January 2022, our Board of Directors approved the issuance of Class L Interests in Evercore LP ("Class L Interests") to certain of our named executive officers, pursuant to which the named executive officers received a discretionary distribution of profits from Evercore LP, which was paid in the first quarter of 2022 and 2023, respectively. Distributions pursuant to these interests were made in lieu of any cash incentive compensation payments which may otherwise have been made to our named executive officers in respect of their service for 2021 and 2022, respectively. Following the distribution, these Class L Interests were cancelled pursuant to their terms. We record expense related to these distributions in Employee Compensation and Benefits on the Consolidated Statements of Operations and reflect accrued liabilities in Accrued Compensation and Benefits on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. 
 In January 2023, our Board of Directors approved the issuance of Class L Interests to certain of our named executive officers, pursuant to which the named executive officers may receive a discretionary distribution of profits from Evercore LP, to be paid in the first quarter of 2024. Distributions pursuant to these interests are anticipated to be made in lieu of any cash incentive compensation payments which may otherwise have been made to our named executive officers in respect of their service for 2023. 
 Our Long-term Incentive Plan provides for incentive compensation awards to Advisory Senior Managing Directors, excluding executive officers, who exceed defined benchmark results over four-year performance periods beginning January 1, 2017 (the "2017 Long-term Incentive Plan") and January 1, 2021 (the "2021 Long-term Incentive Plan"). We made cash distributions under the 2017 Long-term Incentive Plan in March 2022 and 2021, as well as in December 2021, related to the acceleration of certain amounts due in the first quarter of 2022. Remaining amounts are due to be paid, in cash or Class A Shares, at our discretion, in the first quarter of 2023 (for the 2017 Long-term Incentive Plan) and in the first quarter of 2025, 2026 and 2027 (for the 2021 Long-term Incentive Plan), subject to employment at the time of payment. Awards issued under the 2017 Long-term Incentive Plan are subject to retirement eligibility requirements after the performance criteria has been achieved. We periodically assess the probability of the benchmarks being achieved and expense the probable payout over the requisite service period of the award. The performance period for the 2017 Long-term Incentive Plan ended on December 31, 2020. 
 From time to time, we also grant incentive awards to certain individuals which include both performance and service-based vesting requirements and, in certain awards, market based requirements. These include Class I-P Units of Evercore LP and Class K-P Units of Evercore LP ("Class K-P Units"). See Note 18 to our consolidated financial statements for further information. 
 We believe that the ratio of Employee Compensation and Benefits Expense to Net Revenues is an important measure to assess the annual cost of compensation relative to performance and provides a meaningful basis for comparison of compensation and benefits expense between present, historical and future years. 
 Non-Compensation Expenses. Our other operating expenses include costs for occupancy and equipment rental, professional fees, travel and related expenses, communications and information technology services, depreciation and amortization, execution, clearing and custody fees and other operating expenses. We refer to all of these expenses as non-compensation expenses. 
 Other Expenses 
 Other Expenses include the following: 
 Amortization of LP Units and Certain Other Awards Includes amortization costs associated with the vesting of Class J limited partnership units of Evercore LP issued in conjunction with the acquisition of International Strategy Investment ("ISI") and certain other related awards. These awards were fully vested as of March 31, 2020 
 Special Charges, Including Business Realignment Costs Includes the following expenses: 
 2022 Includes expenses related to charges associated with the prepayment of our 5.23 Series B senior notes originally due March 30, 2023 (the "Series B Notes"), as well as certain professional fees, separation benefits and other charges related to the ongoing wind-down of our administrative functions in Mexico 
 2021 Includes expenses related to the write-down of certain assets associated with a legacy private equity investment relationship which, consistent with our investment strategy, we decided to wind down during 2021 
 2020 Includes expenses related to separation and transition benefits and related costs as a result of our review of operations and the acceleration of depreciation expense for leasehold improvements and certain other fixed assets in conjunction with the expansion of our headquarters in New York and our business 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 realignment initiatives, as well as charges related to the impairment of assets resulting from the wind-down of our businesses in Mexico 
 Acquisition and Transition Costs Includes costs incurred in connection with acquisitions, divestitures and other ongoing business development initiatives, primarily comprised of professional fees for legal and other services, including costs in 2020 associated with the sale of our ECB businesses 
 Intangible Asset and Other Amortization Includes amortization of intangible assets and other purchase accounting-related amortization associated with certain acquisitions 
 Income from Equity Method Investments 
 Our share of the income (loss) from our equity interests in ABS, Atalanta Sosnoff, Luminis and Seneca Evercore are included within Income from Equity Method Investments, as a component of Income Before Income Taxes, on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. See Note 10 to our consolidated financial statements for further information. 
 Provision for Income Taxes 
 We account for income taxes in accordance with ASC 740, "Income Taxes" ("ASC 740"), which requires the recognition of tax benefits or expenses on temporary differences between the financial reporting and tax basis of our assets and liabilities. Excess tax benefits and deficiencies associated with the appreciation or depreciation in our share price upon vesting of employee share-based awards above or below the original grant price are recognized in our Provision for Income Taxes. In addition, net deferred tax assets are impacted by changes to statutory tax rates in the period of enactment. See Note 21 to our consolidated financial statements for further information. 
 Noncontrolling Interest 
 We record noncontrolling interest relating to the ownership interests of certain of our current and former Senior Managing Directors and other officers and their estate planning vehicles in Evercore LP, as well as the portions of our operating subsidiaries not owned by Evercore. Evercore Inc. is the sole general partner of Evercore LP and has a majority economic interest in Evercore LP. As a result, Evercore Inc. consolidates Evercore LP and records a noncontrolling interest for the economic interest in Evercore LP held by the limited partners. 
 We generally allocate net income or loss to participating noncontrolling interests held at Evercore LP and at the operating entity level, where required, by multiplying the relative ownership interest of the noncontrolling interest holders for the period by the net income or loss of the entity to which the noncontrolling interest relates. In circumstances where the governing documents of the entity to which the noncontrolling interest relates require special allocations of profits or losses to the controlling and noncontrolling interest holders, the net income or loss of these entities is allocated based on these special allocations. See Note 16 to our consolidated financial statements for further information. 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 Results of Operations 
 The following is a discussion of our results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. For a more detailed discussion of the factors that affected the revenue and operating expenses of our Investment Banking Equities and Investment Management business segments in these periods, see the discussion in "Business Segments" below. 
 For the Years Ended December 31, Change 2022 2021 2020 2022 v. 2021 2021 v. 2020 (dollars and share amounts in thousands, except per share data) Revenues Investment Banking Equities: Advisory Fees 2,392,990 2,751,992 1,755,273 (13 57 Underwriting Fees 122,596 246,705 276,191 (50 (11 Commissions and Related Revenue 206,207 205,822 206,692 Asset Management and Administration Fees 64,483 65,784 54,397 (2 21 Other Revenue, Including Interest and Investments (7,378) 36,782 (7,234) NM NM Total Revenues 2,778,898 3,307,085 2,285,319 (16 45 Interest Expense 16,850 17,586 21,414 (4 (18 Net Revenues 2,762,048 3,289,499 2,263,905 (16 45 Expenses Operating Expenses 2,062,880 2,178,500 1,688,015 (5 29 Other Expenses 3,126 8,561 49,457 (63 (83 Total Expenses 2,066,006 2,187,061 1,737,472 (6 26 Income Before Income from Equity Method Investments and Income Taxes 696,042 1,102,438 526,433 (37 109 Income from Equity Method Investments 7,999 14,161 14,398 (44 (2 Income Before Income Taxes 704,041 1,116,599 540,831 (37 106 Provision for Income Taxes 172,626 248,026 128,151 (30 94 Net Income 531,415 868,573 412,680 (39 110 Net Income Attributable to Noncontrolling Interest 54,895 128,457 62,106 (57 107 Net Income Attributable to Evercore Inc. 476,520 740,116 350,574 (36 111 Diluted Weighted Average Shares of Class A Common Stock Outstanding 41,037 43,321 42,623 (5 2 Diluted Net Income Per Share Attributable to Evercore Inc. Common Shareholders 11.61 17.08 8.22 (32 108 
 2022 versus 2021 
 Net Income Attributable to Evercore Inc. was 476.5 million in 2022, a decrease of 263.6 million, or 36 , compared to 740.1 million in 2021. The changes in our operating results during these years are described below. 
 Net Revenues were 2.76 billion in 2022, a decrease of 527.5 million, or 16 , versus Net Revenues of 3.29 billion in 2021. Advisory Fees decreased 359.0 million, or 13 , Underwriting Fees decreased 124.1 million, or 50 , and Commissions and Related Revenue increased 0.4 million compared to 2021. Asset Management and Administration Fees decreased 1.3 million, or 2 , compared to 2021. See "Business Segments" below for further information. 
 Ot her Revenue, Including Interest and Investments, decreased 44.2 million compared to 2021, primarily reflecting a shift from gains of 29.0 million in 2021 to losses of 29.8 million in 2022 on our investment funds portfolio due to the overall market decline. The investment funds portfolio is used as an economic hedge against our deferred cash compensation program. The decrease was also driven by a 4.4 million gain on the redemption of the G5 debt security in 2021. This was partially offset 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 by higher gains in our fixed income investment portfolios and higher interest income, as well as a 1.3 million gain on the sale of a portion of our interests in ABS during 2022. See Note 10 to our consolidated financial statements for further information. 
 Total Operating Expenses were 2.06 billion in 2022, compared to 2.18 billion in 2021, a decrease of 115.6 million, or 5 . Employee Compensation and Benefits Expense, as a component of Operating Expenses, was 1.70 billion in 2022, a decrease of 151.2 million, or 8 , versus expense of 1.85 billion in 2021. The decrease in the amount of compensation recognized in 2022 principally reflects a lower provision for incentive compensation, partially offset by higher base salaries and higher amortization of prior period deferred compensation awards. Non-compensation expenses as a component of Operating Expenses were 365.4 million in 2022, an increase of 35.7 million, or 11 , versus 329.7 million in 2021. The increase was primarily driven by an increase in travel and related expenses, as travel, which curtailed during the COVID-19 pandemic, began to resume during the fourth quarter of 2021 and increased throughout 2022, as well as an increase in professional fees and bad debt expense. This was partially offset by a decline in the fair value of contingent consideration owed to former equity interest holders in our RECA business, as well as charitable contributions made to the Evercore Foundation in 2021. Non-Compensation expenses per employee were approximately 176.2 thousand for 2022, versus 174.9 thousand for 2021. 
 Total Other Expenses of 3.1 million in 2022 included Special Charges, Including Business Realignment Costs, related to charges associated with the prepayment of our Series B Notes, as well as certain professional fees, separation benefits and other charges related to the ongoing wind-down of our administrative functions in Mexico. Total Other Expenses of 8.6 million in 2021 included Special Charges, Including Business Realignment Costs, of 8.6 million related to the write-down of certain assets associated with a legacy private equity investment relationship which, consistent with our investment strategy, we decided to wind down during 2021 and Acquisition and Transition Costs of 0.01 million. 
 As a result of the factors noted above, Employee Compensation and Benefits Expense as a percentage of Net Revenues was 61.5 in 2022, compared to 56.2 in 2021. 
 Income from Equity Method Investments was 8.0 million in 2022, compared to 14.2 million in 2021. The decrease was primarily driven by lower income earned by ABS, principally reflecting a decrease in our ownership following the sale of a portion of our interests in 2022. See Note 10 to our consolidated financial statements for further information. 
 The provision for income taxes in 2022 was 172.6 million, which reflected an effective tax rate of 24.5 . The provision for income taxes in 2021 was 248.0 million, which reflected an effective tax rate of 22.2 . The increase in the effective tax rate reflects higher state and local taxes and a lower amount of earnings allocated to noncontrolling interest holders. The increase was partially offset by a higher net tax benefit in 2022 associated with the appreciation or depreciation in our share price upon vesting of employee share-based awards above or below the original grant price. 
 Net Income Attributable to Noncontrolling Interest was 54.9 million in 2022 compared to 128.5 million in 2021. The decrease in Net Income Attributable to Noncontrolling Interest primarily reflects lower income at Evercore LP in 2022, as well as the decrease in noncontrolling ownership interest in 2022. See Note 16 to our consolidated financial statements for further information. 
 For a discussion of 2021 versus 2020, refer to Item 7. "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Results of Operations" in our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Impairment of Assets 
 Goodwill 
 At both November 30, 2022 and 2021, in accordance with ASC 350, "Intangibles - Goodwill and Other" ("ASC 350"), we performed our annual Goodwill impairment assessment and concluded that the fair value of our reporting units substantially exceeded their carrying values. 
 For a discussion of 2020, refer to Item 7. "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Impairment of Assets" in our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Other Assets 
 We recorded no impairment charges for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 We recorded 8.6 million in Special Charges, Including Business Realignment Costs, on the Consolidated Statement of Operations for the year ended December 31, 2021 , related to the write-down of certain assets associated with a legacy private equity investment relationship which, consistent with our investment strategy, we decided to wind-down during 2021. See Note 10 to our consolidated financial statements for further information . 
 For a discussion of 2020, refer to Item 7. "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Impairment of Assets" in our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Business Segments 
 The following data presents revenue, expenses and contributions from our equity method investments by business segment. 
 Investment Banking Equities 
 The following table summarizes the operating results of the Investment Banking Equities segment. 
 For the Years Ended December 31, Change 2022 2021 2020 2022 v. 2021 2021 v. 2020 (dollars in thousands) Revenues Investment Banking Equities: Advisory Fees 2,392,990 2,751,992 1,755,273 (13 57 Underwriting Fees 122,596 246,705 276,191 (50 (11 Commissions and Related Revenue (1) 
 206,207 205,822 206,692 Other Revenue, net (1)(2)(3)(4) 
 (25,668) 19,370 (20,770) NM NM Net Revenues 2,696,125 3,223,889 2,217,386 (16 45 Expenses Operating Expenses 2,009,913 2,125,871 1,637,542 (5 30 Other Expenses 3,126 7 49,112 NM (100 Total Expenses 2,013,039 2,125,878 1,686,654 (5 26 Operating Income 683,086 1,098,011 530,732 (38 107 Income from Equity Method Investments (5) 
 1,217 1,337 1,546 (9 (14 Pre-Tax Income 684,303 1,099,348 532,278 (38 107 
 (1) We renamed "Commissions and Related Fees" to "Commissions and Related Revenue" and reclassified 0.9 million of principal trading gains and losses from our institutional equities business from "Other Revenue, net" to "Commissions and Related Revenue" for the year ended December 31, 2020. See Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements for further information. 
 (2) Includes interest expense on Notes Payable and lines of credit of 16.9 million, 17.6 million and 18.2 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 (3) Includes a gain of 4.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, resulting from the redemption of our G5 debt security. 
 (4) Includes a loss of 21.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2020, resulting from the sale and wind-down of our businesses in Mexico, related to the release of cumulative foreign exchange losses. 
 (5) Equity in Luminis and Seneca Evercore is classified as Income from Equity Method Investments. 
 
 For 2022, the dollar value of North American announced and completed M A activity decreased 38 and 32 , respectively, compared to 2021, and the dollar value of Global announced and completed M A activity decreased 36 and 21 , respectively, compared to 2021. 
 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 For the Years Ended December 31, Change 2022 2021 2020 2022 v. 2021 2021 v. 2020 Industry Statistics in billions) (1) 
 Value of North American M A Deals Announced 1,624 2,609 1,443 (38 81 Value of North American M A Deals Completed 1,570 2,311 1,497 (32 54 Value of Global M A Deals Announced 3,577 5,624 3,476 (36 62 Value of Global M A Deals Completed 3,523 4,462 3,228 (21 38 Evercore Statistics Total Number of Fees From Advisory Client Transactions (2) 
 651 797 687 (18 16 Total Number of Fees of at Least 1 million from Advisory Client Transactions (2) 
 409 502 386 (19 30 Total Number of Underwriting Transactions (3) 
 49 117 118 (58 (1 Total Number of Underwriting Transactions as a Bookrunner (3) 
 44 100 85 (56 18 (1) Source: Refinitiv January 5, 2023 
 (2) Includes Advisory and Underwriting Transactions. 
 (3) Includes Equity and Debt Underwriting Transactions. 
 Investment Banking Equities Results of Operations 
 2022 versus 2021 
 Net Revenues were 2.70 billion in 2022 , compared to 3.22 billion in 2021 , a decrease of 527.8 million, or 16 . The decrease in revenues from 2021 was primarily driven by a decrease of 359.0 million, or 13 , in Advisory Fees, reflecting a decrease in the number of fees earned. Underwriting Fees decreased 124.1 million, or 50 , compared to 2021, principally reflecting a decrease in the number of transactions we participated in due to the decline in overall market issuances. Commissions and Related Revenue increased 0.4 million compared to 2021 , primarily reflecting increased revenues from research subscriptions, partially offset by lower trading volumes. Other Revenue, net, decreased 45.0 million compared to 2021 , primarily reflecting a shift from gains of 29.0 million in 2021 to losses of 29.8 million in 2022 on our investment funds portfolio due to the overall market decline. The decrease was also driven by a 4.4 million gain on the redemption of the G5 debt security in 2021. This was partially offset by higher gains in our fixed income investment portfolios and higher interest income. 
 Operating Expenses were 2.01 billion in 2022 , compared to 2.13 billion in 2021 , a decrease of 116.0 million, or 5 . Employee Compensation and Benefits Expense, as a component of Operating Expenses, was 1.66 billion in 2022 , compared to 1.81 billion in 2021 , a decrease of 151.3 million , or 8 . The decrease in the amount of compensation recognized in 2022 principally reflects a lower provision for incentive compensation, partially offset by higher base salaries and higher amortization of prior period deferred compensation awards. Non-compensation expenses, as a component of Operating Expenses, were 351.8 million in 2022, compared to 316.5 million in 2021, an increase of 35.3 million , or 11 . Non-compensation operating expenses increased from the prior year, primarily driven by an increase in travel and related expenses, as travel, which curtailed during the COVID-19 pandemic, began to resume during the fourth quarter of 2021 and increased throughout 2022, as well as an increase in professional fees and bad debt expense. This was partially offset by a decline in the fair value of contingent consideration owed to former equity interest holders in our RECA business, as well as charitable contributions made to the Evercore Foundation in 2021. 
 Other Expenses of 3.1 million in 2022 included Special Charges, Including Business Realignment Costs, related to charges associated with the prepayment of our Series B Notes , as well as certain professional fees, separation benefits and other charges related to the ongoing wind-down of our administrative functions in Mexico. Ot her Expenses of 0.01 million in 2021 reflected Acquis ition and Transition Costs. 
 For a discussion of 2021 versus 2020, refer to Item 7. "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Results of Operations" in our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 Investment Management 
 The following table summarizes the operating results of the Investment Management segment. 
 For the Years Ended December 31, Change 2022 2021 2020 2022 v. 2021 2021 v. 2020 (dollars in thousands) Revenues Asset Management and Administration Fees: Wealth Management 64,483 65,784 53,069 (2 24 Institutional Asset Management (1) 
 1,328 NM NM Asset Management and Administration Fees 64,483 65,784 54,397 (2 21 Other Revenue, net (2)(3) 
 1,440 (174) (7,878) NM 98 Net Revenues 65,923 65,610 46,519 41 Expenses Operating Expenses 52,967 52,629 50,473 1 4 Other Expenses 8,554 345 NM NM Total Expenses 52,967 61,183 50,818 (13 20 Operating Income (Loss) 12,956 4,427 (4,299) 193 NM Income from Equity Method Investments (4) 
 6,782 12,824 12,852 (47 Pre-Tax Income 19,738 17,251 8,553 14 102 
 (1) On July 2, 2020, we sold the trust business of ECB and on December 16, 2020, we sold the remaining ECB business. 
 (2) Includes a gain of 1.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, resulting from the sale of a portion of our interests in ABS. 
 (3) Includes a loss of 9.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2020, resulting from the sale and wind-down of our businesses in Mexico, including 3.4 million related to the sale of our ECB businesses and 6.3 million related to the release of cumulative foreign exchange losses. 
 (4) Equity in ABS and Atalanta Sosnoff is classified as Income from Equity Method Investments. 
 Investment Management Results of Operations 
 Our Investment Management segment includes the following: 
 Wealth Management conducted through EWM and ETC. Fee-based revenues from EWM are primarily earned on a percentage of AUM, while ETC primarily earns fees from negotiated trust services. 
 Private Equity conducted through our investment interests in private equity funds. We maintain a limited partner's interest in Glisco Partners II, L.P. ("Glisco II"), Glisco Partners III, L.P. ("Glisco III") and Glisco Capital Partners IV, L.P. ("Glisco IV", and together with Glisco II and Glisco III, the "Glisco Funds"), as well as Glisco Manager Holdings LP and the general partners of the Glisco Funds. We receive our portion of the management fees earned by Glisco Partners Inc. ("Glisco") from Glisco Manager Holdings LP. We are passive investors and do not participate in the management of any Glisco sponsored funds. We are also passive investors in Trilantic Capital Partners Associates IV, L.P., Trilantic Capital Partners V, L.P. and Trilantic Capital Partners VI (North America), L.P. ("Trilantic VI") (through January 1, 2022). In the event the private equity funds perform below certain thresholds, we may be obligated to repay certain carried interest previously distributed. As of December 31, 2022, 0.6 million of previously distributed carried interest received from the funds was subject to repayment. During 2021, consistent with our investment strategy, we decided to wind down our investment relationship with Trilantic Capital Partners ("Trilantic"). See Note 10 to our consolidated financial statements for further information. 
 We also hold interests in ABS and Atalanta Sosnoff that are accounted for under the equity method of accounting. The results of these investments are included within Income from Equity Method Investments. During 2022, we sold a portion of our interests in ABS. See Note 10 to our consolidated financial statements for further information. 
 
 Our historical Investment Management results include the ECB businesses, revenues for which were previously included in Institutional Asset Management above. On July 2, 2020, we sold the trust business of ECB and on December 16, 2020, we sold the remaining ECB business. 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 Assets Under Management 
 AUM in our Wealth Management business of 10.5 billion at December 31, 2022 decreased 1.7 billion, or 14 , compared to 12.2 billion at December 31, 2021. The amounts of AUM presented in the table below reflect the fair value of assets which we manage on behalf of Wealth Management clients. As defined in ASC 820, "Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures" ("ASC 820"), valuations performed for Level 1 investments are based on quoted prices obtained from active markets generated by third parties and Level 2 investments are valued through the use of models based on either direct or indirect observable inputs or other valuation methodologies performed by third parties to determine fair value. For both the Level 1 and Level 2 investments, we obtain both active quotes from nationally recognized exchanges and third-party pricing services to determine market or fair value quotes, respectively. For Level 3 investments, pricing inputs are unobservable for the investment and includes situations where there is little, if any, market activity for the investment. The inputs into the determination of fair value require significant management judgment or estimation. Wealth Management maintained 74 and 75 of Level 1 investments, 21 and 21 of Level 2 investments and 5 and 4 of Level 3 investments as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 The fees that we receive for providing investment advisory and management services are primarily driven by the level and composition of AUM. Accordingly, client flows, market movements, and changes in our product mix will impact the level of management fees we receive from our Wealth Management business. Fees vary with the type of assets managed and the channel in which they are managed, with higher fees earned on equity assets and alternative investment funds, such as hedge funds and private equity funds, and lower fees earned on fixed income and cash management products. Clients will increase or reduce the aggregate amount of AUM that we manage for a number of reasons, including changes in the level of assets that they have available for investment purposes, their overall asset allocation strategy, our relative performance versus competitors offering similar investment products and the quality of our service. The fees we earn are also impacted by our investment performance, as the appreciation or depreciation in the value of the assets that we manage directly impacts our fees. 
 The following table summarizes AUM activity for Wealth Management for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 
 (dollars in millions) Balance at December 31, 2020 10,163 Inflows 1,792 Outflows (1,294) Market Appreciation 1,523 Balance at December 31, 2021 (1) 
 12,184 Inflows 1,375 Outflows (1,289) Market Appreciation (Depreciation) (1,733) Balance at December 31, 2022 (1) 
 10,537 Unconsolidated Affiliates - Balance at December 31, 2022: Atalanta Sosnoff 6,649 ABS 6,595 
 (1) Assets Under Management includes Evercore assets which are managed by Evercore Wealth Management of 0.3 million and 76.3 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 The following table represents the composition of AUM for Wealth Management as of December 31, 2022: 
 Equities 61 Fixed Income 21 Liquidity (1) 
 12 Alternatives 6 Total 100 
 (1) Includes cash, cash equivalents and U.S. Treasury securities. 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 Our Wealth Management business serves individuals, families and related institutions delivering customized investment management, financial planning, and trust and custody services. Investment portfolios are tailored to meet the investment objectives of individual clients and reflect a blend of equity, fixed income and other products. Fees charged to clients reflect the composition of the assets managed and the services provided. Investment performance in the Wealth Management business is measured against appropriate indices based on the composition of AUM, most frequently the S P 500 and a composite fixed income index principally reflecting BarCap and MSCI indices. 
 In 2022, AUM for Wealth Management decreased 14 , primarily reflecting a decrease due to market depreciation. Performance for 2022 reflected: 
 Wealth Management lagged the S P 500 on a 1-year basis by approximately 4 and outperformed the S P 500 on a 3-year basis by approximately 1 
 Wealth Management outperformed the fixed income composite on a 1-year basis by approximately 10 basis points and lagged the fixed income composite on a 3-year basis by approximately 20 basis points 
 The S P 500 and fixed income composite were each down approximately 18 and 5 , respectively 
 In 2021, AUM for Wealth Management increased 20 , reflecting a 15 increase due to market appreciation and a 5 increase due to flows. Performance for 2021 reflected: 
 Wealth Management outperformed the S P 500 on a 1 and 3-year basis by approximately 2 and 5 , respectively 
 Wealth Management outperformed the fixed income composite on a 1-year basis by approximately 20 basis points and lagged the fixed income composite on a 3-year basis by approximately 30 basis points 
 The S P 500 was up approximately 29 and the fixed income composite was down approximately 1 
 AUM from our unconsolidated affiliates decreased 17 compared to December 31, 2021, reflecting declines in both Atalanta Sosnoff and ABS. 
 2022 versus 2021 
 Net Revenues were 65.9 million in 2022, compared to 65.6 million in 2021, an increase of 0.3 million. Asset Management and Administration Fees earned from the management of Wealth Management client portfolios decreased 1.3 million, or 2 , from 2021 as associated AUM decreased 14 , primarily from market depreciation. Other Revenue, net, increased 1.6 million from 2021, primarily driven by higher gains on our private equity investments. 
 Operating Expenses were 53.0 million in 2022, compared to 52.6 million in 2021, an increase of 0.3 million, or 1 . Employee Compensation and Benefits Expense, as a component of Operating Expenses, was 39.5 million in 2022, compared to 39.3 million in 2021, an increase of 0.2 million, or 1 . Non-Compensation expenses, as a component of Operating Expenses, were 13.5 million in 2022, compared to 13.3 million in 2021, an increase of 0.2 million, or 2 . 
 Other Expenses of 8.6 million in 2021 included Special Charges, Including Business Realignment Costs, related to the write-down of certain assets associated with a legacy private equity investment relationship which, consistent with our investment strategy, we decided to wind down during 2021. 
 Income from Equity Method Investments decreased 47 from 2021, primarily driven by lower income earned by ABS, principally reflecting a decrease in our ownership following the sale of a portion of our interests during 2022. See Note 10 to our consolidated financial statements for further information. 
 For a discussion of 2021 versus 2020, refer to Item 7. "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Results of Operations" in our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Cash Flows 
 Our operating cash flows are primarily influenced by the timing and receipt of fees and the payment of operating expenses, including incentive compensation to our employees and interest expense on our repurchase agreements (prior to the sale of our ECB business), Notes Payable and lines of credit, and the payment of income taxes. Advisory and Underwriting fees are generally collected within 90 days of billing. However, placement fees may be collected within 180 days of billing, with fees related to private funds capital raising and certain fees related to the private capital businesses being collected in a period exceeding one year. Commissions earned from our agency trading activities are generally received from our clearing broker 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 within 11 days. Fees from our Wealth Management business (and previously our Institutional Asset Management business, prior to the sale of our ECB business) are generally billed and collected within 90 days. We traditionally pay a substantial portion of incentive compensation during the first three months of each calendar year with respect to the prior year's results and prior years' deferred compensation. Likewise, payments to fund investments related to hedging our deferred cash compensation plans are generally funded in the first three months of each calendar year. Our investing and financing cash flows are primarily influenced by activities to invest our cash in highly liquid securities or bank certificates of deposit, deploy capital to fund investments and acquisitions, raise capital through the issuance of stock or debt, repurchase of outstanding Class A Shares (including for net settlement of RSUs), and/or noncontrolling interest in Evercore LP, as well as our other subsidiaries, payment of dividends and other periodic distributions to our stakeholders. We generally make dividend payments and other distributions on a quarterly basis. If required, we may periodically draw down on our lines of credit to balance the timing of our operating, investing and financing cash flow needs. A summary of our operating, investing and financing cash flows is as follows: 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (dollars in thousands) Cash Provided By (Used In) Operating activities: Net income 531,415 868,573 412,680 Non-cash charges 561,678 498,772 481,698 Other operating activities (561,717) 17,553 83,993 Operating activities 531,376 1,384,898 978,371 Investing activities 313,303 (705,892) (483,871) Financing activities (735,568) (925,321) (307,793) Effect of exchange rate changes (24,281) (4,616) 7,631 Net Increase (Decrease) in Cash, Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash 84,830 (250,931) 194,338 Cash, Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash Beginning of Period 587,293 838,224 643,886 End of Period 672,123 587,293 838,224 
 2022. Cash, Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash were 672.1 million at December 31, 2022, an increase of 84.8 million versus Cash, Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash of 587.3 million at December 31, 2021. Operating activities resulted in a net inflow of 531.4 million, primarily related to earnings, partially offset by the payment of 2021 bonus awards and deferred cash compensation, which contributed to a decrease to Accrued Compensation and Benefits on our Consolidated Statement of Financial Condition as of December 31, 2022. Cash of 313.3 million was provided by investing activities, primarily related to net proceeds from sales and maturities of investment securities and proceeds received for the sale of a portion of our interests in ABS, partially offset by purchases of equipment and leasehold improvements. Financing activities during the period used cash of 735.6 million, primarily for purchases of treasury stock (including for net settlement of RSUs) and noncontrolling interests, the repayment of our Notes Payable and dividends and distributions to noncontrolling interest holders, partially offset by the issuance of the 2022 Private Placement Notes. Cash is also impacted due to the effect of foreign exchange rate fluctuation when translating non-U.S. currencies to U.S. Dollars. 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 2021. Cash, Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash were 587.3 million at December 31, 2021, a decrease of 250.9 million versus Cash, Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash of 838.2 million at December 31, 2020. Operating activities resulted in a net inflow of 1.4 billion, primarily related to earnings. Investing activities during the period used cash of 705.9 million, primarily related to net purchases of investment securities and certificates of deposit and purchases of equipment and leasehold improvements, principally related to the expansion of our headquarters in New York, partially offset by proceeds from the redemption of the G5 debt security and proceeds received for the sale of our interests in Trilantic VI. Financing activities during the period used cash of 925.3 million, primarily for purchases of treasury stock (including for net settlement of RSUs) and noncontrolling interests, the payment of our Notes Payable and dividends and distributions to noncontrolling interest holders, partially offset by the issuance of the 2021 Private Placement Notes. For further information, see Note 13 to our consolidated financial statements. Cash is also impacted due to the effect of foreign exchange rate fluctuation when translating non-U.S. currencies to U.S. Dollars. 
 For a discussion of 2020, refer to Item 7. "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Cash Flows" in our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 General 
 Our current assets principally include Cash and Cash Equivalents, Investment Securities and Certificates of Deposit, Accounts Receivable and contract assets, included in Other Current Assets, relating to revenues from our Investment Banking Equities and Investment Management segments. Our current liabilities principally include accrued expenses, accrued liabilities related to improvements in our leased facilities, accrued employee compensation and short-term borrowings. We traditionally have made payments for employee bonus awards and year-end distributions to partners in the first quarter of the year with respect to the prior year's results. In addition, payments in respect of deferred cash compensation arrangements and related investments are also made in the first quarter. From time to time, advances and/or commitments may also be granted to new employees at or near the date they begin employment, or to existing employees for the purpose of incentive or retention. Cash distributions related to partnership tax allocations are made to the partners of Evercore LP and certain other entities in accordance with our corporate estimated payment calendar; these payments are generally made quarterly. In addition, dividends on Class A Shares, and related distributions to partners of Evercore LP, are paid when and if declared by the Board of Directors, which is generally quarterly. 
 We regularly monitor our liquidity position, including cash, other significant working capital, current assets and liabilities, long-term liabilities, lease commitments and related fixed assets, principal investment commitments related to our Investment Management business, dividends on Class A Shares, partnership distributions and other capital transactions, as well as other matters relating to liquidity and compliance with capital requirements and restrictions of our regulated legal entities. Our liquidity is highly dependent on our revenue stream from our operations, principally from our Investment Banking Equities segment, which is primarily a function of closing transactions and earning success fees, the timing and realization of which is irregular and dependent upon factors that are not subject to our control. Our revenue stream funds the payment of our expenses, including annual bonus payments, a portion of which are guaranteed, deferred compensation arrangements, interest expense on our repurchase agreements (prior to the sale of our ECB business), Notes Payable, lines of credit and other financing arrangements, as well as payments for income taxes. Payments made for income taxes may be reduced by deductions taken for the increase in tax basis of our investment in Evercore LP. Certain of these tax deductions, when realized, require payment under our long-term liability, Amounts Due Pursuant to Tax Receivable Agreements. We intend to fund these payments from cash and cash equivalents on hand, principally derived from cash flows from operations. These tax deductions, when realized, will result in cash otherwise required to satisfy tax obligations becoming available for other purposes. Our Management Committee meets regularly to monitor our liquidity and cash positions against our short and long-term obligations, as well as our capital requirements and commitments, including deferred compensation arrangements. The result of this review contributes to management's recommendation to the Board of Directors as to the level of quarterly dividend payments, if any. 
 
 As a financial services firm, our businesses are materially affected by conditions in the global financial markets and economic conditions throughout the world. Revenue generated by our advisory activities is related to the number and value of the transactions in which we are involved. In addition, revenue related to our equities business is driven by market volumes and institutional investor trends, such as the trend to passive investment strategies. During periods of unfavorable market or economic conditions - which may result from the current or anticipated impact of inflation, changes in the level of interest rates, changes in the availability of financing, supply chain disruptions, an evolving regulatory environment, climate change, extreme weather events or natural disasters, the emergence or continuation of widespread health emergencies or pandemics, cyberattacks 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 or campaigns, military conflict, including escalating military tension between Russia and Ukraine, terrorism or other geopolitical events - the number and value of M A transactions, as well as market volumes in equities, generally decrease, and they generally increase during periods of favorable market or economic conditions. Restructuring activity generally is counter-cyclical to M A activity. In addition, during periods of unfavorable market conditions our Investment Management business may be impacted by reduced equity valuations and generate relatively lower revenue because fees we receive, either directly or through our affiliates, typically are in part based on the market value of underlying publicly-traded securities. Our profitability may also be adversely affected by our fixed costs and the possibility that we would be unable to scale back other costs within a time frame and in an amount sufficient to match any decreases in revenue relating to changes in market and economic conditions. Likewise, our liquidity may be adversely impacted by our contractual obligations, including lease obligations. Reduced equity valuations resulting from future adverse economic events and/or market conditions may impact our performance and may result in future net redemptions of AUM from our clients, which would generally result in lower revenues and cash flows. These adverse conditions could also have an impact on our goodwill impairment assessment, which is done annually, as of November 30th, or more frequently if circumstances indicate impairment may have occurred. 
 
 We are currently in a period of macroeconomic uncertainty and market volatility, including historically high inflation, supply chain constraints, rising interest rates, changes in the availability of financing, geopolitical tensions, an evolving regulatory environment and the risk of a recession. These factors have led to a slowing of the pace of M A and other advisory transaction announcements and the elongation of the timing of transaction closings, as well as suppressing the level of underwriting activity. We will continue to assess the potential ongoing impacts of the current environment, including the regular monitoring of our cash levels, liquidity, regulatory capital requirements, debt covenants and our other contractual obligations. See "Results of Operations" above for further information. 
 We assess our equity method investments for impairment annually, or more frequently if circumstances indicate impairment may have occurred. These circumstances could include unfavorable market conditions or the loss of key personnel of the investee. 
 For a further discussion of risks related to our business, refer to Item 1A. "Risk Factors" in this Form 10-K. 
 Treasury Purchases 
 We periodically repurchase Class A Shares and/or LP Units into Treasury (including through the net settlement of equity awards) in order to offset the dilutive effect of equity awards granted as compensation (see Note 18 to our consolidated financial statements for further information), or amounts in excess of that if management's review, discussed above, determines adequate cash is available. The amount of cash required for these share repurchases is a function of the mix of equity and deferred cash compensation awarded for the annual bonus awards (see further discussion on deferred compensation under Other Commitments below). In addition, we may from time to time, purchase noncontrolling interests in subsidiaries. 
 On April 27, 2021, our Board of Directors authorized (in addition to the net settlement of equity awards) the repurchase of Class A Shares and/or LP Units so that from that date forward, we were able to repurchase an aggregate of the lesser of 750.0 million worth of Class A Shares and/or LP Units and 8.5 million Class A Shares and/or LP Units. In addition, on February 22, 2022, our Board of Directors authorized (in addition to the net settlement of equity awards) the repurchase of Class A Shares and/or LP Units so that from that date forward, we are able to repurchase an aggregate of the lesser of 1.4 billion worth of Class A Shares and/or LP Units and 10.0 million Class A Shares and/or LP Units. Under this share repurchase program, shares may be repurchased from time to time in open market transactions, in privately-negotiated transactions or otherwise. The timing and the actual amount of shares repurchased will depend on a variety of factors, including our liquidity position, legal requirements, price, economic and market conditions and the objective to reduce the dilutive effect of equity awards granted as compensation to employees. This program may be suspended or discontinued at any time and does not have a specified expiration date. During 2022, we repurchased 3,427,495 Class A Shares, at an average cost per share of 114.39, for 392.1 million, pursuant to our repurchase program. 
 In addition, we periodically buy shares into treasury from our employees in order to allow them to satisfy their minimum tax requirements for share deliveries under our share equity plan. During 2022, we repurchased 1,010,760 Class A Shares, at an average cost per share of 127.02, for 128.4 million, primarily related to minimum tax withholding requirements of share deliveries. 
 The aggregate 4,438,255 Class A Shares repurchased during 2022 were acquired for aggregate purchase consideration of 520.5 million, at an average cost per share of 117.27. 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 Noncontrolling Interest Purchases 
 During 2022, we purchased, at fair value, an additional 0.9 of the EWM Class A Units for 3.2 million. This purchase resulted in a decrease to Noncontrolling Interest of 0.2 million and a decrease to Additional-Paid-In-Capital of 3.0 million on our Consolidated Statement of Financial Condition as of December 31, 2022. 
 On December 31, 2021, we purchased, at fair value, all of the outstanding Class R Interests of Private Capital Advisory L.P. from employees of the RECA business for 54.3 million. Our consideration for this transaction included the payment of 6.0 million of cash in 2021, 27.7 million of cash in 2022, and contingent cash consideration which will be settled in early 2024. The fair value of the remaining contingent consideration is 6.1 million and 20.6 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, 1.1 million of which is included within Other Current Liabilities on our Consolidated Statement of Financial Condition as of December 31, 2022 and the remainder of which is included within Other Long-term Liabilities on our Consolidated Statement of Financial Condition as of December 31, 2022. The decline in the fair value of the contingent consideration in 2022 reduced Other Operating Expenses by 14.5 million on the Consolidated Statement of Operations. The amount of contingent consideration to be paid is dependent on the RECA business achieving certain revenue performance targets. The fair value of the contingent consideration reflects the present value of the expected payment due based on the current expectation for the business meeting the revenue performance targets. In conjunction with this transaction, we will also issue two separate payments in early 2023 and 2024, contingent on continued employment, and accordingly, will be treated as compensation expense for accounting purposes in the periods earned. These payments will also be dependent on the RECA business achieving certain revenue performance targets. 
 2016 Private Placement Notes 
 On March 30, 2016, we issued an aggregate 170.0 million of senior notes, including: 38.0 million aggregate principal amount of our 4.88 Series A senior notes which were due March 30, 2021 (the "Series A Notes"), 67.0 million aggregate principal amount of our Series B Notes which were originally due March 30, 2023, 48.0 million aggregate principal amount of our 5.48 Series C senior notes due March 30, 2026 (the "Series C Notes") and 17.0 million aggregate principal amount of our 5.58 Series D senior notes due March 30, 2028 (the "Series D Notes" and together with the Series A Notes, the Series B Notes and the Series C Notes, the "2016 Private Placement Notes"), pursuant to the 2016 Note Purchase Agreement dated as of March 30, 2016 (the "2016 Note Purchase Agreement"), among the Company and the purchasers party thereto in a private placement exempt from registration under the Securities Act of 1933. 
 Interest on the 2016 Private Placement Notes is payable semi-annually and the 2016 Private Placement Notes are guaranteed by certain of our domestic subsidiaries. We may, at our option, prepay all, or from time to time any part of, the 2016 Private Placement Notes (without regard to Series), in an amount not less than 5 of the aggregate principal amount of the 2016 Private Placement Notes then outstanding at 100 of the principal amount thereof plus an applicable "make-whole amount." Upon the occurrence of a change of control, the holders of the 2016 Private Placement Notes will have the right to require us to prepay the entire unpaid principal amounts held by each holder of the 2016 Private Placement Notes plus accrued and unpaid interest to the prepayment date. The 2016 Note Purchase Agreement contains customary covenants, including financial covenants requiring compliance with a maximum leverage ratio, a minimum tangible net worth and a minimum interest coverage ratio, and customary events of default. As of December 31, 2022, we were in compliance with all of these covenants. 
 In March 2021, we repaid the 38.0 million aggregate principal amount of our Series A Notes. On June 28, 2022, we prepaid the 67.0 million aggregate principal amount of our Series B Notes plus the applicable make-whole amount. In conjunction with the June 2022 prepayment and the acceleration of the remaining debt issuance costs, we recorded a loss of 0.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, included within Special Charges, Including Business Realignment Costs, on our Consolidated Statement of Operations. 
 2019 Private Placement Notes 
 On August 1, 2019, we issued 175.0 million and 25.0 million of senior unsecured notes through private placement. These notes reflect a weighted average life of 12 years and a weighted average stated interest rate of 4.26 . These notes include: 75.0 million aggregate principal amount of our 4.34 Series E senior notes due August 1, 2029 (the "Series E Notes"), 60.0 million aggregate principal amount of our 4.44 Series F senior notes due August 1, 2031 (the "Series F Notes"), 40.0 million aggregate principal amount of our 4.54 Series G senior notes due August 1, 2033 (the "Series G Notes") and 25.0 million aggregate principal amount of our 3.33 Series H senior notes due August 1, 2033 (the "Series H Notes" and together with the Series E Notes, the Series F Notes and the Series G Notes, the "2019 Private Placement Notes"), 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 each of which were issued pursuant to the 2019 Note Purchase Agreement dated as of August 1, 2019 (the "2019 Note Purchase Agreement"), among the Company and the purchasers party thereto in a private placement exempt from registration under the Securities Act of 1933. 
 Interest on the 2019 Private Placement Notes is payable semi-annually and the 2019 Private Placement Notes are guaranteed by certain of our domestic subsidiaries. We may, at our option, prepay all, or from time to time any part of, the 2019 Private Placement Notes (without regard to Series), in an amount not less than 5 of the aggregate principal amount of the 2019 Private Placement Notes then outstanding at 100 of the principal amount thereof plus an applicable "make-whole amount." Upon the occurrence of a change of control, the holders of the 2019 Private Placement Notes will have the right to require us to prepay the entire unpaid principal amounts held by each holder of the 2019 Private Placement Notes plus accrued and unpaid interest to the prepayment date. The 2019 Note Purchase Agreement contains customary covenants, including financial covenants requiring compliance with a maximum leverage ratio and a minimum tangible net worth, and customary events of default. As of December 31, 2022, we were in compliance with all of these covenants. 
 2021 Private Placement Notes 
 On March 29, 2021, we issued 38.0 million aggregate principal amount of our 1.97 Series I senior notes due August 1, 2025 (the "Series I Notes" or the "2021 Private Placement Notes"), pursuant to a note purchase agreement (the "2021 Note Purchase Agreement") dated as of March 29, 2021, among the Company and the purchasers party thereto in a private placement exempt from registration under the Securities Act of 1933. 
 Interest on the 2021 Private Placement Notes is payable semi-annually and the 2021 Private Placement Notes are guaranteed by certain of our domestic subsidiaries. We may, at our option, prepay all, or from time to time any part of, the 2021 Private Placement Notes, in an amount not less than 5 of the aggregate principal amount of the 2021 Private Placement Notes then outstanding at 100 of the principal amount thereof plus an applicable "make-whole amount." Upon the occurrence of a change of control, the holders of the 2021 Private Placement Notes will have the right to require us to prepay the entire unpaid principal amounts held by each holder of the 2021 Private Placement Notes plus accrued and unpaid interest to the prepayment da te. The 2021 Note Purchase Agreement contains customary covenants, including financial covenants requiring compliance with a maximum leverage ratio and a minimum tangible net worth, and customary events of default. As of December 31, 2022, we were in compliance with all of these covenants. 
 2022 Private Placement Notes 
 On June 28, 2022, we issued 67.0 million aggregate principal amount of our 4.61 Series J senior notes due November 15, 2028 (the "Series J Notes" or the "2022 Private Placement Notes"), pursuant to a note purchase agreement (the "2022 Note Purchase Agreement") dated as of June 28, 2022, among the Company and the purchasers party thereto in a private placement exempt from registration under the Securities Act of 1933. 
 Interest on the 2022 Private Placement Notes is payable semi-annually and the 2022 Private Placement Notes are guaranteed by certain of our domestic subsidiaries. We may, at our option, prepay all, or from time to time any part of, the 2022 Private Placement Notes, in an amount not less than 5 of the aggregate principal amount of the 2022 Private Placement Notes then outstanding at 100 of the principal amount thereof plus an applicable "make-whole amount." Upon the occurrence of a change of control, the holders of the 2022 Private Placement Notes will have the right to require us to prepay the entire unpaid principal amounts held by each holder of the 2022 Private Placement Notes plus accrued and unpaid interest to the prepayment date. The 2022 Note Purchase Agreement contains customary covenants, including financial covenants requiring compliance with a maximum leverage ratio and a minimum tangible net worth, and customary events of default. As of December 31, 2022, we were in compliance with all of these covenants. 
 Lines of Credit 
 Evercore Partners Services East L.L.C. ("East") entered into a loan agreement with PNC Bank, National Association ("PNC") for a revolving credit facility in an aggregate principal amount, as amended on October 29, 2021, (the "Existing PNC Facility"), of up to 30.0 million, to be used for working capital and other corporate activities. This facility is secured by East's accounts receivable and the proceeds therefrom, as well as certain assets of EGL, including certain of EGL's accounts receivable. In addition, the agreement contains certain reporting covenants, as well as certain debt covenants that prohibit East and us from incurring other indebtedness, subject to specified exceptions. We and our consolidated subsidiaries were in compliance with these covenants as of December 31, 2022. The interest rate provisions are LIBOR (or an applicable benchmark 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 replacement) plus 150 basis points and the maturity date is October 28, 2023. There were no drawings under this facility at December 31, 2022. 
 East entered into an additional loan agreement with PNC for a revolving credit facility in an aggregate principal amount, as amended on October 29, 2021, of up to 55.0 million, to be used for working capital and other corporate activities. This facility is unsecured. In addition, the agreement contains certain reporting requirements and debt covenants consistent with the Existing PNC Facility. We and our consolidated subsidiaries were in compliance with these covenants as of December 31, 2022. Drawings under this facility bear interest at LIBOR (or an applicable benchmark replacement) plus 180 basis points and the maturity date is October 28, 2023. East is only permitted to borrow under this facility if there is no undrawn availability under the Existing PNC Facility and must repay indebtedness under this facility prior to repaying indebtedness under the Existing PNC Facility. There were no drawings under this facility at December 31, 2022. 
 EGL entered into a subordinated revolving credit facility with PNC in an aggregate principal amount, as amended on October 31, 2022, of up to 75.0 million, to be used as needed in support of capital requirements from time to time of EGL. This facility is unsecured and is guaranteed by Evercore LP and other affiliates, pursuant to a guaranty agreement, which provides for certain reporting requirements and debt covenants consistent with the Existing PNC Facility. The interest rate provisions are Daily SOFR plus 191 basis points and the maturity date is October 27, 2024. There were no drawings under this facility at December 31, 2022. 
 In addition, EGL's clearing broker provides temporary funding for the settlement of securities transactions. 
 Other Commitments 
 We have long-term obligations for operating lease commitments, principally related to office space, which expire on various dates through 2035. See Note 9 to our consolidated financial statements for anticipated current and future payments under these arrangements. 
 We have a long-term liability, Amounts Due Pursuant to Tax Receivable Agreements, which requires payments to certain current and former Senior Managing Directors. See Note 19 to our consolidated financial statements. 
 Pursuant to deferred compensation and deferred consideration arrangements, we expect to make cash payments in future periods, including related to our Long-term Incentive Plans, Deferred Cash Compensation Program and other deferred compensation arrangements. Further, we make investments to hedge the economic risk of the return on deferred compensation. For further information, including timing of payments, see Notes 8 and 18 to our consolidated financial statements. 
 Certain of our subsidiaries are regulated entities and are subject to capital requirements. For further information see Note 20 to our consolidated financial statements. 
 We have a commitment for contingent consideration related to the purchase of the outstanding Class R Interests of Private Capital Advisory L.P. from employees of the RECA business in 2021. For further information see " Noncontrolling Interest Purchases" above and Notes 16 and 19 to our consolidated financial statements. 
 We had total commitments (not reflected on our Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition) relating to future capital contributions to private equity funds of 2.4 million and 6.1 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. We expect to fund these commitments with cash flows from operations. We may be required to fund these commitments at any time through June 2028, depending on the timing and level of investments by our private equity funds. See Note 19 to our consolidated financial statements for further information. 
 We do not invest in any off-balance sheet vehicles that provide liquidity, capital resources, market or credit risk support, or engage in any leasing activities that expose us to any liability that is not reflected in our consolidated financial statements. 
 As of December 31, 2022, our current and former Senior Managing Directors owned an aggregate of approximately 1.7 million vested Class A LP Units, 0.4 million vested Class E LP Units, 0.4 million vested Class I LP Units and 0.1 million vested Class K LP Units. In addition, 0.8 million unvested Class K-P Units, which convert into a number of Class K LP Units based on the achievement of certain market and service conditions and defined benchmark results, were outstanding as of December 31, 2022. We have an obligation to exchange vested Class A, E, I and K LP Units to Class A Common Stock upon the request of the holder. See Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements for further information. 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 Our Consolidated Statement of Financial Condition as of December 31, 2022 included 663.4 million of Cash and Cash Equivalents and 1.4 billion of Investment Securities and Certificates of Deposit, which are generally comprised of highly-liquid investments. For further information regarding other cash commitments and the timing of payments, refer to "General" above. 
 Market Risk and Credit Risk 
 We, in general, are not a capital-intensive organization and as such, are not subject to significant market or credit risks. Nevertheless, we have established procedures to assess both the market and credit risk, as well as specific investment risk, exchange rate risk and credit risk related to receivables. 
 Market and Investment Risk 
 We hold equity securities and invest in exchange-traded funds principally as an economic hedge against our deferred compensation program. As of December 31, 2022, the fair value of our investments with these products, based on closing prices, was 137.1 million. We had net realized and unrealized losses of 29.8) million for the year ended December 31, 2022, from our exchange-traded funds portfolio. See Note 8 to our consolidated financial statements for further information. 
 We estimate that a hypothetical 10 , 20 and 30 adverse change in the market value of the investments would have resulted in a decrease in pre-tax income of approximately 13.7 million, 27.4 million and 41.1 million, respectively, for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 In February 2020, we entered into four-month futures contracts on a stock index fund with a notional amount of 38.9 million as an economic hedge against our deferred cash compensation program. These contracts settled in June 2020. In accordance with ASC 815, "Derivatives and Hedging" ("ASC 815"), these contracts were carried at fair value, with changes in fair value recorded in Other Revenue, Including Interest and Investments, on the Consolidated Statement of Operations. We had realized losses of 4.0) million for the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 Private Equity Funds 
 Through our principal investments in private equity funds and our ability to earn carried interest from these funds, we face exposure to changes in the estimated fair value of the companies in which these funds invest. Valuations and analysis regarding our investments in Trilantic and Glisco are performed by their respective professionals, and thus we are not involved in determining the fair value for the portfolio companies of such funds. See Note 10 to our consolidated financial statements for further information. 
 We estimate that a hypothetical 10 adverse change in the value of the private equity funds would have resulted in a decrease in pre-tax income of approximately 0.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Exchange Rate Risk 
 We have foreign operations, through our subsidiaries and affiliates, primarily in Europe and Asia, as well as provide services to clients in other jurisdictions, which creates foreign exchange rate risk. We have not entered into any transactions to hedge our exposure to foreign exchange fluctuations in these subsidiaries through the use of derivative instruments or otherwise. An appreciation or depreciation of any of these currencies relative to the U.S. dollar would result in an adverse or beneficial impact to our financial results. A significant portion of our non-U.S. revenues and expenses have been, and will continue to be, derived from contracts denominated in foreign currencies (i.e. British Pounds sterling, Euros, Singapore dollars, among others). Historically, the value of these foreign currencies has fluctuated relative to the U.S. dollar. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the net impact of the fluctuation of foreign currencies recorded in Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) within the Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income was a loss of 20.9) million, net of tax. It is generally not our intention to hedge our foreign currency exposure in these subsidiaries, and we will reevaluate this policy from time to time. 
 Credit Risks 
 We maintain cash and cash equivalents, as well as certificates of deposit, with financial institutions with high credit ratings. At times, we may maintain deposits in federally insured financial institutions in excess of federally insured ("FDIC") limits or enter into sweep arrangements where banks will periodically transfer a portion of our excess cash position to a money market fund. However, we believe that we are not exposed to significant credit risk due to the financial position of the depository institutions or investment vehicles in which those deposits are held. 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 Accounts Receivable consists primarily of advisory fees and expense reimbursements billed to our clients. Other Assets includes long-term receivables from fees related to private funds capital raising and certain fees related to the private capital businesses. Receivables are reported net of any allowance for credit losses. We maintain an allowance for credit losses to provide coverage for probable losses from our customer receivables and determine the adequacy of the allowance by estimating the probability of loss based on our analysis of historical credit loss experience of our client receivables, and taking into consideration current market conditions and reasonable and supportable forecasts that affect the collectability of the reported amount. Our receivables collection periods generally are within 90 days of invoice, with the exception of placement fees, which are generally collected within 180 days of invoice, and fees related to private funds capital raising and certain fees related to the private capital businesses, which are collected in a period exceeding one year. The collection period for restructuring transaction receivables may exceed 90 days. We recorded bad debt expense of approximately 5.5 million and 6.9 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2020, respectively, and reversed bad debt expense of approximately 0.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, total receivables recorded in Accounts Receivable amounted to 385.1 million and 351.7 million, respectively, net of an allowance for credit losses, and total receivables recorded in Other Assets amounted to 64.1 million and 87.8 million, respectively. 
 Other Current Assets and Other Assets include arrangements in which an estimate of variable consideration has been included in the transaction price and thereby recognized as revenue that precedes the contractual due date (contract assets). As of December 31, 2022, total contract assets recorded in Other Current Assets and Other Assets amounted to 110.5 million and 8.0 million, respectively. As of December 31, 2021, total contract assets recorded in Other Current Assets and Other Assets amounted to 14.1 million and 12.9 million, respectively. 
 With respect to our Investment Securities portfolio, which is comprised primarily of treasury bills and notes, exchange-traded funds and securities investments, we manage our credit risk exposure by limiting concentration risk and maintaining investment grade credit quality. As of December 31, 2022, we had Investment Securities of 1.3 billion, of which 90 were treasury bills and notes. 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 The consolidated financial statements included in this report are prepared in conformity with U.S. GAAP, which requires management to make estimates and assumptions regarding future events that affect the amounts reported in our consolidated financial statements and their notes, including reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. We base these estimates on historical experience and various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results could differ materially from those estimates. We believe that the following discussion addresses our most critical accounting policies, which are those that are most important to the presentation of our financial condition and results of operations and require management's most difficult, subjective and complex judgments. 
 Revenue Recognition 
 We account for revenue recognition under ASC 606, "Revenue from Contracts with Customers," which provides a five step model to revenue recognition as follows: 
 Step 1: Identify the contract(s) with a customer 
 Step 2: Identify the performance obligations in the contract 
 Step 3: Determine the transaction price 
 Step 4: Allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract 
 Step 5: Recognize revenue when (or as) the entity satisfies a performance obligation 
 We apply this model to revenue streams from our Investment Banking Equities and Investment Management segments. 
 Investment Banking Equities Revenue 
 We earn fees from clients for providing advisory services on strategic matters, including mergers, acquisitions, divestitures, leveraged buyouts, restructurings, activism and defense and similar corporate finance matters. Our Investment Banking Equities segment also includes services related to securities underwriting, private placement services and commissions for agency-based equity trading services and equity research. Revenue is recognized as we satisfy performance obligations, upon transfer of control of promised services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration we expect to 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 receive in exchange for these services. Our contracts with customers may include promises to transfer multiple services to a customer. Determining whether services are considered distinct performance obligations that should be accounted for separately versus together may require significant judgment. For performance obligations satisfied over time, determining a measure of progress requires us to make significant judgments that affect the timing of revenue recognized. For certain advisory services, we have concluded that performance obligations are satisfied over time. This is based on the premise that we transfer control of services and the client simultaneously receives benefits from these services over the course of an engagement. For performance obligations satisfied at a point in time, determining when control transfers requires us to make significant judgments that affect the timing of when revenue is recognized. 
 In general, advisory fees are paid at the time we sign an engagement letter, during the course of the engagement or when an engagement is completed. In some circumstances, and as a function of the terms of an engagement letter, we may receive fixed retainer fees for financial advisory services concurrent with, or soon after, the execution of the engagement letter or over the course of the engagement, where the engagement letter will specify a future service period associated with those fees. We may also receive announcement fees upon announcement of a transaction in addition to success fees upon closing of a transaction or another defined outcome, both of which represent variable consideration. This variable consideration will be included in the transaction price, as defined, and recognized as revenue to the extent that it is probable that a significant reversal of revenue will not occur. When assessing probability, we apply careful analysis and judgment to the remaining factors necessary for completion of a transaction, including factors outside of our control. A transaction can fail to be completed for many reasons which are outside of our control, including failure of parties to agree upon final terms, to secure necessary board or shareholder approvals, to secure necessary financing, to achieve necessary regulatory approvals, or due to adverse market conditions. In the case of bankruptcy engagements, fees may be subject to approval of the court. 
 With respect to retainer, announcement and success fees, there are no distinct performance obligations aside from advisory activities, which are generally focused on achieving a milestone (typically, the announcement and/or the closing of a transaction). These advisory services are provided over time throughout the contract period. We recognize revenue when distinct services are performed and when it is probable that a reversal of revenue will not occur, which is generally upon the announcement or closing of a transaction. Accordingly, in any given period, advisory fees recognized for certain transactions may relate to services performed in prior periods. In circumstances in which retainer fees are received in advance of services, these fees are initially recorded as deferred revenue (a contract liability), which is recorded in Other Current Liabilities on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition, and subsequently recognized in Advisory Fees on the Consolidated Statements of Operations during the applicable time period within which the service is rendered. Announcement fees for advisory services are recognized upon announcement (the point at which it is determined that the reversal of revenue is not probable) and all other requirements for revenue recognition are satisfied. A portion of the announcement fee may be deferred based on the services remaining to be completed, if any. Success fees for advisory services, such as merger and acquisition advice, are recognized when it is determined that the reversal of revenue is not probable and all other requirements for revenue recognition are satisfied, which is generally at closing of the transaction. 
 With respect to fairness or valuation opinions, fees are fixed and there is a distinct performance obligation, since the opinion is rendered separate from any other advisory activities. Revenues related to fairness or valuation opinions are recognized at the point in time when the opinion has been rendered and delivered to the client. In the event we were to receive an opinion or success fee in advance of the completion conditions noted above, such fee would initially be recorded as deferred revenue (a contract liability) in Other Current Liabilities on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition and subsequently recognized in Advisory Fees on the Consolidated Statements of Operations when the conditions of completion have been satisfied. 
 Placement fee revenues are attributable to capital raising on both corporations and financial sponsors. We recognize placement fees in accordance with the terms of the engagement letter, which are generally contingent on the achievement of a capital commitment by an investor, at the time of the client's acceptance of capital or capital commitments. 
 Underwriting fees are attributable to public and private offerings of equity and debt securities and are recognized at the point in time when the offering has been deemed to be completed by the lead manager of the underwriting group, or in the case of certain ongoing issuances when the sale of the securities has settled. When the offering is completed, the performance obligation has been satisfied and we recognize the applicable management fee, selling concession, sales agent commission or placement agent fee. Offering expenses are presented gross in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. We also manage assignments involving the exchange of an issuer's securities where fees are recognized when earned. 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 Commissions and Related Revenue include commissions received from customers for the execution of agency-based brokerage transactions in listed and over-the-counter equities. The execution of each trade order represents a distinct performance obligation and the transaction price at the point in time of trade order execution is fixed. Trade execution is satisfied at the point in time that the customer has control of the asset and as such, fees are recorded on a trade date basis or, in the case of payments under commission sharing arrangements, when earned. We also earn subscription fees for the sales of research, as well as revenues from principal transactions primarily executed on a riskless principal basis. The delivery of research under subscription arrangements represents a distinct performance obligation that is satisfied over time. The fees are fixed and are recognized over the period in which the performance obligation is satisfied. Cash received before the subscription period ends is initially recorded as deferred revenue (a contract liability) in Other Current Liabilities on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition, and is recognized in Commissions and Related Revenue on the Consolidated Statements of Operations ratably over the period in which the related services are rendered. 
 Taxes collected from customers and remitted to governmental authorities are presented on a net basis on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 Investment Management Revenue 
 Our Investment Management segment generates revenues from the management of client assets and through interests in private equity funds which we do not manage. Our contracts with customers may include promises to transfer multiple services to a customer. Determining whether services are considered distinct performance obligations that should be accounted for separately versus together may require significant judgment. For performance obligations satisfied over time, determining a measure of progress requires us to make significant judgments that affect the timing of revenue recognized. 
 Asset management fees for third-party clients are generally based on the value of the assets under management and any performance fees that may be negotiated with the client. The management of asset portfolios represents a distinct performance obligation that is satisfied over time. These fees are generally recognized over the period that the related services are provided and in which the performance obligation is satisfied, based upon the beginning, ending or average value of the assets for the relevant period. Fees paid in advance of services rendered are initially recorded as deferred revenue (a contract liability), which is recorded in Other Current Liabilities on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition, and are recognized in Asset Management and Administration Fees on the Consolidated Statements of Operations ratably over the period in which the related service is rendered. Generally, to the extent performance fee arrangements have been negotiated, these fees are earned when the likelihood of clawback is mathematically improbable. 
 Fees generated for serving as an independent fiduciary and/or trustee are either based on a flat fee, are pre-negotiated with the client or are based on the value of assets under administration. The management of assets under administration represents a distinct performance obligation that is satisfied over time. For ongoing engagements, fees are billed monthly or quarterly either in advance or in arrears. Fees paid in advance of services rendered and satisfaction of the performance obligation are initially recorded as deferred revenue (a contract liability) in Other Current Liabilities on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition, and are recognized in Asset Management and Administration Fees on the Consolidated Statements of Operations ratably over the period in which the related services are rendered and the performance obligation is satisfied. 
 Accounts Receivable and Contract Assets 
 Accounts Receivable consists primarily of investment banking fees and expense reimbursements charged to our clients. We record accounts receivable, net of any allowance for credit losses, when relevant revenue recognition criteria has been achieved and payment is conditioned on the passage of time. We maintain an allowance for credit losses to provide coverage for estimated losses from our client receivables. We adopted Accounting Standards Update ("ASU") No. 2016-13 "Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments" ("ASU 2016-13") on January 1, 2020, using a modified retrospective method of transition. We recorded a cumulative-effect adjustment to decrease retained earnings by 1.3 million as of January 1, 2020. Following the adoption of ASU 2016-13, we determine the adequacy of the allowance by estimating the probability of loss based on our analysis of historical credit loss experience of our client receivables, and taking into consideration current market conditions and reasonable and supportable forecasts that affect the collectability of the reported amount. We have determined that long-term forecasted information is not relevant to our fee receivables, which are primarily short-term. We update our average credit loss rates periodically and maintain a quarterly allowance review process to consider current factors that would require an adjustment to the credit loss allowance. In addition, we periodically perform a qualitative assessment to monitor risks associated with current and forecasted conditions that may require an adjustment to the expected credit loss rates. Expected credit losses for newly recognized financial assets and changes to expected credit losses during the period are recognized in earnings. 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 Our receivables collection periods generally are within 90 days of invoice, with the exception of placement fees, which are generally collected within 180 days of invoice, and fees related to private funds capital raising and certain fees related to the private capital businesses, which are collected in a period exceeding one year. The collection period for restructuring transaction receivables may exceed 90 days. Receivables that are collected in a period exceeding one year are reflected in Other Assets on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. 
 We record contract assets within Other Current Assets and Other Assets on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition when payment is due from a client conditioned on future performance or the occurrence of other events. We also recognize a contract asset for the incremental costs of obtaining a contract with a customer if the benefit of those costs is expected to be longer than one year. We apply a practical expedient to expense costs to obtain a contract as incurred when the amortization period is one year or less. 
 Valuation 
 The valuation of our investments in securities and of our investments in private equity funds which we do not manage impacts both the carrying value of direct investments and the determination of management and performance fees, including carried interest. Per ASC 820, we disclose information about financial instruments carried at fair value, including their classification in the fair value hierarchy. Level 1 investments include U.S. Treasury Securities, readily-marketable equity securities and investment funds. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had no Level 2 or 3 investments carried at fair value. See Note 11 to our consolidated financial statements for further information. 
 ASC 825, " Financial Instruments" permits entities the option to measure most financial instruments and certain other items at fair value at specified election dates and to report related unrealized gains and losses in earnings. We have not elected to apply the fair value option to any specific financial assets or liabilities. 
 Investment Securities and Futures Contracts 
 Investment Securities may include investments in U.S. treasury securities, other debt securities and investments in readily-marketable equity securities, including our portfolio of exchange-traded funds, which are accounted for under ASC 320-10, " Investments - Debt Securities" and ASC 321-10, "Investments - Equity Securities." These securities are carried at fair value on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition; debt securities are valued based on quoted prices that exist in the marketplace for similar issues and equity securities are valued using quoted market prices on applicable exchanges or markets. Investment Securities transactions are recorded as of the trade date. We also periodically enter into futures contracts as an economic hedge against our deferred cash compensation program. In accordance with ASC 815, futures contracts are carried at fair value. 
 Debt securities are classified as available-for-sale and any unrealized gains and losses are recorded as net increases or decreases to Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), net of tax, and realized gains and losses on these securities are included in Other Revenue, Including Interest and Investments, on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. Realized and unrealized gains and losses on equity securities are recorded in Other Revenue, Including Interest and Investments, on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. Realized and unrealized gains and losses on futures contracts are recorded in Other Revenue, Including Interest and Investments, on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. EGL also invests in fixed income portfolios consisting primarily of U.S. treasury securities, which are carried at fair value, with changes in fair value recorded in Other Revenue, Including Interest and Investments, on the Consolidated Statements of Operations, as required for broker-dealers in securities. 
 Equity and Other Deferred Compensation 
 We grant certain employees performance-based awards that vest upon the occurrence of performance criteria being achieved. Compensation cost is accrued if, and to the extent, it is probable that the performance condition will be achieved and is not accrued if it is not probable that the performance condition will be achieved. Significant judgment is required in determining the probability that the performance criteria will be achieved. The fair value of these awards is amortized over the vesting period or requisite substantive service period. See Note 18 to our consolidated financial statements for further information. 
 Income Taxes 
 As part of the process of preparing our consolidated financial statements, we are required to estimate income taxes in each of the jurisdictions in which we operate. Significant management judgment is required in determining our provision for income 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 taxes, our deferred tax assets and liabilities and any valuation allowance recorded against our net deferred tax assets. This process requires us to estimate our actual current tax liability and to assess temporary differences resulting from differing book versus tax treatment of items, such as deferred revenue, compensation and benefits expense, unrealized gains and losses on long-term investments and depreciation. These temporary differences result in deferred tax assets and liabilities, which are included within our Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. We must then assess the likelihood that deferred tax assets will be recovered from future taxable income, and, to the extent we believe that recovery is not more-likely-than-not, we must establish a valuation allowance. The ultimate realization of the deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during the periods in which temporary differences become deductible. Management considers the level of historical taxable income, scheduled reversals of deferred taxes, projected future taxable income and tax planning strategies that can be implemented by us in making this assessment. If actual results differ from these estimates or we adjust these estimates in future periods, we may need to adjust our valuation allowance, which could materially impact our consolidated financial condition and results of operations. 
 The tax deduction associated with the appreciation or depreciation in our share price upon vesting of employee share-based awards above or below the original grant price is reflected in income tax expense. 
 In addition, in order to determine the quarterly tax rate, we are required to estimate full year pre-tax income and the related annual income tax expense in each jurisdiction. Changes in the geographic mix or estimated level of annual pre-tax income can affect our overall effective tax rate. Furthermore, our interpretation of complex tax laws may impact our measurement of current and deferred income taxes. 
 ASC 740 provides a benefit recognition model with a two-step approach consisting of "more-likely-than-not" recognition criteria, and a measurement attribute that measures the position as the largest amount of tax benefit that is greater than 50 likely of being realized upon ultimate settlement. This standard also requires the recognition of liabilities created by differences between tax positions taken in a tax return and amounts recognized in the financial statements. 
 The majority of the deferred tax assets relate to the U.S. operations of the Company. The realization of the deferred tax assets is primarily dependent on the amount of the Company's historic and projected future taxable income for its U.S. and foreign operations. In 2022 and 2021, we performed an assessment of the ultimate realization of our deferred tax assets and determined that the Company should have sufficient future taxable income in the normal course of business to fully realize the portion of the deferred tax assets associated with its U.S. operations and management has concluded that it is more-likely-than-not the deferred tax assets will be realized. We also concluded that the net deferred tax assets of certain foreign subsidiaries required a valuation allowance. We intend to maintain a valuation allowance until sufficient positive evidence exists to support its reversal. 
 The Company estimates that Evercore Inc. must generate approximately 1.3 billion of future taxable income to realize the gross deferred tax asset balance, including the valuation allowance, of 328 million. The deferred tax balance is expected to reverse primarily over a period ranging from 5 to 15 taxable years. The Company evaluated Evercore Inc.'s historical U.S. taxable income, which has averaged approximately 423 million per year over the past 7 years, as well as the anticipated taxable income of approximately 668 million in 2022, and taxable income in the future, which indicates sufficient taxable income to support the realization of these deferred tax assets. To the extent enough taxable income is not generated in the 15 year estimated reversal period, the Company can carry forward net operating losses indefinitely, but limited to 80 of taxable income for that year. 
 See Note 21 to our consolidated financial statements for further information. 
 Impairment of Assets 
 In accordance with ASC 350, we test goodwill for impairment annually, as of November 30 th , or more frequently if circumstances indicate impairment may have occurred. In this process, we make estimates and assumptions in order to determine the fair value of our reporting units and to project future earnings using valuation techniques. We use our best judgment and information available to us at the time to perform this review. Because our assumptions and estimates are used in projecting future earnings as part of the valuation, actual results could differ. Intangible assets with finite lives are amortized over their estimated useful lives which are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying amount of such assets may not be recoverable as prescribed by ASC 360, " Property, Plant, and Equipment." 
 We test goodwill for impairment at the reporting unit level. In determining the fair value for each reporting unit, we utilize a market multiple approach and/or a discounted cash flow methodology based on the adjusted cash flows from operations. The 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 market multiple approach includes applying the average earnings multiples of comparable public companies for their respective reporting segment multiplied by the forecasted earnings of the respective reporting unit to yield an estimate of fair value. The discounted cash flow methodology begins with the adjusted cash flows from each of the reporting units and uses a discount rate that reflects the weighted average cost of capital adjusted for the risks inherent in the future cash flows. 
 We recognize an impairment charge for the amount by which the carrying amount of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value. See Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements for further information. 
 In addition to goodwill and intangible assets, we annually assess our equity method investments for impairment (or more frequently if circumstances indicate impairment may have occurred) per ASC 323-10, "Investments Equity Method and Joint Ventures." 
 We concluded there was no impairment of goodwill, intangible assets or equity method investments during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 We concluded there was no impairment of goodwill or intangible assets during the year ended December 31, 2021. We recorded a loss of 8.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 , related to the write-down of certain assets associated with a legacy private equity investment relationship which, consistent with our investment strategy, we decided to wind-down during 2021. See Note 10 to our consolidated financial statements for further information . 
 We recorded impairment charges of 1.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2020, related to the impairment of assets resulting from the wind-down of our businesses in Mexico. See Note 5 to our consolidated financial statements for further information. 
 Variable Interest Entities 
 Our policy is to consolidate all subsidiaries in which we have a controlling financial interest, as well as any variable interest entities ("VIEs") where we are deemed to be the primary beneficiary, when we have the power to make the decisions that most significantly affect the economic performance of the VIE and have the obligation to absorb significant losses or the right to receive benefits that could potentially be significant to the VIE. We review factors, including the rights of the equity holders and obligations of equity holders to absorb losses or receive expected residual returns, to determine if the investment is a VIE. In evaluating whether we are the primary beneficiary, we evaluate our economic interests in the entity held either directly or indirectly by us. The consolidation analysis is generally performed qualitatively. This analysis, which requires judgment, is performed at each reporting date. 
 Recently Issued Accounting Standards 
 For a discussion of other recently issued accounting standards and their impact or potential impact on our consolidated financial statements, see Note 3 to our consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 See "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Market Risk and Credit Risk." We do not believe we face any material interest rate risk, foreign currency exchange risk, equity price risk or other market risk except as disclosed in Item 7 " Market Risk and Credit Risk" above. 
 52 

Table of Contents 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplemental Data Index to Financial Statements Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID No . 
 54 
 Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition 
 56 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 57 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 58 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity 
 59 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 60 
 Notes to Con solidated Financial Statements 
 61 
 Supplemental Financial Information 
 109 

53 

Table of Contents 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of 
 Evercore Inc. 
 New York, New York 
 
 Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated statements of financial condition of Evercore Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, changes in equity, and cash flows, for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the "consolidated financial statements"). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated February 24, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current-period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 Investment Banking Advisory Fee Revenue - Success Fees - Refer to Notes 2 and 4 to the consolidated financial statements 
 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 
 The Company recognizes investment banking advisory fee revenue that includes success fees for investment banking advisory services as performance obligations are satisfied and these advisory services are provided to the Company s clients. However, the recognition of success fees, which are included in investment banking advisory fee revenue, is generally constrained until 
 54 

Table of Contents 

substantially all services have been provided, specified conditions have been met and it is probable that a significant reversal of the applicable revenue will not occur in a future period. In certain instances, success fees may meet the criteria for recognition during a given reporting period although the transaction closed subsequent to the reporting period end. 
 
 The Company applies careful analysis and judgment to the remaining factors necessary for completion of a transaction, including factors outside of the Company s control, to determine whether it is probable a significant reversal of the success fee revenue will not occur. A transaction can fail to be completed for many reasons, which are outside of the Company s control, including but not limited to, failure of parties to agree upon final terms with the counterparty, securing necessary board or shareholder approvals, securing necessary financing, achieving necessary regulatory approvals, or due to adverse market conditions. 
 
 Given the considerations to determine whether it is probable a significant reversal of success fee revenue will not occur at year end, performing audit procedures to evaluate such considerations involved a high degree of auditor judgement. 
 
 How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 
 Our audit procedures related to the timing of recording success fee revenue for investment banking advisory services at year end included the following, among others: 
 
 We tested the effectiveness of controls over recognizing success fees for investment banking advisory services, including those over the timing of revenue recognition. 
 
 We selected a sample of contracts with clients for which revenue was recognized prior to December 31, 2022 as well as the period subsequent to year end and performed the following: 
 
 Evaluated whether the Company appropriately identified performance obligations and recognized revenue in the correct period by obtaining and evaluating evidence, including, but not limited to, inquiry with management, transaction close documents, press releases, confirmations, court approvals, executed agreements and communications, regarding the extent of uncertainty associated with variable consideration. 
 
 Evaluated the accuracy of management s calculation of investment banking advisory fee revenue by recalculating the revenue amounts and comparing our expectation to management s calculation. 
 
 Evaluated whether it was probable that a significant reversal of the applicable revenue would not occur. 

/s/ 

February 24, 2023 
 We have served as the Company's auditor since 2003. 

55 

Table of Contents 

 EVERCORE INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION 
 (dollars in thousands, except share data) December 31, 2022 2021 Assets Current Assets Cash and Cash Equivalents Investment Securities and Certificates of Deposit (includes available-for-sale debt securities with an amortized cost of and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively) 
 Accounts Receivable (net of allowances of and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively) 
 Receivable from Employees and Related Parties Other Current Assets Total Current Assets Investments Deferred Tax Assets Operating Lease Right-of-Use Assets Furniture, Equipment and Leasehold Improvements (net of accumulated depreciation and amortization of and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively) 
 Goodwill Intangible Assets (net of accumulated amortization of at December 31, 2021) 
 Other Assets Total Assets Liabilities and Equity Current Liabilities Accrued Compensation and Benefits Accounts Payable and Accrued Expenses Payable to Employees and Related Parties Operating Lease Liabilities Taxes Payable Other Current Liabilities Total Current Liabilities Operating Lease Liabilities Notes Payable Amounts Due Pursuant to Tax Receivable Agreements Other Long-term Liabilities Total Liabilities Commitments and Contingencies (Note 19) Equity Evercore Inc. Stockholders' Equity Common Stock Class A, par value per share shares authorized, and issued at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively) 
 Class B, par value per share shares authorized, and issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively) 
 Additional Paid-In-Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) ) ) Retained Earnings Treasury Stock at Cost and shares at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively) 
 ) ) Total Evercore Inc. Stockholders' Equity Noncontrolling Interest Total Equity Total Liabilities and Equity 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 56 

Table of Contents 

 EVERCORE INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (dollars and share amounts in thousands, except per share data) 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Revenues Investment Banking Equities: Advisory Fees Underwriting Fees Commissions and Related Revenue Asset Management and Administration Fees Other Revenue, Including Interest and Investments ) ) Total Revenues Interest Expense Net Revenues Expenses Employee Compensation and Benefits Occupancy and Equipment Rental Professional Fees Travel and Related Expenses Communications and Information Services Depreciation and Amortization Execution, Clearing and Custody Fees Special Charges, Including Business Realignment Costs Acquisition and Transition Costs Other Operating Expenses Total Expenses Income Before Income from Equity Method Investments and Income Taxes Income from Equity Method Investments Income Before Income Taxes Provision for Income Taxes Net Income Net Income Attributable to Noncontrolling Interest Net Income Attributable to Evercore Inc. Net Income Attributable to Evercore Inc. Common Shareholders Weighted Average Shares of Class A Common Stock Outstanding Basic Diluted Net Income Per Share Attributable to Evercore Inc. Common Shareholders: Basic Diluted 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 57 

Table of Contents 

 EVERCORE INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 (dollars in thousands) 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net Income Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), net of tax: Unrealized Gain (Loss) on Securities and Investments, net ) ) Foreign Currency Translation Adjustment Gain (Loss), net ) ) Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) ) ) Comprehensive Income Comprehensive Income Attributable to Noncontrolling Interest Comprehensive Income Attributable to Evercore Inc. 
 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

58 

Table of Contents 

 EVERCORE INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY 
 (dollars in thousands, except share data) 
 Accumulated Additional Other Class A Common Stock Paid-In Comprehensive Retained Treasury Stock Noncontrolling Total Shares Dollars Capital Income (Loss) Earnings Shares Dollars Interest Equity Balance at December 31, 2019 ) ) ) Cumulative Effect of Accounting Change (1) 
 ) ) Net Income Other Comprehensive Income Treasury Stock Purchases ) ) ) Evercore LP Units Exchanged for Class A Common Stock ) Equity-based Compensation Awards Dividends ) ) Noncontrolling Interest (Note 16) ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2020 ) ) ) Net Income Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) ) ) ) Treasury Stock Purchases ) ) ) Evercore LP Units Exchanged for Class A Common Stock ) Equity-based Compensation Awards Dividends ) ) Noncontrolling Interest (Note 16) ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2021 ) ) ) Net Income Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) ) ) ) Treasury Stock Purchases ) ) ) Evercore LP Units Exchanged for Class A Common Stock ) Equity-based Compensation Awards Dividends ) ) Noncontrolling Interest (Note 16) ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 ) ) ) 
 (1) 
 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

59 

Table of Contents 

 EVERCORE INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (dollars in thousands) For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Cash Flows From Operating Activities Net Income Adjustments to Reconcile Net Income to Net Cash Provided by Operating Activities: Net (Gains) Losses on Investments, Investment Securities and Contingent Consideration ) ) Equity Method Investments, Including Gain on Sale ) Equity-Based and Other Deferred Compensation Net Loss on Sale and Wind-down of Operations in Mexico in 2020 and Release of Cumulative Foreign Exchange Losses Noncash Lease Expense Depreciation, Amortization and Accretion Bad Debt Expense ) Deferred Taxes ) Decrease (Increase) in Operating Assets: Investment Securities ) ) Financial Instruments Owned and Pledged as Collateral at Fair Value ) Securities Purchased Under Agreements to Resell ) Accounts Receivable ) ) Receivable from Employees and Related Parties ) ) Other Assets ) ) ) (Decrease) Increase in Operating Liabilities: Accrued Compensation and Benefits ) Accounts Payable and Accrued Expenses ) ) ) Securities Sold Under Agreements to Repurchase Payables to Employees and Related Parties ) Taxes Payable ) Other Liabilities ) ) Net Cash Provided by Operating Activities Cash Flows From Investing Activities Investments Purchased ) ) ) Proceeds from Redemption and Sale of Investments Distributions of Private Equity Investments Investment Securities: Proceeds from Sales and Maturities of Investment Securities and Futures Contracts Activity Purchases of Investment Securities and Futures Contracts Activity ) ) ) Maturity of Certificates of Deposit Purchase of Certificates of Deposit ) ) Purchase of Furniture, Equipment and Leasehold Improvements ) ) ) Proceeds from Sale of Business, Net of Cash Sold Net Cash Provided by (Used In) Investing Activities ) ) Cash Flows From Financing Activities Issuance of Noncontrolling Interests Distributions to Noncontrolling Interests ) ) ) Payments Under Tax Receivable Agreement ) ) ) Payment of Notes Payable ) ) Issuance of Notes Payable Debt Issuance Costs and Make-Whole Amount ) ) Purchase of Treasury Stock and Noncontrolling Interests ) ) ) Dividends ) ) ) Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Financing Activities ) ) ) Effect of Exchange Rate Changes on Cash ) ) Net Increase (Decrease) in Cash, Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash ) Cash, Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash Beginning of Period Cash, Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash End of Period SUPPLEMENTAL CASH FLOW DISCLOSURE Payments for Interest Payments for Income Taxes Accrued Dividends Amounts Due for Purchase of Noncontrolling Interest Settlement of Sale of Trilantic VI Settlement of Contingent Consideration Receipt of Equity Securities in Settlement of Accounts Receivable 
 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 60 

Table of Contents 
 EVERCORE INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (amounts in thousands, except per share amounts, unless otherwise noted) 

 Note 1 
 
 Note 2 
 61 

Table of Contents 
 EVERCORE INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (amounts in thousands, except per share amounts, unless otherwise noted) 

 and liabilities of at December 31, 2022 and assets of and liabilities of at December 31, 2021. 
 All intercompany balances and transactions with the Company's subsidiaries have been eliminated upon consolidation. 
 Evercore LP partnership units 
 Class A LP Units At the time of the Company's initial public offering, the members of Evercore LP (the "Members") received Class A limited partnership units of Evercore LP ("Class A LP Units") in consideration for their contribution of the various entities included in the historical combined financial statements of the Company. The Class A LP Units were subject to vesting requirements and transfer restrictions and are exchangeable on a -for-one basis for shares of Class A common stock of the Company ("Class A Shares"). At December 31, 2013, all Class A LP Units were fully vested. 
 Class E LP Units As a result of the acquisition of the operating businesses of International Strategy Investment ("ISI") in 2014 and the conversion of the Class J limited partnership units of Evercore LP ("Class J LP Units"), the Company has Class E limited partnership units of Evercore LP ("Class E LP Units") outstanding. At December 31, 2020, all Class E LP Units were fully vested. 
 Class I LP Units In 2016, in conjunction with the appointment of the Chief Executive Officer (then Executive Chairman) , the Company issued unvested Class I-P Units of Evercore LP ("Class I-P Units"). The Class I-P Units were contingently exchangeable into Class I limited partnership units of Evercore LP ("Class I LP Units"), which are exchangeable on a -for-one basis for Class A Shares. In March 2022, the Class I-P Units converted into Class I LP Units. 
 Class K LP Units The Company periodically grants unvested Class K-P Units of Evercore LP ("Class K-P Units"). The Class K-P Units are contingently exchangeable into Class K limited partnership units of Evercore LP ("Class K LP Units"), which are ultimately exchangeable on a -for-one basis for Class A Shares. In December 2021, the Class K-P Units that were issued in 2017 converted into Class K LP Units upon the achievement of certain defined benchmark results and continued service requirements. 
 See Note 18 for further information on Evercore LP partnership units ("LP Units") where exchangeability is subject to performance and/or market conditions. 
 The Company accounts for exchanges of LP Units for Class A Shares based on the carrying amounts of the Members' LP Units immediately before the exchange. 
 The Company's interest in Evercore LP is within the scope of Accounting Standards Codification ("ASC") 810-20, " Control of Partnerships and Similar Entities." The Company consolidates Evercore LP and records noncontrolling interest for the economic interest in Evercore LP held directly by others, which includes the Members. 
 62 

Table of Contents 
 EVERCORE INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (amounts in thousands, except per share amounts, unless otherwise noted) 

 63 

Table of Contents 
 EVERCORE INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (amounts in thousands, except per share amounts, unless otherwise noted) 

64 

Table of Contents 
 EVERCORE INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (amounts in thousands, except per share amounts, unless otherwise noted) 

65 

Table of Contents 
 EVERCORE INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (amounts in thousands, except per share amounts, unless otherwise noted) 

 as of January 1, 2020. Following the adoption of ASU 2016-13, the Company determines the adequacy of the allowance by estimating the probability of loss based on the Company's analysis of historical credit loss experience of its client receivables, and taking into consideration current market conditions and reasonable and supportable forecasts that affect the collectability of the reported amount. The Company has determined that long-term forecasted information is not relevant to its fee receivables, which are primarily short-term. The Company updates its average credit loss rates periodically and maintains a quarterly allowance review process to consider current factors that would require an adjustment to the credit loss allowance. In addition, the Company periodically performs a qualitative assessment to monitor risks associated with current and forecasted conditions that may require an adjustment to the expected credit loss rates. Expected credit losses for newly recognized financial assets and changes to expected credit losses during the period are recognized in earnings. 
 The Company's receivables collection periods generally are within days of invoice, with the exception of placement fees, which are generally collected within days of invoice, and fees related to private funds capital raising and certain fees related to the private capital businesses, which are collected in a period exceeding . The collection period for restructuring transaction receivables may exceed days. Receivables that are collected in a period exceeding are reflected in Other Assets on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. 
 The Company records contract assets within Other Current Assets and Other Assets on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition when payment is due from a client conditioned on future performance or the occurrence of other events. The Company also recognizes a contract asset for the incremental costs of obtaining a contract with a customer if the benefit of those costs is expected to be longer than . The Company applies a practical expedient to expense costs to obtain a contract as incurred when the amortization period is or less. 
 See Note 4 for further information. 
 66 

Table of Contents 
 EVERCORE INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (amounts in thousands, except per share amounts, unless otherwise noted) 

 . Leasehold improvements are amortized over the shorter of the term of the lease or the useful life of the asset. Certain costs associated with the acquisition or development of internal-use software and cloud computing arrangements are also capitalized. Once the software is ready for its intended use, the capitalized costs are amortized using the straight-line method over the estimated useful life of the software or hosting arrangement. Capitalized costs associated with cloud computing arrangements are presented in the same line item on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition that a prepayment of the fees for the associated hosting arrangement is presented in (within Other Assets). The capitalized costs associated with cloud computing arrangements are amortized over the term of the arrangement and the expense is presented in the same line item on the Consolidated Statements of Operations as the fees associated with the hosting element of the arrangement (within Communications and Information Services). 
 See Note 12 for further information. 
 67 

Table of Contents 
 EVERCORE INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (amounts in thousands, except per share amounts, unless otherwise noted) 

68 

Table of Contents 
 EVERCORE INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (amounts in thousands, except per share amounts, unless otherwise noted) 

of principal trading gains and losses from the Company's institutional equities business from "Other Revenue, Including Interest and Investments" to "Commissions and Related Revenue" for the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 
 Note 3 

Note 4 
 
 Underwriting Fees Commissions and Related Revenue Total Investment Banking Equities Investment Management: Asset Management and Administration Fees: Wealth Management 
 Institutional Asset Management 
 Total Investment Management 
 Contract Balances 
 69 

Table of Contents 
 EVERCORE INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (amounts in thousands, except per share amounts, unless otherwise noted) 

 Increase (Decrease) ) ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 For the Year Ended December 31, 2021 Receivables 
 (Current) (1) 
 Receivables 
 (Long-term) (2) 
 Contract Assets (Current) (3) 
 Contract Assets (Long-term) (2) 
 Deferred Revenue 
 (Current Contract Liabilities) (4) 
 Deferred Revenue 
 (Long-term Contract Liabilities) (5) 
 Balance at January 1, 2021 Increase (Decrease) ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2021 
 (1) Included in Accounts Receivable on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. 
 (2) Included in Other Assets on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. 
 (3) Included in Other Current Assets on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. 
 (4) Included in Other Current Liabilities on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. 
 (5) Included in Other Long-term Liabilities on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. 
 The Company's contract assets represent arrangements in which an estimate of variable consideration has been included in the transaction price and thereby recognized as revenue that precedes the contractual due date. Under ASC 606, revenue is recognized when all material conditions for completion have been met and it is probable that a significant revenue reversal will not occur in a future period. 
 The Company recognized revenue of , and on the Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, that was initially included in deferred revenue within Other Current Liabilities on the Company s Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. 
 Generally, performance obligations under client arrangements will be settled within ; therefore, the Company has elected to apply the practical expedient in ASC 606-10-50-14. 
 Bad debt expense, net of reversals ) Write-offs, foreign currency translation and other adjustments ) ) Ending Balance 
 The change in the balance during the year ended December 31, 2022 is primarily related an increase in the Company's reserve for credit losses and the write-off of aged receivables. 
 
 70 

Table of Contents 
 EVERCORE INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (amounts in thousands, except per share amounts, unless otherwise noted) 

Note 5 
 ). As a result of this transaction, the Company deconsolidated assets of , representing an allocation of goodwill based on the relative fair value of the business being sold to the total fair value of the Institutional Asset Management reporting unit. This transaction resulted in a pre-tax gain of included in Other Revenue, Including Interest and Investments, on the Consolidated Statement of Operations for the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 On December 16, 2020, the Company completed the sale of its remaining ECB business for a purchase price of MXN ). The ECB business was part of the Company s Investment Management segment. As a result of this transaction, the Company deconsolidated assets of , comprised primarily of of Financial Instruments Owned and Pledged as Collateral at Fair Value, of Investment Securities and of Cash and Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash and deconsolidated liabilities of , comprised primarily of of Securities Sold Under Agreements to Repurchase. This transaction resulted in a pre-tax loss of included in Other Revenue, Including Interest and Investments, on the Consolidated Statement of Operations for the year ended December 31, 2020 . 
 In 2020, the Company completed the transition of its advisory presence in Mexico to a strategic alliance relationship with a newly-formed independent strategic advisory firm founded by certain former employees. 
 Following the above transactions, the Company concluded that the liquidation of its operations in Mexico was substantially complete. This determination resulted in the reclassification of and of cumulative foreign currency translation losses from Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) and Noncontrolling Interest, respectively, on the Consolidated Statement of Financial Condition to Other Revenue, Including Interest and Investments, on the Consolidated Statement of Operations for the year ended December 31, 2020. In addition, the Company recorded in Special Charges, Including Business Realignment Costs, on the Consolidated Statement of Operations for the year ended December 31, 2020, for charges related to the impairment of assets resulting from the wind-down of the Company's businesses in Mexico. This was comprised of a charge of related to the impairment of operating lease right-of-use assets and a charge of related to the impairment of leasehold improvements. 
 Further, in conjunction with the ongoing wind-down of the administrative functions in Mexico, the Company incurred certain professional fees, separation benefits and other charges, which are recorded within Special Charges, Including Business Realignment Costs, on the Consolidated Statement of Operations for the year ended December 31, 2022. See Note 6 for further information. 
 Goodwill and Intangible Assets 

71 

Table of Contents 
 EVERCORE INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (amounts in thousands, except per share amounts, unless otherwise noted) 

 Foreign Currency Translation and Other ) ) Balance at December 31, 2021 (1) 
 Foreign Currency Translation and Other ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 (1) 
 
 (1) The amount of the Company's goodwill before accumulated impairment losses of was , and at December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 Total 
 Expense associated with the amortization of intangible assets was , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The Company's intangible assets were fully amortized as of December 31, 2022. 
 Impairments of Goodwill 
 At November 30, 2022 and 2021, in accordance with ASC 350, "Intangibles - Goodwill and Other" , the Company performed its annual goodwill impairment assessment and concluded that the fair value of its reporting units substantially exceeded their carrying values. 
 
 Note 6 
 for the year ended December 31, 2022, as Special Charges, Including Business Realignment Costs, related to charges associated with the prepayment of the Company's Series B senior notes originally due March 30, 2023 (the "Series B Notes"), as well as certain professional fees, separation benefits and other charges related to the ongoing wind-down of the Company's administrative functions in Mexico. See Notes 5 and 13 for further information. 
 The Company recognized for the year ended December 31, 2021, as Special Charges, Including Business Realignment Costs, related to the write-down of certain assets associated with a legacy private equity investment relationship which, consistent with the Company's investment strategy, the Company decided to wind-down during 2021. See Note 10 for further information. 
 The Company recognized for the year ended December 31, 2020, as Special Charges, Including Business Realignment Costs. This included expenses of primarily for separation and transition benefits for certain employees terminated as a result of the Company's review of its operations, described below, related to the acceleration of depreciation expense for leasehold improvements and certain other fixed assets in conjunction with the expansion of the Company's headquarters in New York and the Company's business realignment initiatives and for charges related to the impairment of assets resulting from the wind-down of the Company's businesses in Mexico. See Note 5 for further information. 
 As noted above, in 2020, the Company completed a review of its operations focused on markets, sectors and people which delivered lower levels of productivity in an effort to attain greater flexibility of operations and better position itself for future growth. This review, which began in the fourth quarter of 2019, generated reductions of of the Company's headcount. In conjunction with the employment reductions, the Company incurred costs (including costs related to the acceleration of deferred compensation) of for the year ended December 31, 2020, which has been recorded in Special Charges Including Business Realignment Costs. 

72 

Table of Contents 
 EVERCORE INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (amounts in thousands, except per share amounts, unless otherwise noted) 

 Note 7 
 , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Other Assets on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition includes the long-term portion of loans receivable from certain employees of and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. See Note 18 for further information. 
 Personal Expenses Paid on Behalf of Employees and Related Parties Other Receivable from Employees and Related Parties 
 Amounts Due Pursuant to Tax Receivable Agreements (1) 
 Amounts Due to Employees for the Sale of Outstanding Class R Interests of Private Capital Advisory L.P. (2) 
 Other Payable to Employees and Related Parties 
 (1) Reflects the current portion due related to the Member exchange of Class A LP Units for Class A Shares. The long-term portion of and is included within Amounts Due Pursuant to Tax Receivable Agreements on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 (2) Reflects the current portion due to employees of the Real Estate Capital Advisory ("RECA") business for the sale of Class R Interests of Private Capital Advisory L.P. The long-term portion of and due related to the contingent cash consideration is included within Other Long-term Liabilities on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. See Note 16 for further information. 
 
 Note 8 
 
 73 

Table of Contents 
 EVERCORE INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (amounts in thousands, except per share amounts, unless otherwise noted) 

 Equity Securities Debt Securities Carried by EGL Investment Funds Total Investment Securities (carried at fair value) Certificates of Deposit (carried at contract value) Total Investment Securities and Certificates of Deposit 
 Due after one year through five years Total 
 The Company has the ability and intent to hold available-for-sale securities until a recovery of fair value is equal to an amount approximating its amortized cost, which may be at maturity. Further, the securities are all U.S. Treasuries, and the Company has not incurred credit losses on its securities. As such, the Company does not consider these securities to be impaired at December 31, 2022 and has not recorded a credit allowance on these securities. 
 Debt Securities 
 Debt Securities are classified as available-for-sale securities within Investment Securities and Certificates of Deposit on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. These securities are stated at fair value with unrealized gains and losses included in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition and realized gains and losses included in Other Revenue, Including Interest and Investments, on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. The Company had net realized gains (losses) of ), and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Equity Securities 
 Equity Securities are carried at fair value with changes in fair value recorded in Other Revenue, Including Interest and Investments, on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. The Company had net realized and unrealized gains (losses) of ), and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Debt Securities Carried by EGL 
 EGL invests in a fixed income portfolio consisting primarily of U.S. Treasury bills. These securities are carried at fair value, with changes in fair value recorded in Other Revenue, Including Interest and Investments, on the Consolidated Statements of Operations, as required for broker-dealers in securities. The Company had net realized and unrealized gains (losses) of , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

74 

Table of Contents 
 EVERCORE INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (amounts in thousands, except per share amounts, unless otherwise noted) 
), and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Certificates of Deposit 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company held certificates of deposit of and , respectively, with certain banks with original maturities of or less when purchased. 
 
 Note 9 
 , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and variable lease cost, which principally include costs for real estate taxes, common area maintenance and other operating expenses of , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 In conjunction with the lease of office space, the Company has entered into letters of credit in the amount of and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which are secured by cash that is included in Other Assets on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. 
 The Company has entered into various operating leases for the use of office equipment (primarily computers, printers, copiers and other information technology related equipment). Occupancy and Equipment Rental on the Consolidated Statements of Operations includes operating lease cost for office equipment of , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 The Company uses its secured incremental borrowing rate to determine the present value of its right-of-use assets and lease liabilities. The determination of an appropriate incremental borrowing rate requires significant assumptions and judgment. The Company's incremental borrowing rate was calculated based on the Company's recent debt issuances and current market conditions. The Company scales the rates appropriately depending on the life of the leases. 
 The Company incurred net operating cash outflows of , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, related to its operating leases, which was net of cash received from lease incentives of , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 December 31, 2022 2021 Weighted-average remaining lease term - operating leases years years Weighted-average discount rate - operating leases 
 
 75 

Table of Contents 
 EVERCORE INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (amounts in thousands, except per share amounts, unless otherwise noted) 

 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total lease payments Less: Tenant Improvement Allowances ) Less: Imputed Interest ) Present value of lease liabilities Less: Current lease liabilities ) Long-term lease liabilities 
 In December 2022, the Company entered into a lease agreement to take on rentable square feet in New York, New York. The Company took possession of this space in January 2023. The approximate additional annual expense under this lease agreement, net of certain lease incentives, is and the lease term will end on December 31, 2035. 
 In conjunction with the lease agreement to expand its headquarters at 55 East 52nd St., New York, New York, and lease agreements at certain other locations, including the lease above, the Company entered into leases for office space which have not yet commenced and thus are not yet included on the Company's Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition as right-of-use assets and lease liabilities. The Company anticipates that it will take possession of these spaces by the end of 2023. These spaces will have lease terms of to years once the Company has taken possession. The additional future payments under these arrangements are as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Note 10 
 Atalanta Sosnoff Luminis Seneca Evercore Total 

76 

Table of Contents 
 EVERCORE INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (amounts in thousands, except per share amounts, unless otherwise noted) 

 to . The Company received cash of as consideration for its interests sold and recorded a gain of for the year ended December 31, 2022, included within Other Revenue, Including Interest and Investments, on the Consolidated Statement of Operations. 
 At December 31, 2022, the Company's ownership interest in ABS was . This investment resulted in earnings of , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, included within Income from Equity Method Investments on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 Atalanta Sosnoff 
 On December 31, 2015, the Company amended the Operating Agreement with Atalanta Sosnoff and deconsolidated its assets and liabilities, accounting for its interest under the equity method of accounting from that date forward. At December 31, 2022, the Company's ownership interest in Atalanta Sosnoff was . This investment resulted in earnings of , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, included within Income from Equity Method Investments on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 Luminis 
 On January 1, 2017, the Company acquired an interest in Luminis and accounted for its interest under the equity method of accounting. At December 31, 2022, the Company's ownership interest in Luminis was . This investment resulted in earnings of , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, included within Income from Equity Method Investments on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. This investment is subject to currency translation from the Australian dollar to the U.S. dollar, included in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition . 
 Seneca Evercore 
 On July 7, 2021, the Company acquired a interest in Seneca Evercore for and maintains proportional representation on the board of directors of Seneca Evercore (but not less than director) following this transaction. The Company accounts for its interest under the equity method of accounting. This investment resulted in earnings of and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, included within Income from Equity Method Investments on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. This investment is subject to currency translation from the Brazilian real to the U.S. dollar, included in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition . 
 Other 
 The Company allocates the purchase price of its equity method investments, in part, to the inherent finite-lived identifiable intangible assets of the investees. The Company's share of the earnings of the investees has been reduced by the amortization of these identifiable intangible assets of for each of the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 The Company assesses its equity method investments for impairment annually, or more frequently if circumstances indicate impairment may have occurred. 
 Debt Security Investment 
 On December 31, 2017, the Company exchanged all of its outstanding equity interests in G5 for debentures of G5. The Company recorded this investment as a held-to-maturity debt security within Investments on the Consolidated Statement of Financial Condition. These securities were mandatorily redeemable on December 31, 2027, or earlier, subject to the occurrence of certain events. The Company was accreting its investment to its redemption value ratably, or on an accelerated basis if certain revenue thresholds were met by G5, from December 31, 2017 to December 31, 2027. This investment was subject to 
 77 

Table of Contents 
 EVERCORE INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (amounts in thousands, except per share amounts, unless otherwise noted) 

 , included in Other Revenue, Including Interest and Investments, on the Consolidated Statement of Operations for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Investments in Private Equity 
 Private Equity Funds 
 The Company's investments related to private equity partnerships and associated entities include investments in Glisco Partners II, L.P. ("Glisco II"), Glisco Partners III, L.P. ("Glisco III"), Glisco Capital Partners IV ("Glisco IV"), Trilantic Capital Partners Associates IV, L.P. ("Trilantic IV"), Trilantic Capital Partners V, L.P. ("Trilantic V") and Trilantic Capital Partners VI (North America), L.P. ("Trilantic VI") (through January 1, 2022). Portfolio holdings of the private equity funds are carried at fair value. Accordingly, the Company reflects its pro rata share of unrealized gains and losses occurring from changes in fair value. Additionally, the Company reflects its pro rata share of realized gains, losses and carried interest associated with any investment realizations. 
 Trilantic IV, Trilantic V and Trilantic VI Total Private Equity Funds 
 Net realized and unrealized gains (losses) on private equity fund investments were , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. In the event the funds perform poorly, the Company may be obligated to repay certain carried interest previously distributed. As of December 31, 2022, of previously distributed carried interest received from the funds was subject to repayment. 
 On December 14, 2021, the Company entered into an agreement to sell its interests in Trilantic VI for (see "Investment in Trilantic Capital Partners" below). Consideration for this transaction was received in December 2021 and was reflected in Cash and Cash Equivalents and Other Current Liabilities on the Consolidated Statement of Financial Condition at December 31, 2021. This transaction closed on January 1, 2022 and as of that date, the Company has no further commitments to invest in Trilantic VI. 
 General Partners of Private Equity Funds which are VIEs 
 The Company has concluded that Glisco Capital Partners II, Glisco Capital Partners III and Glisco Manager Holdings LP are VIEs and that the Company is not the primary beneficiary of these VIEs. The Company's assessment of the primary beneficiary of these entities included assessing which parties have the power to significantly impact the economic performance of these entities and the obligation to absorb losses, which could be potentially significant to the entities, or the right to receive benefits from the entities that could be potentially significant. Neither the Company nor its related parties will have the ability to make decisions that significantly impact the economic performance of these entities. Further, as a limited partner in these entities, the Company does not possess substantive participating rights. The Company had assets of and included in its Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, related to these unconsolidated VIEs, representing the carrying value of the Company's investments in the entities. The Company's exposure to the obligations of these VIEs is generally limited to its investments in these entities. The Company's maximum exposure to loss as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively, which represents the carrying value of the Company's investments in these VIEs, as well as any unfunded commitments to the current and future funds. 
 Investment in Trilantic Capital Partners 
 During 2021, consistent with the Company's investment strategy, the Company decided to wind down its investment relationship with Trilantic. Accordingly, the Company wrote-off the remaining carrying value of its investment in Trilantic, as well as certain amounts allocated to fund investments exceeding net asset value. As a result, the Company recorded an aggregate charge of within Special Charges, Including Business Realignment Costs, on the Consolidated Statement of Operations for the year ended December 31, 2021. See above in "Investments in Private Equity" for further information. 
 78 

Table of Contents 
 EVERCORE INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (amounts in thousands, except per share amounts, unless otherwise noted) 

 and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, are accounted for at their cost minus impairment, if any, plus or minus changes resulting from observable price changes. 
 Following the Glisco transaction in 2016, the Company recorded an investment in Glisco Manager Holdings LP representing the fair value of the deferred consideration resulting from this transaction. This investment was accounted for at its cost minus impairment, if any, plus or minus changes resulting from observable price changes. The Company amortized the balance of its investment as distributions were received related to the deferred consideration. This investment was fully amortized as of December 31, 2022 and had a balance of as of December 31, 2021. 
 
 Note 11 
 Other Debt and Equity Securities (1) 
 Investment Funds Total Assets Measured At Fair Value December 31, 2021 Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Debt Securities Carried by EGL Other Debt and Equity Securities (1) 
 Investment Funds Total Assets Measured At Fair Value 
 (1) Includes and of treasury bills classified within Cash and Cash Equivalents on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 79 

Table of Contents 
 EVERCORE INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (amounts in thousands, except per share amounts, unless otherwise noted) 

 Certificates of Deposit Receivables (1) 
 Contract Assets (2) 
 Receivable from Employees and Related Parties Closely-held Equity Securities Financial Liabilities: Accounts Payable and Accrued Expenses Payable to Employees and Related Parties Notes Payable December 31, 2021 Carrying Estimated Fair Value Amount Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Financial Assets: Cash and Cash Equivalents Certificates of Deposit Receivables (1) 
 Contract Assets (2) 
 Receivable from Employees and Related Parties Closely-held Equity Securities Financial Liabilities: Accounts Payable and Accrued Expenses Payable to Employees and Related Parties Notes Payable 
 (1) Includes Accounts Receivable, as well as long-term receivables, which are included in Other Assets on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. 
 (2) Includes current and long-term contract assets included in Other Current Assets and Other Assets on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. 

80 

Table of Contents 
 EVERCORE INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (amounts in thousands, except per share amounts, unless otherwise noted) 

 Note 12 
 Leasehold Improvements Computer and Technology-related Total Less: Accumulated Depreciation and Amortization ) ) Furniture, Equipment and Leasehold Improvements, Net 
 Depreciation and amortization expense for Furniture, Equipment and Leasehold Improvements totaled , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 In addition, the Company recognized Special Charges, Including Business Realignment Costs, of for the year ended December 31, 2020, related to the acceleration of depreciation expense for leasehold improvements and certain other fixed assets in conjunction with the expansion of the Company's headquarters in New York and the Company's business realignment initiatives. The Company also recorded in Special Charges, Including Business Realignment Costs, on the Consolidated Statement of Operations for the year ended December 31, 2020, for charges related to the impairment of leasehold improvements resulting from the wind-down of the Company's businesses in Mexico. See Notes 5 and 6 for further information. 
 Other Assets on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition includes capitalized costs associated with cloud computing arrangements of and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Amortization expense for capitalized costs associated with cloud computing arrangements was and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, included within Communications and Information Services on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 
 Note 13 
 of senior notes, including: aggregate principal amount of its Series A senior notes which were due March 30, 2021 (the "Series A Notes"), aggregate principal amount of its Series B Notes which were originally due March 30, 2023, aggregate principal amount of its Series C senior notes due March 30, 2026 (the "Series C Notes") and aggregate principal amount of its Series D senior notes due March 30, 2028 (the "Series D Notes" and together with the Series A Notes, the Series B Notes and the Series C Notes, the "2016 Private Placement Notes"), pursuant to a note purchase agreement (the "2016 Note Purchase Agreement") dated as of March 30, 2016, among the Company and the purchasers party thereto in a private placement exempt from registration under the Securities Act of 1933. 
 Interest on the 2016 Private Placement Notes is payable semi-annually and the 2016 Private Placement Notes are guaranteed by certain of the Company's domestic subsidiaries. The Company may, at its option, prepay all, or from time to time any part of, the 2016 Private Placement Notes (without regard to Series), in an amount not less than of the aggregate principal amount of the 2016 Private Placement Notes then outstanding at of the principal amount thereof plus an applicable "make-whole amount." Upon the occurrence of a change of control, the holders of the 2016 Private Placement Notes will have the right to require the Company to prepay the entire unpaid principal amounts held by each holder of the 2016 Private Placement Notes plus accrued and unpaid interest to the prepayment date. The 2016 Note Purchase Agreement contains customary covenants, including financial covenants requiring compliance with a maximum leverage ratio, a minimum tangible net worth and a minimum interest coverage ratio, and customary events of default. As of December 31, 2022, the Company was in compliance with all of these covenants. 
 In March 2021, the Company repaid the aggregate principal amount of its Series A Notes . On June 28, 2022, the Company prepaid the aggregate principal amount of its Series B Notes plus the applicable make-whole amount. In conjunction with the June 2022 prepayment and the acceleration of the remaining debt issuance costs, the Company recorded a 
 81 

Table of Contents 
 EVERCORE INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (amounts in thousands, except per share amounts, unless otherwise noted) 

 for the year ended December 31, 2022, included within Special Charges, Including Business Realignment Costs, on the Consolidated Statement of Operations. 
 2019 Private Placement Notes 
 On August 1, 2019, the Company issued and of senior unsecured notes through private placement. These notes reflect a weighted average life of years and a weighted average stated interest rate of . These notes include: aggregate principal amount of its Series E senior notes due August 1, 2029 (the "Series E Notes"), aggregate principal amount of its Series F senior notes due August 1, 2031 (the "Series F Notes"), aggregate principal amount of its Series G senior notes due August 1, 2033 (the "Series G Notes") and aggregate principal amount of its Series H senior notes due August 1, 2033 (the "Series H Notes" and together with the Series E Notes, the Series F Notes and the Series G Notes, the "2019 Private Placement Notes"), each of which were issued pursuant to a note purchase agreement dated as of August 1, 2019 (the "2019 Note Purchase Agreement"), among the Company and the purchasers party thereto in a private placement exempt from registration under the Securities Act of 1933. 
 Interest on the 2019 Private Placement Notes is payable semi-annually and the 2019 Private Placement Notes are guaranteed by certain of the Company's domestic subsidiaries. The Company may, at its option, prepay all, or from time to time any part of, the 2019 Private Placement Notes (without regard to Series), in an amount not less than of the aggregate principal amount of the 2019 Private Placement Notes then outstanding at of the principal amount thereof plus an applicable "make-whole amount." Upon the occurrence of a change of control, the holders of the 2019 Private Placement Notes will have the right to require the Company to prepay the entire unpaid principal amounts held by each holder of the 2019 Private Placement Notes plus accrued and unpaid interest to the prepayment date. The 2019 Note Purchase Agreement contains customary covenants, including financial covenants requiring compliance with a maximum leverage ratio and a minimum tangible net worth, and customary events of default. As of December 31, 2022, the Company was in compliance with all of these covenants. 
 2021 Private Placement Notes 
 On March 29, 2021, the Company issued aggregate principal amount of its Series I senior notes due August 1, 2025 (the "Series I Notes" or the "2021 Private Placement Notes"), pursuant to a note purchase agreement (the "2021 Note Purchase Agreement") dated as of March 29, 2021, among the Company and the purchasers party thereto in a private placement exempt from registration under the Securities Act of 1933. 
 Interest on the 2021 Private Placement Notes is payable semi-annually and the 2021 Private Placement Notes are guaranteed by certain of the Company's domestic subsidiaries. The Company may, at its option, prepay all, or from time to time any part of, the 2021 Private Placement Notes, in an amount not less than of the aggregate principal amount of the 2021 Private Placement Notes then outstanding at of the principal amount thereof plus an applicable "make-whole amount." Upon the occurrence of a change of control, the holders of the 2021 Private Placement Notes will have the right to require the Company to prepay the entire unpaid principal amounts held by each holder of the 2021 Private Placement Notes plus accrued and unpaid interest to the prepayment date. The 2021 Note Purchase Agreement contains customary covenants, including financial covenants requiring compliance with a maximum leverage ratio and a minimum tangible net worth, and customary events of default. As of December 31, 2022, the Company was in compliance with all of these covenants. 
 2022 Private Placement Notes 
 On June 28, 2022, the Company issued aggregate principal amount of its Series J senior notes due November 15, 2028 (the "Series J Notes" or the "2022 Private Placement Notes"), pursuant to a note purchase agreement (the "2022 Note Purchase Agreement") dated as of June 28, 2022, among the Company and the purchasers party thereto in a private placement exempt from registration under the Securities Act of 1933. 
 82 

Table of Contents 
 EVERCORE INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (amounts in thousands, except per share amounts, unless otherwise noted) 

 of the aggregate principal amount of the 2022 Private Placement Notes then outstanding at of the principal amount thereof plus an applicable "make-whole amount." Upon the occurrence of a change of control, the holders of the 2022 Private Placement Notes will have the right to require the Company to prepay the entire unpaid principal amounts held by each holder of the 2022 Private Placement Notes plus accrued and unpaid interest to the prepayment date. The 2022 Note Purchase Agreement contains customary covenants, including financial covenants requiring compliance with a maximum leverage ratio and a minimum tangible net worth, and customary events of default. As of December 31, 2022, the Company was in compliance with all of these covenants. 
 Series B Senior Notes 
 3/30/2023 Evercore Inc. Series C Senior Notes 
 3/30/2026 Evercore Inc. Series D Senior Notes 
 3/30/2028 Evercore Inc. Series E Senior Notes 
 8/1/2029 Evercore Inc. Series F Senior Notes 
 8/1/2031 Evercore Inc. Series G Senior Notes 
 8/1/2033 Evercore Inc. Series H Senior Notes 
 8/1/2033 Evercore Inc. Series I Senior Notes 
 8/1/2025 Evercore Inc. Series J Senior Notes 
 11/15/2028 Total 
 (1) Carrying value has been adjusted to reflect the presentation of debt issuance costs as a direct reduction from the related liability. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total 
 
 Note 14 
 of up to of eligible compensation, defined as salary plus cash bonus 
 83 

Table of Contents 
 EVERCORE INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (amounts in thousands, except per share amounts, unless otherwise noted) 

 per employee. Catch-up contributions are not matched. Participants vest in the matching contribution from the Company upon completion of of service. 
 The Company made contributions to the Evercore Plan of and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and contributions for the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 Evercore Europe Defined Contribution Benefit Plan Evercore U.K. provides a defined contribution benefit plan, the Evercore Partners International Group Personal Pension Plan (the "Evercore Europe Plan"), for Evercore U.K. employees and members. The Evercore Europe Plan was established in November 2006 and subsequently amended. 
 The Evercore Europe Plan, for employees starting between November 2006 and July 2011, has a salary deferral feature as permitted under existing tax guidelines for HM Customs and Revenue, the Inland Revenue Service in the United Kingdom. Evercore U.K. employees must have elected to participate in the plan prior to July 2011, and Evercore U.K. has a minimum annualized contribution of to of an employee's salary for all the employees who participated, depending on the respective employee's level within the Company. These employees are also eligible to contribute up to of their salary to the Evercore Europe Plan and, under the terms of the Evercore Europe Plan, if an employee contributes a minimum of to of their salary to the plan, Evercore U.K. must make a matching contribution of to of the employee's salary depending on the employee's level within the Company. 
 The Evercore Europe Plan, for employees starting after July 2011, has a salary deferral feature as permitted under existing tax guidelines for HM Customs and Revenue. Evercore U.K. has a minimum annualized contribution of of an employee's salary. Employees are also eligible to contribute a percentage of their salary to the Evercore Europe Plan, however, any contribution made does not entitle them to a matching contribution from Evercore U.K. 
 The Company made contributions to the Evercore Europe Plan of , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Evercore ISI U.K. Personal Pension Plan For employees of Evercore ISI U.K., a personal pension plan is available for all employees to contribute a percentage of their salary. The Company contributes up to of an employee's salary. The Company made contributions to the Evercore ISI U.K. Personal Pension Plan of , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Contributions to the various plans are recorded in Employee Compensation and Benefits on the Consolidated Statements of Operations and accrued in Accrued Compensation and Benefits on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. 
 In addition, the Company offers separation and transition and certain other benefits. See Note 18 for further information. 
 Self-Funded Medical Insurance Program Effective January 1, 2023, the Company changed its medical insurance plan in the U.S. from a fully insured to a self-funded plan. The Company is liable for the funding of claims under the self-funded plan. The Company also maintains stop-loss insurance for its medical plan to provide coverage for claims over a defined financial threshold. As of January 1, 2023, the estimated present value of the liability related to incurred but not reported claims was approximately . 
 
 Note 15 
 per share, to the holders of record of Class A Shares as of February 24, 2023, which will be paid on March 10, 2023. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company declared and paid dividends of per share, totaling , and accrued deferred cash dividends on unvested RSUs, totaling . During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company also paid deferred cash dividends of . During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company declared and paid dividends of per share, totaling , and accrued deferred cash dividends on unvested RSUs, totaling . During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company also paid deferred cash dividends of . 
 Treasury Stock During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company purchased Class A Shares from employees at an average cost per share of , primarily for the net settlement of stock-based compensation awards, and Class A Shares at an average cost per share of pursuant to the Company's share repurchase program. The aggregate Class A Shares were purchased at an average cost per share of , and the result of these purchases was an increase in Treasury Stock of on the Company's Consolidated Statement of Financial Condition as of December 31, 2022. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company purchased Class A Shares from employees at an 
 84 

Table of Contents 
 EVERCORE INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (amounts in thousands, except per share amounts, unless otherwise noted) 

 , primarily for the net settlement of stock-based compensation awards, and Class A Shares at an average cost per share of pursuant to the Company's share repurchase program. The aggregate Class A Shares were purchased at an average cost per share of , and the result of these purchases was an increase in Treasury Stock of on the Company's Consolidated Statement of Financial Condition as of December 31, 2021. 
 LP Units During the year ended December 31, 2022, LP Units were exchanged for Class A Shares, resulting in an increase to Class A Common Stock and Additional Paid-In-Capital of and , respectively, on the Company's Consolidated Statement of Financial Condition as of December 31, 2022. During the year ended December 31, 2021, LP Units were exchanged for Class A Shares, resulting in an increase to Class A Common Stock and Additional Paid-In-Capital of and , respectively, on the Company's Consolidated Statement of Financial Condition as of December 31, 2021. See Notes 16 and 21 for further information. 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) As of December 31, 2022, Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) on the Company's Consolidated Statement of Financial Condition includes an accumulated Unrealized Gain (Loss) on Securities and Investments, net, and Foreign Currency Translation Adjustment Gain (Loss), net, of and ), respectively. 
 The substantially complete liquidation of the Company's businesses in Mexico in 2020 resulted in the reclassification of of cumulative foreign currency translation losses from Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) on the Consolidated Statement of Financial Condition to Other Revenue, Including Interest and Investments, on the Consolidated Statement of Operations for the year ended December 31, 2020. See Note 5 for further information. 
 
 Note 16 
 Evercore Wealth Management ("EWM") (1) 
 RECA (2) 
 
 (1) Noncontrolling Interests represent a blended rate for multiple classes of interests in EWM. 
 
 The Noncontrolling Interests for Evercore LP and EWM have rights, in certain circumstances, to convert into Class A Shares. 
 The Company has outstanding Class A, E, I and K LP Units in Evercore LP which give the holders the right to receive Class A Shares upon exchange on a one-for-one basis. See Note 2 for further information. 
 During the period January 1, 2023 through December 31, 2023, the Company has the option to purchase, at fair value, a portion of the outstanding EWM Class A Units such that the noncontrolling interest holders would continue to hold no less than of the outstanding units following the transaction. This transaction may be settled in cash, Evercore LP Units or Class A shares of the Company, at the Company s discretion. If the Company has not exercised its option prior to the end of the option period, or the noncontrolling interest holders continue to hold greater than of the outstanding units following the transaction, the noncontrolling interest holders may exchange their interests for Evercore LP Units, at fair value, sufficient to reduce their outstanding interest to . As of December 31, 2022, the EWM members held of the outstanding EWM Units. 
 
 85 

Table of Contents 
 EVERCORE INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (amounts in thousands, except per share amounts, unless otherwise noted) 

 Comprehensive Income: Net Income Attributable to Noncontrolling Interest Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) ) ) Total Comprehensive Income Evercore LP Units Exchanged for Class A Shares ) ) ) Amortization and Vesting of LP Units Other Items: Distributions to Noncontrolling Interests ) ) ) Issuance of Noncontrolling Interest Purchase of Noncontrolling Interest ) ) ) Total Other Items ) ) ) Ending balance 
 Other Comprehensive Income Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Attributed to Noncontrolling Interest includes unrealized gains (losses) on securities and investments, net, of , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and foreign currency translation adjustment gains (losses), net, of ), and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 The substantially complete liquidation of the Company's businesses in Mexico in 2020 resulted in the reclassification of of cumulative foreign currency translation losses from Noncontrolling Interest on the Consolidated Statement of Financial Condition to Other Revenue, Including Interest and Investments, on the Consolidated Statement of Operations for the year ended December 31, 2020. See Note 5 for further information. 
 LP Units Exchanged On February 24, 2022, the Company entered into an agreement (the "Exchange Agreement") with ISI Holding, Inc. ("ISI Holding"), the principal stockholder of which is Ed Hyman, an executive officer of the Company. Pursuant to the Exchange Agreement, ISI Holding exercised its existing conversion rights under the terms of the partnership agreement of Evercore LP to exchange (the "Exchange") all of the Class E LP Units owned by it for Class A Shares. Following the Exchange, ISI Holding liquidated and distributed the Class A Shares received in the Exchange to its stockholders in accordance with their ownership interests in ISI Holding. The parties have relied on the exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933 under Section 4(a)(2) thereof for the Exchange. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, LP Units were exchanged for Class A Shares, including the Class E LP Units described above. This resulted in a decrease to Noncontrolling Interest of and increases to Additional-Paid-In-Capital and Class A Common Stock of and , respectively, on the Company's Consolidated Statement of Financial Condition as of December 31, 2022. 
 In addition, and LP Units were exchanged for Class A Shares during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 See Note 15 for further information. 
 Interests Issued During 2021, certain employees of EWM purchased EWM Class A Units, at fair value, resulting in an increase to Noncontrolling Interest of on the Company's Consolidated Statement of Financial Condition as of December 31, 2021. 
 86 

Table of Contents 
 EVERCORE INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (amounts in thousands, except per share amounts, unless otherwise noted) 

 on the Company's Consolidated Statement of Financial Condition as of December 31, 2021. 
 Interests Purchased During 2022, the Company purchased, at fair value, an additional of the EWM Class A Units for . This purchase resulted in a decrease to Noncontrolling Interest of and a decrease to Additional-Paid-In-Capital of on the Company's Consolidated Statement of Financial Condition as of December 31, 2022. 
 During 2021, the Company purchased, at fair value, an additional of the EWM Class A Units for . This purchase resulted in a decrease to Noncontrolling Interest of and a decrease to Additional Paid-In-Capital of on the Company's Consolidated Statement of Financial Condition as of December 31, 2021. 
 On December 31, 2021, the Company purchased, at fair value, all of the outstanding Class R Interests of Private Capital Advisory L.P. from employees of the RECA business for . Consideration for this transaction included the payment of of cash in 2021, of cash in 2022, and contingent cash consideration which will be settled in early 2024. The fair value of the remaining contingent consideration is and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, of which is included within Other Current Liabilities on the Company's Consolidated Statement of Financial Condition as of December 31, 2022 and the remainder of which is included within Other Long-term Liabilities on the Company's Consolidated Statement of Financial Condition as of December 31, 2022. The amount of contingent consideration to be paid is dependent on the RECA business achieving certain revenue performance targets. The decline in the fair value of contingent consideration in 2022 reduced Other Operating Expenses by on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. The fair value of the contingent consideration reflects the present value of the expected payment due based on the current expectation for the business meeting the revenue performance targets. This purchase resulted in a decrease to Noncontrolling Interest of and a decrease to Additional Paid-In-Capital of on the Company s Consolidated Statement of Financial Condition on December 31, 2021. In conjunction with this transaction, the Company will also issue two separate payments in early 2023 and 2024, contingent on continued employment with the Company, and accordingly, will be treated as compensation expense for accounting purposes in the periods earned. These payments will also be dependent on the RECA business achieving certain revenue performance targets. 
 During 2020, the Company purchased, at fair value, an additional of the EWM Class A Units for (which was paid in cash of and during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively). This purchase resulted in a decrease to Noncontrolling Interest of and a decrease to Additional Paid-In-Capital of on the Company's Consolidated Statement of Financial Condition as of December 31, 2020. 
 
 Note 17 

87 

Table of Contents 
 EVERCORE INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (amounts in thousands, except per share amounts, unless otherwise noted) 

 Denominator: Weighted average Class A Shares outstanding, including vested RSUs Basic net income per share attributable to Evercore Inc. common shareholders Diluted Net Income Per Share Attributable to Evercore Inc. Common Shareholders Numerator: Net income attributable to Evercore Inc. common shareholders Noncontrolling interest related to the assumed exchange of LP Units for Class A Shares (1) 
 Associated corporate taxes related to the assumed elimination of Noncontrolling Interest described above (1) 
 Diluted net income attributable to Evercore Inc. common shareholders 
 Denominator: Weighted average Class A Shares outstanding, including vested RSUs Assumed exchange of LP Units for Class A Shares (1)(2) 
 Additional shares of the Company's common stock assumed to be issued pursuant to non-vested RSUs, as calculated using the Treasury Stock Method Shares that are contingently issuable (3) 
 Diluted weighted average Class A Shares outstanding Diluted net income per share attributable to Evercore Inc. common shareholders 
 (1) The Company has outstanding Class A, E, I and K LP Units, which give the holders the right to receive Class A Shares upon exchange on a -for-one basis. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, these LP Units were antidilutive and consequently the effect of their exchange into Class A Shares has been excluded from the calculation of diluted net income per share attributable to Evercore Inc. common shareholders. The units that would have been included in the denominator of the computation of diluted net income per share attributable to Evercore Inc. common shareholders if the effect would have been dilutive were , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The adjustment to the numerator, diluted net income attributable to Class A common shareholders, if the effect would have been dilutive, would have been , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. In computing this adjustment, the Company assumes that all Class A, E, I and K LP Units are converted into Class A Shares, that all earnings attributable to those shares are attributed to Evercore Inc. and that the Company is subject to the statutory tax rates of a C-Corporation under a conventional corporate tax structure in the U.S. at prevailing corporate tax rates. The Company does not anticipate that the Class A, E, I and K LP Units will result in a dilutive computation in future periods. 
 (2) The Company previously had outstanding Class J LP Units, which converted into Class E LP Units and ultimately became exchangeable into Class A Shares on a -for-one basis. As of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, Class J LP Units remained issued or outstanding. See Note 18 for further information. During the year ended December 31, 2020, the Class J LP Units were dilutive and consequently the effect of their exchange into Class A Shares has been included in the calculation of diluted net income per share attributable to Evercore Inc. common shareholders under the if-converted method. In computing this adjustment, the Company assumes that all Class J LP Units are converted into Class A Shares. 
 88 

Table of Contents 
 EVERCORE INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (amounts in thousands, except per share amounts, unless otherwise noted) 

The shares of Class B common stock have no right to receive dividends or a distribution on liquidation or winding up of the Company. The shares of Class B common stock do not share in the earnings of the Company and no earnings are allocable to such class. Accordingly, basic and diluted net income per share of Class B common stock have not been presented. 
 
 Note 18 
 Class H limited partnership interests of Evercore LP for vested of which were subject to certain liquidated damages and continued employment provisions) and unvested Class J LP Units. These units converted into an equal amount of Class E LP Units, and became exchangeable into Class A Shares of the Company, ratably, on February 15, 2018, 2019 and 2020. Compensation expense related to the Class J LP Units was for the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 On February 15, 2020, Class J LP Units vested and were converted to an equal amount of Class E LP Units. Following the conversion, Class J LP Units remain issued and outstanding. 
 Class I-P Units In November 2016, the Company awarded Class I-P Units in conjunction with the appointment of the Chief Executive Officer (then Executive Chairman). These Class I-P Units converted into Class I LP Units (which are exchangeable on a -for-one basis to Class A Shares) upon the achievement of certain market and service conditions on March 1, 2022. Compensation expense related to this award was , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively . 
 Class K-P Units The Company has awarded the following Class K-P Units: 
 In November 2017, the Company awarded Class K-P Units to an employee of the Company. These Class K-P Units converted into Class K LP Units (which are exchangeable on a -for-one basis to Class A Shares) upon the achievement of certain defined benchmark results relating to the employee's business and continued service through December 31, 2021. 
 In June 2019, the Company awarded Class K-P Units to an employee of the Company. These Class K-P Units convert into a number of Class K LP Units (which are exchangeable on a -for-one basis to Class A Shares) contingent and based upon the achievement of certain defined benchmark results relating to the employee's business and continued service through February 4, 2023 for the first tranche, which consists of Class K-P Units, and February 4, 2028 for the second tranche, which consists of Class K-P Units. 
 In February 2023, the first tranche of Class K-P Units converted into Class K LP Units upon the achievement of certain performance conditions and service conditions. 
 In December 2021, the Company awarded Class K-P Units to certain employees of the Company. These Class K-P Units convert into a number of Class K LP Units (which are exchangeable on a -for-one basis to Class A Shares) contingent and based upon the achievement of certain market conditions, defined benchmark results and continued service through December 31, 2025. As this award contains market, performance and service conditions, the expense for this award will be recognized over the service period of the award and will reflect the fair value of the underlying units as determined at the award's grant date, taking into account the probable outcome of the market condition being achieved, as well as the probable outcome of the performance condition. 
 89 

Table of Contents 
 EVERCORE INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (amounts in thousands, except per share amounts, unless otherwise noted) 

 Class K-P Units to an employee of the Company. These Class K-P Units are segregated into four tranches of Class K-P Units each. The first three tranches convert into a number of Class K LP Units (which are exchangeable on a -for-one basis to Class A Shares) contingent and based upon the achievement of certain market conditions and continued service through February 28, 2025, 2026 and 2027, respectively, while the final tranche converts into a number of Class K LP Units (which are exchangeable on a -for-one basis to Class A Shares) contingent and based upon the achievement of certain market conditions, defined benchmark results relating to the employee's business and continued service through February 28, 2028. As this award contains market, performance and service conditions, the expense for this award will be recognized over the service period of the award and will reflect the fair value of the underlying units as determined at the award's grant date, taking into account the probable outcome of the market condition being achieved, as well as the probable outcome of the performance condition. 
 These Class K-P Units in the aggregate may convert into a maximum of Class K LP Units, contingent upon the achievement of certain defined benchmarks and continued service, as described above. The Company determined the grant date fair value of these awards probable to vest as of December 31, 2022 to be , related to Class K LP Units which were probable of achievement, and recognizes expense for these units over the respective service periods. Aggregate compensation expense related to the Class K-P Units was , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the total compensation cost not yet recognized related to the Class K-P Units, including awards which are subject to performance conditions, based on the value of units currently expected to vest, was . The weighted-average period over which this compensation cost is expected to be recognized is months. 
 Class L Interests In April 2021 and January 2022, the Company's Board of Directors approved the issuance of Class L Interests in Evercore LP ("Class L Interests") to certain of the named executive officers of the Company, pursuant to which the named executive officers received a discretionary distribution of profits from Evercore LP, which was paid in the first quarter of 2022 and 2023, respectively. Distributions pursuant to these interests were made in lieu of any cash incentive compensation payments which may otherwise have been made to the named executive officers of the Company in respect of their service for 2021 and 2022, respectively. Following the distribution, these Class L Interests were cancelled pursuant to their terms. 
 The Company records expense related to these interests as part of its accrual for incentive compensation within Employee Compensation and Benefits on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 In January 2023, the Company's Board of Directors approved the issuance of Class L Interests to certain of the named executive officers of the Company, pursuant to which the named executive officers may receive a discretionary distribution of profits from Evercore LP, to be paid in the first quarter of 2024. Distributions pursuant to these interests are anticipated to be made in lieu of any cash incentive compensation payments which may otherwise have been made to the named executive officers of the Company in respect of their service for 2023. 
 Stock Incentive Plan 
 In 2006 the Company's stockholders and board of directors adopted the Evercore Inc. 2006 Stock Incentive Plan. The total number of Class A Shares which could be issued under this plan was . During the second quarter of 2013, the Company's stockholders approved the Amended and Restated 2006 Evercore Inc. Stock Incentive Plan. The amended and restated plan, among other things, authorized an additional shares of the Company's Class A Shares. 
 During 2016, the Company's stockholders approved the Amended and Restated 2016 Evercore Inc. Stock Incentive Plan (the "2016 Plan"). The 2016 Plan, among other things, authorized an additional shares of the Company's Class A Shares. 
 During 2020, the Company's stockholders approved the Amended and Restated 2016 Evercore Inc. Stock Incentive Plan (the "Amended 2016 Plan"), which amended the prior Amended and Restated 2016 Evercore Inc. Stock Incentive Plan. The Amended 2016 Plan, among other things, authorized an additional shares of the Company's Class A Shares. 
 During 2022, the Company's stockholders approved the Second Amended and Restated 2016 Evercore Inc. Stock Incentive Plan (the "Second Amended 2016 Plan"), which amended the Amended 2016 Plan. The Second Amended 2016 Plan, among other things, authorizes an additional shares of the Company's Class A Shares. The Second Amended 2016 Plan permits the Company to grant to certain employees, directors and consultants incentive stock options, non-qualified stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, RSUs and other awards based on the Company's Class A Shares. The 
 90 

Table of Contents 
 EVERCORE INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (amounts in thousands, except per share amounts, unless otherwise noted) 

 as of December 31, 2022, approximately of which were used for RSUs granted in the first quarter of 2023, as described below. 
 The Company also grants, at its discretion, dividend equivalents, in the form of unvested RSU awards, or deferred cash dividends, concurrently with the payment of dividends to the holders of Class A Shares, on all unvested RSU grants. The dividend equivalents have the same vesting and delivery terms as the underlying RSU award. 
 The Company estimates forfeitures in the aggregate compensation cost to be amortized over the requisite service period of its awards. The Company periodically monitors its estimated forfeiture rate and adjusts its assumptions to the actual occurrence of forfeited awards. A change in estimated forfeitures is recognized through a cumulative adjustment in the period of the change. 
 The Company had RSUs which were fully vested but not delivered as of December 31, 2022. 
 Equity Grants 
 2022 Equity Grants. During 2022, pursuant to the above Stock Incentive Plans, the Company granted employees RSUs that are Service-based Awards. Service-based Awards granted during 2022 had grant date fair values of to per share, with an average value of per share and generally vest ratably over . 
 Granted Modified Forfeited ) ) Vested ) ) Unvested Balance at December 31, 2022 
 Compensation expense related to Service-based Awards was for the year ended December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, the total compensation cost related to unvested Service-based Awards not yet recognized was . The ultimate amount of such expense is dependent upon the actual number of Service-based Awards that vest. The Company periodically assesses the forfeiture rates used for such estimates. The weighted-average period over which this compensation cost is expected to be recognized is months. 
 2021 Equity Grants. During 2021, pursuant to the above Stock Incentive Plans, the Company granted employees RSUs that are Service-based Awards. Service-based Awards granted during 2021 had grant date fair values of to per share, with an average value of per share, for an aggregate fair value of . During 2021, Service-based Awards vested and Service-based Awards were forfeited. Compensation expense related to Service-based Awards was for the year ended December 31, 2021 . 
 2020 Equity Grants. During 2020, pursuant to the above Stock Incentive Plans, the Company granted employees RSUs that are Service-based Awards. Service-based Awards granted during 2020 had grant date fair values of to per share, with an average value of per share, for an aggregate fair value of . During 2020, Service-based Awards vested and Service-based Awards were forfeited. Compensation expense related to Service-based Awards was f or the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 Deferred Cash 
 Deferred Cash Compensation Program The Company's deferred cash compensation program provides participants the ability to elect to receive a portion of their deferred compensation in cash, which is indexed to notional investment portfolios 
 91 

Table of Contents 
 EVERCORE INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (amounts in thousands, except per share amounts, unless otherwise noted) 

 and requires payment upon vesting. The Company granted , , and of deferred cash awards pursuant to the deferred cash compensation program during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. 
 Compensation expense related to the Company's deferred cash compensation program was , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, the Company expects to pay an aggregate of related to the Company's deferred cash compensation program at various dates through 2026 and total compensation expense not yet recognized related to these awards was . The weighted-average period over which this compensation cost is expected to be recognized is months. Amounts due pursuant to this program are expensed over the service period of the award and are reflected in Accrued Compensation and Benefits on the Consolidated Statement of Financial Condition. 
 Other Deferred Cash Awards In November 2016, the Company granted a restricted cash award in conjunction with the appointment of the Chief Executive Officer (then Executive Chairman) with a target payment amount of , of which vested on March 1, 2019, vested on each of March 1, 2020, 2021 and 2022, and is scheduled to vest on March 1, 2023, provided that the Chief Executive Officer continues to remain employed through such vesting date, subject to vesting upon specified termination events (including retirement, upon satisfying certain eligibility criteria, on or following May 1, 2019, subject to a prior written notice requirement) or a change in control. The Company had the discretion to increase (by an amount up to or decrease (by an amount up to the total amount payable under this award. 
 In 2017, the Company granted deferred cash awards of to certain employees. These awards vested in equal installments over the period ending June 30, 2022, subject to continued employment. The Company recognized expense for these awards ratably over the vesting period. 
 During 2022, the Company granted of deferred cash awards to certain employees. These awards vest ratably over one to . 
 In addition, the Company periodically grants other deferred cash awards to certain employees. The Company recognizes expense for these awards ratably over the vesting period. 
 Compensation expense related to other deferred cash awards was , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, the total compensation cost related to other defe rred cash awards not yet recognized was . The weighted-average period over which this compensation cost is expected to be recognized is months. 
 2023 Equity and Deferred Cash Grants 
 During the first quarter of 2023, as part of the 2022 annual awards, the Company granted to certain employees approximately unvested RSUs pursuant to the Second Amended 2016 Plan, with a grant date fair value of approximately . These awards will generally vest over . In addition, during the first quarter of 2023, the Company granted approximately of deferred cash compensation to certain employees, principally pursuant to the deferred cash compensation program. These awards will generally vest over . 
 Long-term Incentive Plan 
 The Company's Long-term Incentive Plan provides for incentive compensation awards to Advisory Senior Managing Directors, excluding executive officers of the Company, who exceed defined benchmark results over performance periods beginning January 1, 2017 (the "2017 Long-term Incentive Plan") and January 1, 2021 (the "2021 Long-term Incentive Plan", which was approved by the Company's Board of Directors in April 2021 and modified in July 2021). Remaining amounts due pursuant to the 2017 and 2021 Long-term Incentive Plans, which aggregate of current liabilities and of long-term liabilities on the Consolidated Statement of Financial Condition as of December 31, 2022, are due to be paid, in cash or Class A Shares, at the Company's discretion, in the first quarter of 2023 (for the 2017 Long-term Incentive Plan), and in the first quarter of 2025, 2026 and 2027 (for the 2021 Long-term Incentive Plan), subject to employment at the time of payment. The performance period for the 2017 Long-term Incentive Plan ended on December 31, 2020. In conjunction with this plan, the Company distributed cash payments of in the year ended December 31, 2022, and in the year ended December 31, 2021 (including the first cash distribution made in March 2021 pursuant to the 2017 Long-term Incentive Plan of , and an additional cash distribution made in December 2021 of , related to the acceleration of certain amounts due in the first quarter of 2022). Awards issued under the 2017 Long-term Incentive Plan are subject to retirement eligibility 
 92 

Table of Contents 
 EVERCORE INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (amounts in thousands, except per share amounts, unless otherwise noted) 

 , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the total remaining expense to be recognized for the 2017 Long-term Incentive Plan over the future vesting period ending March 15, 2023 is . As of December 31, 2022, the total remaining expense to be recognized for the 2021 Long-term Incentive Plan over the future vesting period ending March 15, 2027, based on the current anticipated probable payout for the plan, is . 
 Employee Loans Receivable 
 Periodically, the Company provides new and existing employees with cash payments in the form of loans and/or other cash awards which are subject to ratable vesting terms with service requirements ranging from one to and in certain circumstances, subject to the achievement of performance requirements. Generally, these awards, based on the terms, include a requirement of either full or partial repayment by the employee if the service or other requirements of the agreements with the Company are not achieved. In circumstances where the employee meets the Company's minimum credit standards, the Company amortizes these awards to compensation expense over the relevant service period, which is generally the period they are subject to forfeiture. Compensation expense related to these awards was , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, the total compensation cost not yet recognized related to these awards was . 
 Other 
 The total income tax benefit related to share-based compensation arrangements recognized in the Company's Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was , and , respectively. 
 Separation and Transition Benefits 
 Termination Costs Incurred Cash Benefits Paid ) ) Non-Cash Charges ) ) Ending Balance 
 In conjunction with the ongoing wind-down of the Company's administrative functions in Mexico, for the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company incurred expenses related to separation benefits of , which are recorded within Special Charges, Including Business Realignment Costs, on the Company's Consolidated Statement of Operations and are included within the above Termination Costs. See Notes 5 and 6 for further information. 
 In addition to the above Termination Costs incurred, for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company also incurred expenses related to the acceleration of the amortization of share-based payments previously granted to affected employees of and , respectively, (related to and RSUs, respectively) recorded in Employee Compensation and Benefits, within the Investment Banking Equities segment, on the Company's Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 
 Note 19 
 to private equity funds. These commitments will be funded as required through the end of each private equity fund's investment period, subject to certain conditions. Such commitments are satisfied in cash and are generally required to be made as investment opportunities are consummated by the private equity funds. 
 93 

Table of Contents 
 EVERCORE INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (amounts in thousands, except per share amounts, unless otherwise noted) 

 , to be used for working capital and other corporate activities. This facility is secured by East's accounts receivable and the proceeds therefrom, as well as certain assets of EGL, including certain of EGL's accounts receivable. In addition, the agreement contains certain reporting covenants, as well as certain debt covenants that prohibit East and the Company from incurring other indebtedness, subject to specified exceptions. The Company and its consolidated subsidiaries were in compliance with these covenants as of December 31, 2022. The interest rate provisions are LIBOR (or an applicable benchmark replacement) plus basis points and the maturity date is October 28, 2023. There were drawings under this facility at December 31, 2022. 
 East entered into an additional loan agreement with PNC for a revolving credit facility in an aggregate principal amount, as amended on October 29, 2021, of up to , to be used for working capital and other corporate activities. This facility is unsecured. In addition, the agreement contains certain reporting requirements and debt covenants consistent with the Existing PNC Facility. The Company and its consolidated subsidiaries were in compliance with these covenants as of December 31, 2022. Drawings under this facility bear interest at LIBOR (or an applicable benchmark replacement) plus basis points and the maturity date is October 28, 2023. East is only permitted to borrow under this facility if there is no undrawn availability under the Existing PNC Facility and must repay indebtedness under this facility prior to repaying indebtedness under the Existing PNC Facility. There were drawings under this facility at December 31, 2022. 
 EGL entered into a subordinated revolving credit facility with PNC in an aggregate principal amount, as amended on October 31, 2022, of up to , to be used as needed in support of capital requirements from time to time of EGL. This facility is unsecured and is guaranteed by Evercore LP and other affiliates, pursuant to a guaranty agreement, which provides for certain reporting requirements and debt covenants consistent with the Existing PNC Facility. The interest rate provisions are Daily SOFR plus basis points and the maturity date is October 27, 2024. There were drawings under this facility at December 31, 2022. 
 In addition, EGL's clearing broker provides temporary funding for the settlement of securities transactions. 
 Tax Receivable Agreement As of December 31, 2022, the Company estimates the contractual obligations related to the Tax Receivable Agreement to be . The Company expects to pay to the counterparties to the Tax Receivable Agreement within one year or less, in one to three years, in three to five years and after five years. 
 Other Commitments The Company has a commitment for contingent consideration related to the purchase of the outstanding Class R Interests of Private Capital Advisory L.P. from employees of the RECA business in 2021. The Company s consideration for this transaction included contingent cash consideration which will be settled in 2024. The remaining contingent consideration had a fair value of and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, of which is included within Other Current Liabilities on the Consolidated Statement of Financial Condition as of December 31, 2022, and the remainder of which is included within Other Long-term Liabilities on the Consolidated Statement of Financial Condition as of December 31, 2022. The amount of contingent consideration to be paid is dependent on the RECA business achieving certain revenue performance targets. See Note 16 for further information. 
 The Company enters into commitments to pay contingent consideration related to certain of its acquisitions. The Company paid and of its commitment for contingent consideration related to its acquisition of Kuna Co, KG during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The contingent consideration was fully paid as of December 31, 2021. 
 Restricted Cash 
 Restricted Cash included in Other Assets Total Cash, Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash shown in the Statement of Cash Flows 
 94 

Table of Contents 
 EVERCORE INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (amounts in thousands, except per share amounts, unless otherwise noted) 

 as an economic hedge against the Company's deferred cash compensation program. This contract settled in June 2020. In accordance with ASC 815, this contract was carried at fair value, with changes in fair value recorded in Other Revenue, Including Interest and Investments , on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. The Company had realized losses of for the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 Contingencies 

Note 20 
 . EGL's regulatory net capital as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively, which exceeded the minimum net capital requirement by and , respectively. 
 Certain other non-U.S. subsidiaries are subject to various securities and banking regulations and capital adequacy requirements promulgated by the regulatory and exchange authorities of the countries in which they operate. These subsidiaries are in excess of their local capital adequacy requirements at December 31, 2022. 
 in Tier 1 capital in ETC (or such other amount as the OCC may require) and maintain liquid assets in ETC in an amount at least equal to the greater of or days coverage of ETC's operating expenses. The Company was in compliance with the aforementioned agreements as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Note 21 
 and , respectively. 
 Additionally, the Company is subject to the income tax effects associated with the global intangible low-taxed income ("GILTI") provisions in the period incurred. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, no additional income tax expense associated with the GILTI provisions has been recognized. 
 
 95 

Table of Contents 
 EVERCORE INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (amounts in thousands, except per share amounts, unless otherwise noted) 

 Non-U.S. Income before Income Tax Expense (1) 
 
 (1) Net of Noncontrolling Interest. 
 
 Foreign State and Local Total Current Deferred: Federal Foreign ) ) State and Local Total Deferred ) Total 
 Increase Due to State and Local Taxes Rate Benefits as a Limited Liability Company/Flow Through ) ) ) Foreign Taxes ) Non-Deductible Expenses (1) 
 ASU 2016-09 Benefit for Stock Compensation ) ) Valuation Allowances ) ) Other Adjustments ) Effective Income Tax Rate 
 (1) Primarily related to non-deductible share-based compensation expense. 
 The effective tax rate for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 reflects the application of ASU 2016-09, "Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting" ("ASU 2016-09"), which requires that the tax deduction associated with the appreciation or depreciation in the Company's share price upon vesting of employee share-based awards above or below the original grant price be reflected in income tax expense. The Company's Provision for Income Taxes reflects an additional tax benefit of and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, related to the application of ASU 2016-09, and an additional tax expense of for the year ended December 31, 2020, and resulted in a reduction in the effective tax rate of and percentage points for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The effective tax rate for 2022, 2021 and 2020 also reflects the effect of certain nondeductible expenses, including expenses related to Class E and J LP Units and Class I-P and K-P Units, as well as the noncontrolling interest associated with LP Units and other adjustments. 
 96 

Table of Contents 
 EVERCORE INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (amounts in thousands, except per share amounts, unless otherwise noted) 

Compensation and Benefits Step up in tax basis due to the exchange of LP Units for Class A Shares (1) 
 Step up in tax basis due to the exchange of LP Units for Class A Shares (2) 
 Operating Lease Other Total Deferred Tax Assets Deferred Tax Liabilities: Operating Lease Goodwill, Intangible Assets and Other Total Deferred Tax Liabilities Net Deferred Tax Assets Before Valuation Allowance Valuation Allowance ) ) Net Deferred Tax Assets 
 (1) Step-up in the tax basis associated with the exchange of LP Units for holders which have a tax receivable agreement. 
 (2) Step-up in the tax basis associated with the exchange of LP Units for holders which do not have a tax receivable agreement. 
 The increase in net deferred tax assets from December 31, 2021 to December 31, 2022 was primarily related to additions to deferred compensation expense exceeding the grant date value of prior awards which vested during the period, included in Compensation and Benefits, and the excess amortization over the current year step-up in the basis of the tangible and intangible assets of Evercore LP, as discussed below. In addition, as of December 31, 2022, management weighted both the positive and negative evidence and concluded that it was appropriate to increase the valuation allowance by , which is primarily attributable to the wind-down of our administrative functions in Mexico. 
 During 2022, the LP holders exchanged Class A and Class E LP Units for Class A Shares, which resulted in an increase in the tax basis of the tangible and intangible assets of Evercore LP. The exchange of certain Class E and Class A LP Units resulted in a step-up in the tax basis of the tangible and intangible assets of Evercore LP and a corresponding increase to Additional Paid-In-Capital on the Company's Consolidated Statement of Financial Condition as of December 31, 2022. Further, there was an exchange of Class A LP Units that triggered an additional liability under the Tax Receivable Agreement that was entered into in 2006 between the Company and the LP Unit holders for the year ended December 31, 2022. The agreement provides for a payment to the LP Unit holders of of the cash tax savings (if any), resulting from the increased tax benefits from the exchange and for the Company to retain of such benefits. Accordingly, Deferred Tax Assets, Amounts Due Pursuant to Tax Receivable Agreements and Additional Paid-In-Capital increased , and , respectively, on the Company's Consolidated Statement of Financial Condition as of December 31, 2022. See Note 15 for further discussion. 
 The Company recorded a decrease in deferred tax assets of associated with changes in Unrealized Gain (Loss) on Securities and Investments and an increase of associated with changes in Foreign Currency Translation Adjustment Gain (Loss), in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the year ended December 31, 2022. The Company recorded an increase in deferred tax assets of associated with changes in Unrealized Gain (Loss) on Securities and 
 97 

Table of Contents 
 EVERCORE INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (amounts in thousands, except per share amounts, unless otherwise noted) 

 associated with changes in Foreign Currency Translation Adjustment Gain (Loss), in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Additions for tax positions of prior years Reductions for tax positions of prior years Lapse of Statute of Limitations ) ) Decrease due to settlement with Taxing Authority Ending unrecognized tax benefit 
 The Company classifies interest relating to tax matters and tax penalties as a component of income tax expense in its Consolidated Statements of Operations. As of December 31, 2022, there were of unrecognized tax benefits that, if recognized, would affect the effective tax rate. Related to the unrecognized tax benefits, the Company accrued interest and penalties of and , respectively, during the year ended December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2021, there were of unrecognized tax benefits that, if recognized, would affect the effective tax rate. Related to the unrecognized tax benefits, the Company accrued interest and penalties of and , respectively, during the year ended December 31, 2021. In addition, during the year ended December 31, 2021, of unrecognized tax benefits were recognized by the Company as a result of a lapse in the statute of limitations, of which affected the effective tax rate. In addition, during the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company also recognized a tax benefit for accrued interest and penalties of and ), respectively, associated with the lapse in the statute of limitations. As of December 31, 2020, there were of unrecognized tax benefits that, if recognized, would affect the effective tax rate. 
 The Company is subject to taxation in the U.S. and various state, local and foreign jurisdictions. The Company and its affiliates are currently under examination by the U.S. Internal Revenue Service for tax year 2019, Illinois for tax years 2018 through 2019 and New York City for tax years 2014 through 2017. With a few exceptions, the Company is no longer subject to U.S. federal, state, local or foreign examinations by taxing authorities for years before 2017. 
 
 Note 22 
 days of invoice, with the exception of placement fees, which are generally collected within days of invoice, and fees related to private funds 
 98 

Table of Contents 
 EVERCORE INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (amounts in thousands, except per share amounts, unless otherwise noted) 

 . The collection period for restructuring transaction receivables may exceed days. Receivables that are collected in a period exceeding are reflected in Other Assets on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, total receivables recorded in Accounts Receivable amounted to and , respectively, net of an allowance, and total receivables recorded in Other Assets amounted to and , respectively. The Company recorded bad debt expense of and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2020, respectively, and reversed bad debt expense of for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Other Current Assets and Other Assets include arrangements in which an estimate of variable consideration has been included in the transaction price and thereby recognized as revenue that precedes the contractual due date (contract assets). As of December 31, 2022, total contract assets recorded in Other Current Assets and Other Assets amounted to and , respectively. As of December 31, 2021, total contract assets recorded in Other Current Assets and Other Assets amounted to and , respectively. 
 With respect to the Company's Investment Securities portfolio, which is comprised of treasury bills and notes, exchange-traded funds and securities investments, the Company manages its credit risk exposure by limiting concentration risk and maintaining investment grade credit quality. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had Investment Securities of , of which were U.S. treasury bills and notes and were equity securities and exchange-traded funds, and Certificates of Deposit of with financial institutions with high credit ratings. 

Note 23 
 segments: Investment Banking Equities and Investment Management. The Investment Banking Equities segment includes providing advice to clients on significant mergers, acquisitions, divestitures and other strategic corporate transactions, as well as services related to securities underwriting, private placement services and commissions for agency-based equity trading services and equity research. During 2022, the Company renamed its "Investment Banking" segment to "Investment Banking Equities." The renaming of this segment did not result from changes to the overall business structure or reporting. The Investment Management segment includes Wealth Management and interests in private equity funds which are not managed by the Company, and the historical results include Institutional Asset Management. The Company completed the sales of its ECB businesses in 2020. In addition, in 2020, the Company completed the transition of its advisory presence in Mexico to a strategic alliance relationship with a newly-formed independent strategic advisory firm founded by certain former employees. See Note 5 for further information. 
 The Company's segment information for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 is prepared using the following methodology: 
 Revenue, expenses and income (loss) from equity method investments directly associated with each segment are included in determining pre-tax income. 
 Expenses not directly associated with specific segments are allocated based on the most relevant measures applicable, including headcount, square footage and other performance and time-based factors. 
 Segment assets are based on those directly associated with each segment, or for certain assets shared across segments, those assets are allocated based on the most relevant measures applicable, including headcount and other factors. 
 Investment gains and losses, interest income and interest expense are allocated between the segments based on the segment in which the underlying asset or liability is held. 
 Other Revenue, net, included in each segment's Net Revenues includes the following: 
 Interest income and income (losses) on investment securities, including the Company's investment funds and futures contracts which are used as an economic hedge against the Company's deferred cash compensation program, certificates of deposit, cash and cash equivalents, long-term accounts receivable and on the Company s debt security investment in G5 (through June 25, 2021, the date G5 repaid its outstanding debentures with the Company in full. See Note 10 for further information.) 
 99 

Table of Contents 
 EVERCORE INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (amounts in thousands, except per share amounts, unless otherwise noted) 

100 

Table of Contents 
 EVERCORE INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (amounts in thousands, except per share amounts, unless otherwise noted) 

 Operating Expenses Other Expenses (2) 
 Operating Income Income from Equity Method Investments Pre-Tax Income Identifiable Segment Assets Investment Management Net Revenues (1) 
 Operating Expenses Other Expenses (2) 
 Operating Income (Loss) ) Income from Equity Method Investments Pre-Tax Income Identifiable Segment Assets Total Net Revenues (1) 
 Operating Expenses Other Expenses (2) 
 Operating Income Income from Equity Method Investments Pre-Tax Income Identifiable Segment Assets 
 101 

Table of Contents 
 EVERCORE INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (amounts in thousands, except per share amounts, unless otherwise noted) ) Investment Management (B) 
 ) ) Total Other Revenue, net ) ) 
 (A) Other Revenue, net, from the Investment Banking Equities segment includes interest expense on the Notes Payable and lines of credit of , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Other Revenue, net, also includes a loss of related to the release of cumulative foreign exchange losses resulting from the sale and wind-down of the Company's businesses in Mexico for the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 (B) Other Revenue, net, from the Investment Management segment includes a net loss of related to the sale of the Company's ECB businesses and a loss of related to the release of cumulative foreign exchange losses resulting from the sale and wind-down of the Company's businesses in Mexico for the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 (2) Other Expenses are as follows: 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Investment Banking Equities Amortization of LP Units and Certain Other Awards Special Charges, Including Business Realignment Costs Acquisition and Transition Costs Intangible Asset and Other Amortization Total Investment Banking Equities Investment Management Special Charges, Including Business Realignment Costs Acquisition and Transition Costs Total Investment Management Total Other Expenses 
 Geographic Information The Company manages its business based on the profitability of the enterprise as a whole. 
 Europe and Other Latin America Total 
 (1) Excludes Other Revenue, Including Interest and Investments, and Interest Expense. 
 102 

Table of Contents 
 EVERCORE INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (amounts in thousands, except per share amounts, unless otherwise noted) 

 Europe and Other Total 
 103 

Table of Contents 
 EVERCORE INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (amounts in thousands, except per share amounts, unless otherwise noted) 

 Note 24 
 Deferred Tax Assets Goodwill Other Assets TOTAL ASSETS LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY Liabilities Current Liabilities Payable to Related Party Taxes Payable Other Current Liabilities Total Current Liabilities Amounts Due Pursuant to Tax Receivable Agreements Long-term Debt - Notes Payable TOTAL LIABILITIES Stockholders' Equity Common Stock Class A, par value per share shares authorized, and issued at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively) 
 Class B, par value per share shares authorized, and issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively) 
 Additional Paid-In-Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) ) ) Retained Earnings Treasury Stock at Cost and shares at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively) 
 ) ) TOTAL STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 
 
 See notes to parent company only financial statements. 

104 

Table of Contents 
 EVERCORE INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (amounts in thousands, except per share amounts, unless otherwise noted) 

 TOTAL REVENUES Interest Expense NET REVENUES EXPENSES TOTAL EXPENSES OPERATING INCOME Equity in Income of Subsidiary Provision for Income Taxes NET INCOME 
 See notes to parent company only financial statements. 

105 

Table of Contents 
 EVERCORE INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (amounts in thousands, except per share amounts, unless otherwise noted) 

 Adjustments to Reconcile Net Income to Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Operating Activities: Undistributed Income of Subsidiary ) ) ) Deferred Taxes Accretion on Long-term Debt (Increase) Decrease in Operating Assets: Other Assets ) ) Increase (Decrease) in Operating Liabilities: Taxes Payable ) Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Operating Activities ) ) ) CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES Investment in Subsidiary Net Cash Provided by Investing Activities CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES Payment of Notes Payable ) ) Issuance of Notes Payable Dividends ) ) ) Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Financing Activities ) ) ) NET INCREASE (DECREASE) IN CASH, CASH EQUIVALENTS AND RESTRICTED CASH CASH, CASH EQUIVALENTS AND RESTRICTED CASH Beginning of Year CASH, CASH EQUIVALENTS AND RESTRICTED CASH End of Year SUPPLEMENTAL CASH FLOW DISCLOSURE Accrued Dividends 
 See notes to parent company only financial statements. 

106 

Table of Contents 
 EVERCORE INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (amounts in thousands, except per share amounts, unless otherwise noted) 

 shares of Class A common stock ("Class A Shares"), par value per share, and shares of Class B common stock, par value per share. All Class A Shares and shares of Class B common stock vote together as a single class. At December 31, 2022, the Company has issued Class A Shares. The Company canceled shares of Class B common stock, which were held by limited partners of Evercore LP, and granted share of Class B common stock during 2022. During 2022, the Company purchased Class A Shares from employees at an average cost per share of , primarily for the net settlement of stock-based compensation awards, and Class A Shares at an average cost per share of pursuant to the Company's share repurchase program. The result of these purchases was an increase in Treasury Stock of on the Company's Statement of Financial Condition as of December 31, 2022. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company declared and paid dividends of per share, totaling , which were wholly funded by the Company's sole subsidiary, Evercore LP, and accrued deferred cash dividends on unvested RSUs, totaling . During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company also paid deferred cash dividends of , which were wholly funded by the Company's sole subsidiary, Evercore LP. Dividends are paid and treasury shares are repurchased by a subsidiary of Evercore Inc. 
 As discussed in Note 18 to the consolidated financial statements, both the Evercore LP partnership units and restricted stock units are exchangeable into Class A Shares on a -for-one basis once vested. 
 Note D Issuance of Notes Payable 
 On March 30, 2016, the Company issued an aggregate of of senior notes (the "2016 Private Placement Notes"), including: aggregate principal amount of its Series A senior notes which were due March 30, 2021 (the "Series A Notes"), aggregate principal amount of its Series B senior notes due March 30, 2023 (the "Series B Notes"), aggregate principal amount of its Series C senior notes due March 30, 2026 and aggregate principal amount of its Series D senior notes due March 30, 2028, pursuant to a note purchase agreement dated as of March 30, 2016, among the Company and the purchasers party thereto in a private placement exempt from registration under the Securities Act of 1933. In March 2021, the Company repaid the aggregate principal amount of its Series A Notes. On June 28, 2022, the Company prepaid the aggregate principal amount of its Series B Notes plus the applicable make-whole amount. 
 On August 1, 2019, the Company issued and of senior unsecured notes (the "2019 Private Placement Notes"), through private placement. These notes reflect a weighted average life of years and a weighted average stated interest rate of . These notes include: aggregate principal amount of its Series E senior notes due August 1, 2029, aggregate principal amount of its Series F senior notes due August 1, 2031, aggregate principal amount of its Series G senior notes due August 1, 2033 and aggregate principal amount of its 
 107 

Table of Contents 
 EVERCORE INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (amounts in thousands, except per share amounts, unless otherwise noted) 

 aggregate principal amount of its Series I senior notes due August 1, 2025 (the "2021 Private Placement Notes"), pursuant to a note purchase agreement dated as of March 29, 2021, among the Company and the purchasers party thereto in a private placement exempt from registration under the Securities Act of 1933. 
 On June 28, 2022, the Company issued aggregate principal amount of its Series J senior notes due November 15, 2028 (the "2022 Private Placement Notes"), pursuant to a note purchase agreement dated as of June 28, 2022, among the Company and the purchasers party thereto in a private placement exempt from registration under the Securities Act of 1933. 
 Note E Commitments and Contingencies 
 As of December 31, 2022, as discussed in Note 13 to the consolidated financial statements, future payments required related to the 2016, 2019, 2021 and 2022 Private Placement Notes are . Pursuant to the 2016, 2019, 2021 and 2022 Private Placement Notes, the Company expects to make payments to the notes' holders of within one year or less, in one to three years, in three to five years and after five years. 
 . The company expects to pay to the counterparties to the Tax Receivable Agreement within one year or less, in one to three years, in three to five years and after five years. 

108 

Table of Contents 

 SUPPLEMENTAL FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 Not applicable. 
 
 109 

Table of Contents 

 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 None. 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 Conclusion Regarding the Effectiveness of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to Rule 13a-15 under the Exchange Act as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based upon that evaluation and subject to the foregoing, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of the end of the period covered by this report, the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act) were effective to accomplish their objectives at the reasonable assurance level. 
 Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is identified in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). Management has assessed the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission , commonly referred to as the "COSO" criteria. Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company's internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 In making the assessment, management used the framework in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) promulgated by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission . Based on that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that our internal controls over financial reporting were effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 The Company's independent registered public accounting firm has issued its written attestation report on the Company's internal control over financial reporting, as included below. 

110 

Table of Contents 

 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 To the Stockholders and Board of Directors of 
 Evercore Inc. 
 New York, New York 
 
 Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of Evercore Inc. and subsidiaries (the "Company") as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO. 
 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022, of the Company and our report dated February 24, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on those consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 The Company's management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company's internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of consolidated financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company's internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of consolidated financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company's assets that could have a material effect on the consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

/s/ DELOITTE TOUCHE LLP 
 
 New York, New York 
 February 24, 2023 
 
 111 

Table of Contents 

Changes in Internal Controls over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have not made any changes during the three months ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act). 

112 

Table of Contents 

 Item 9B. Other Information 
 None. 
 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 Not applicable. 
 113 

Table of Contents 

 PART III 
 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 The information regarding directors and executive officers set forth under the caption "Election of Directors" and "Executive Officers" in the Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference. 
 The information regarding compliance with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act set forth under the caption "Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance" in the Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference. 
 The information regarding our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, our audit committee and our audit committee financial expert under the caption "Corporate Governance" in the Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference. 
 The Company posts its Code of Business Conduct and Ethics on the Corporate Governance webpage within the For Investors section of its website at http://investors.evercore.com under the link "Governance Documents." The Company's Code of Business Conduct and Ethics applies to all directors, officers and employees, including our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, our Senior Chairman, our Chief Financial Officer and our Principal Accounting Officer. We will post any amendments to the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, and any waivers that are required to be disclosed by the rules of either the SEC or the NYSE, on our website within the required periods. 
 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 The information contained in the sections captioned "Compensation of Our Named Executive Officers," "Director Compensation" and "Compensation Committee Report" of the Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Information regarding our compensation committee and compensation committee interlocks under the caption "Corporate Governance Committees of the Board" is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans at December 31, 2022 Number of Shares 
 to be Issued Upon 
 Exercise of 
 Outstanding Options, 
 Warrants and 
 Rights (1) 
 Weighted Average 
 Exercise Price of 
 Outstanding 
 Options, Warrants and 
 Rights (2) 
 Number of Shares Remaining Available for Future Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans (Excluding Securities Reflected in First Column) Equity compensation plans approved by shareholders 5,836,348 7,570,111 Equity compensation plans not approved by shareholders Total 5,836,348 7,570,111 
 (1) Includes shares that may be issued upon the vesting of RSUs and dividend equivalents accrued thereon. 
 (2) To date, we have issued RSUs which by their nature have no exercise price. 
 The information contained in the section captioned "Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management" of the Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 
 The information contained in the sections captioned "Related Person Transactions and Other Information" and "Corporate Governance-Director Independence" in the Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 The information regarding our independent registered public accounting firm fees and services in the section captioned "Ratification of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm" of the Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference. 
 114 

Table of Contents 

 PART IV 
 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 1. Financial Statements 
 The consolidated financial statements required to be filed in the Form 10-K are listed in Part II, Item 8 hereof. 
 2. Financial Data Schedules 
 All schedules have been omitted because they are not applicable, not required, or the information required is included in the financial statements or notes thereto. 
 3. Exhibits 
 The agreements and other documents filed as exhibits to this report are not intended to provide factual information or other disclosure other than with respect to the terms of the agreements or other documents themselves, and you should not rely on them for that purpose. In particular, any representations and warranties made by us in these agreements or other documents were made solely within the specific context of the relevant agreement or document and may not describe the actual state of affairs as of the date they were made or at any other time. 
 Exhibit Number Description 3.1 Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Evercore Inc., as filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on October 17, 2017 (19) 
 3.2 Amended and Restated By-Laws, dated August 29, 2017 (18) 
 4.1 Form of 4.34 Series E senior notes due 2029 (22) 
 4.2 Form of 4.44 Series F senior notes due 2031 (22) 
 4.3 Form of 4.54 Series G senior notes due 2033 (22) 
 4.4 Form of 3.33 Series H senior notes due 2033 (22) 
 4.5 Description of the Registrant's Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (filed herewith) 
 10.1 Tax Receivable Agreement, dated as of August 10, 2006 (2) 
 10.2 Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of August 10, 2006 (2) 
 10.3 Employment Agreement between the Registrant and Roger C. Altman (2) 
 10.4 Amendment to Employment Agreement dated February 12, 2008 with Roger C. Altman (3) 
 10.5 Amendment to Employment Agreement dated March 26, 2009 with Roger C. Altman (4) 
 10.6 Form of Indemnification Agreement between the Registrant and each of its directors (1) 
 
 115 

Table of Contents 

 10.7 Employment Agreement between the Registrant and Ralph L. Schlosstein (5) 
 10.8 2012 Confidentiality, Non-Solicitation and Proprietary Information Agreement for Senior Managing Directors (6) 
 10.9 Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement effective as of January 29, 2013 between Evercore Partners Inc. and Ralph L. Schlosstein (7) 
 10.10 Amended and Restated Evercore Partners Inc. 2006 Stock Incentive Plan (8) 
 10.11 Contribution and Exchange Agreement, dated as of August 3, 2014, among ISI Holding, Inc., ISI Holding II, Inc., ISI Management Holdings LLC, ISI Holding, LLC, Edward S. Hyman, the holders of the Management Holdings management units set forth on Annex A thereto, Evercore LP, Evercore Partners Inc. and the Founder, solely in his capacity as the holders' representative (9) 
 10.12 Employment Agreement between the Registrant and Edward S. Hyman (10) 
 10.13 Cash Unit Award Agreement (11) 
 10.14 Form Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement for U.S. Employees (11) 
 10.15 Form of Note Purchase Agreement, dated March 30, 2016 (12) 
 10.16 Loan Agreement, dated as of June 24, 2016, between Evercore Partners Services East L.L.C., as borrower, and PNC Bank, National Association, as lender (13) 
 10.17 Borrowing Base Rider, dated as of June 24, 2016, between Evercore Partners Services East L.L.C., as borrower, and PNC Bank, National Association, as lender (13) 
 10.18 Amended and Restated 2016 Evercore Inc. Stock Incentive Plan (14) 
 10.19 Employment Agreement, dated as of November 15, 2016, by and among Evercore Partners Inc., Evercore LP and John S. Weinberg (15) 
 10.20 Incentive Subscription Agreement, dated as of November 15, 2016, by and among Evercore Partners Inc., Evercore LP and John S. Weinberg (15) 
 10.21 Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement, dated as of November 15, 2016, by and among Evercore Partners Inc., Evercore LP and John S. Weinberg (15) 
 10.22 Confidentiality, Non-Solicitation and Proprietary Information Agreement, dated as of November 15, 2016, by and between Evercore Partners Inc. and John S. Weinberg (15) 
 10.23 2017 Form Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement for U.S. Employees (16) 
 10.24 2017 Form Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement for the members of Evercore Partners International LLP (16) 
 10.25 2017 Form Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement for non-U.S. Employees and non-members of Evercore Partners International LLP (16) 
 
 116 

Table of Contents 

 10.26 Seventh Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement of Evercore LP, dated as of November 1, 2017, by and among Evercore Inc., as general partner, and the Limited Partners (as defined therein) of the Partnership (19) 
 10.27 2019 Form Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement for U.S. Employees (20) 
 10.28 Form of Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of August 1, 2019 (21) 
 10.29 Amended and Restated 2016 Evercore Inc. Stock Incentive Plan, Israeli Appendix (22) 
 10.30 Amended and Restated 2016 Evercore Inc. Stock Incentive Plan (23) 
 10.31 Form of Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of March 29, 2021 (24) 
 10.32 Form of Class L Interest Subscription Agreement (25) 
 10.33 Amendment No. 1 to the Seventh Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement of Evercore LP, dated as of April 30, 2021, by and among Evercore Inc., as general partner, and the Limited Partners (as defined therein) of the Partnership (25) 
 10.34 Amendment to Loan Documents (Secured Facility), dated October 29, 2021, by and among Evercore Partners Services East L.L.C., Evercore LP, Evercore Group Holdings L.P., and PNC Bank, National Association (26) 
 10.35 Loan Agreement, dated July 26, 2019, between Evercore Partners Services East L.L.C. and PNC Bank, National Association (26) 
 10.36 Amendment to Loan Documents (Unsecured Facility), dated October 29, 2021, by and among Evercore Partners Services East L.L.C., Evercore LP, Evercore Group Holdings L.P., and PNC Bank, National Association (26) 
 10.37 Agreement, dated October 29, 2021, between Evercore Group L.L.C. and PNC Bank, National Association (26) 
 10.38 Guaranty and Suretyship Agreement, dated October 29, 2021, between Evercore LP, Evercore Group Holdings L.P., and PNC Bank, National Association (26) 
 10.39 Form of Note Purchase Agreement, dated June 28, 2022 (27) 
 10.40 Form of Class K-P Unit Subscription Agreement (filed herewith) 
 10.41 Amendment, dated October 31, 2022, to the Agreement between Evercore Group L.L.C. and PNC Bank, National Association (filed herewith) 
 11 Not included as a separate exhibit - earnings per share can be determined from Note 17 to the consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplemental Data. 
 21.1 Subsidiaries of the Registrant (filed herewith) 
 
 117 

Table of Contents 

 23.1 Consent of Deloitte Touche LLP (filed herewith) 
 24.1 Power of Attorney (included on signature page hereto) 
 31.1 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) (filed herewith) 
 31.2 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) (filed herewith) 
 32.1 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (furnished herewith) 
 32.2 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (furnished herewith) 
 101.INS The following materials from the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, are formatted in Inline XBRL: (i) Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, (ii) Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, (iii) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, (iv) Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, (v) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, and (vi) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, tagged as blocks of text including detailed tags 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase 104 Cover page from the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 is formatted in Inline XBRL (and contained in Exhibit 101) 
 (1) Incorporated by Reference to the Registrant's Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Registration No. 333-134087), as amended, originally filed with the SEC on May 12, 2006. 
 (2) Incorporated by Reference to the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (Commission File No. 001-32975), for the period ended June 30, 2006. 
 (3) Incorporated by Reference to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K (Commission File No. 001-32975), filed with the SEC on February 12, 2008. 
 (4) Incorporated by Reference to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K (Commission File No. 001-32975), filed with the SEC on March 27, 2009. 
 (5) Incorporated by Reference to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K (Commission File No. 001-32975), filed with the SEC on May 22, 2009. 
 (6) Incorporated by Reference to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K (Commission File No. 001-32975), filed with the SEC on February 29, 2012. 
 (7) Incorporated by Reference to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K (Commission File No. 001-32975), filed with the SEC on January 29, 2013. 
 (8) Incorporated by Reference to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K (Commission File No. 001-32975), filed with the SEC on June 20, 2013. 
 (9) Incorporated by Reference to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K (Commission File No. 001-32975), filed with the SEC on August 4, 2014. 
 118 

Table of Contents 

 (10) Incorporated by Reference to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K (Commission File No. 001-32975), filed with the SEC on February 27, 2015. 
 (11) Incorporated by Reference to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K (Commission File No. 001-32975), filed with the SEC on February 24, 2016. 
 (12) Incorporated by Reference to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K (Commission File No. 001-32975), filed with the SEC on March 31, 2016. 
 (13) Incorporated by Reference to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K (Commission File No. 001-32975), filed with the SEC on June 29, 2016. 
 (14) Incorporated by Reference to Annex B to the Registrant's definitive proxy statement (Commission File No. 001-32975), filed with the SEC on April 28, 2016. 
 (15) Incorporated by Reference to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K (Commission File No. 001-32975), filed with the SEC on November 18, 2016. 
 (16) Incorporated by Reference to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K (Commission File No. 001-32975), filed with the SEC on February 24, 2017. 
 (17) Incorporated by Reference to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K (Commission File No. 001-32975), filed with the SEC on September 1, 2017. 
 (18) Incorporated by Reference to the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (Commission File No. 001-32975), for the period ended September 30, 2017. 
 (19) Incorporated by Reference to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K (Commission File No. 001-32975), filed with the SEC on February 23, 2018. 
 (20) Incorporated by Reference to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K (Commission File No. 001-32975), filed with the SEC on February 22, 2019. 
 (21) Incorporated by Reference to the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q Commission File No. 001-32975), for the period ended June 30, 2019. 
 (22) Incorporated by Reference to the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q Commission File No. 001-32975), for the period ended September 30, 2019. 
 (23) Incorporated by Reference to Annex B to the Registrant's definitive proxy statement (Commission File No. 001-32975), filed with the SEC on April 24, 2020. 
 (24) Incorporated by Reference to the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (Commission File No. 001-32975), for the period ended March 31, 2021. 
 (25) Incorporated by Reference to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K (Commission File No. 001-32975), filed with the SEC on April 30, 2021. 
 (26) Incorporated by Reference to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K (Commission File No. 001-32975), filed with the SEC on February 24, 2022. 
 (27) Incorporated by Reference to the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (Commission File No. 001-32975), for the period ended June 30, 2022. 
 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 None. 
 119 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 Date: February 24, 2023 
 Each of the officers and directors of Evercore Inc. whose signature appears below, in so signing, also makes, constitutes and appoints each of John S. Weinberg, Roger C. Altman, Jason Klurfeld and Paul Pensa, and each of them, his true and lawful attorneys-in-fact, with full power and substitution, for him in any and all capacities, to execute and cause to be filed with the SEC any and all amendments to the Report on Form 10-K, with exhibits thereto and other documents connected therewith and to perform any acts necessary to be done in order to file such documents, and hereby ratifies and confirms all that said attorneys-in-fact or their substitute or substitutes may do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities on the 24th day of February, 2023. 
 Signature Title /s/ JOHN S. WEINBERG Chief Executive Officer and Chairman John S. Weinberg /s/ ROGER C. ALTMAN Senior Chairman Roger C. Altman /s/ RICHARD I. BEATTIE Director Richard I. Beattie /s/ PAMELA G. CARLTON Director Pamela G. Carlton /s/ ELLEN V. FUTTER Director Ellen V. Futter /s/ GAIL B. HARRIS Director Gail B. Harris /s/ ROBERT B. MILLARD Director Robert B. Millard /s/ WILLARD J. OVERLOCK, JR. Director Willard J. Overlock, Jr. /s/ SIR SIMON M. ROBERTSON Director Sir Simon M. Robertson /s/ WILLIAM J. WHEELER Director William J. Wheeler /s/ SARAH K. WILLIAMSON Director Sarah K. Williamson /s/ PAUL PENSA Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) and Controller (Principal Accounting Officer) Paul Pensa 
 120 

<EX-4.5>
 2
 evr12312022ex45.htm
 EX-4.5

Document 
 Exhibit 4.5 

 DESCRIPTION OF THE REGISTRANT S SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 The following description of our capital stock is a summary and is qualified in its entirety by reference to our certificate of incorporation and our bylaws, the forms or copies of which have been filed as exhibits to this Annual Report on Form 10-K and are incorporated by reference herein, and by applicable law. 
 Our authorized capital stock consists of 1,000,000,000 shares of Class A common stock, par value .01 per share, 1,000,000 shares of Class B common stock, par value .01 per share and 100,000,000 shares of preferred stock. Unless our board of directors determines otherwise, we will issue all shares of our capital stock in uncertificated form. 
 Common Stock 
 Class A common stock 
 Holders of our Class A common stock are entitled to one vote for each share held of record on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders. 
 Holders of our Class A common stock are entitled to receive dividends when and if declared by our board of directors out of funds legally available therefor, subject to any statutory or contractual restrictions on the payment of dividends and to any restrictions on the payment of dividends imposed by the terms of any outstanding preferred stock. 
 Upon our dissolution or liquidation or the sale of all or substantially all of our assets, after payment in full of all amounts required to be paid to creditors and to the holders of preferred stock having liquidation preferences, if any, the holders of our Class A common stock will be entitled to receive pro rata our remaining assets available for distribution. 
 Holders of our Class A common stock do not have preemptive, subscription, redemption or conversion rights. 
 Subject to the transfer restrictions set forth in the Evercore LP partnership agreement, holders of fully vested partnership units in Evercore LP (other than Evercore Inc.) may exchange these partnership units for shares of Class A common stock on a one-for-one basis, subject to customary conversion rate adjustments for stock splits, stock dividends and reclassifications. 
 Class B common stock 
 Each holder of Class B common Stock shall be entitled, without regard to the number of shares of Class B common stock held by such holder, to one vote for each partnership unit in Evercore LP held by such holder. Accordingly, the limited partners of Evercore LP collectively have a number of votes in Evercore Inc. that is equal to the aggregate number of vested and unvested partnership units that they hold. 
 Holders of our Class A common stock and Class B common stock vote together as a single class on all matters presented to our stockholders for their vote or approval, except as otherwise required by applicable law. 
 Holders of our Class B common stock do not have any right to receive dividends or to receive a distribution upon a liquidation or winding up of Evercore Inc. 
 
 Preferred Stock 
 Our certificate of incorporation authorizes our board of directors to establish one or more series of preferred stock (including convertible preferred stock). Unless required by law or by any stock exchange, the authorized shares of preferred stock will be available for issuance without further action by you. Our board of directors is able to determine, with respect to any series of preferred stock, the terms and rights of that series, including 
 
 the designation of the series 
 
 the number of shares of the series, which our board may, except where otherwise provided in the preferred stock designation, increase or decrease, but not below the number of shares then outstanding 

whether dividends, if any, will be cumulative or non-cumulative and the dividend rate of the series 
 the dates at which dividends, if any, will be payable 
 
 the redemption rights and price or prices, if any, for shares of the series 
 
 the terms and amounts of any sinking fund provided for the purchase or redemption of shares of the series 
 
 the amounts payable on shares of the series in the event of any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the affairs of our company 
 
 whether the shares of the series will be convertible into shares of any other class or series, or any other security, of our company or any other entity, and, if so, the specification of the other class or series or other security, the conversion price or prices or rate or rates, any rate adjustments, the date or dates as of which the shares will be convertible and all other terms and conditions upon which the conversion may be made 
 
 restrictions on the issuance of shares of the same series or of any other class or series and 
 
 the voting rights, if any, of the holders of the series. 
 We could issue a series of preferred stock that could, depending on the terms of the series, impede or discourage an acquisition attempt or other transaction that some, or a majority, of you might believe to be in your best interests or in which you might receive a premium for your Class A common stock over the market price of the Class A common stock. 
 Authorized but Unissued Capital Stock 
 Delaware law does not require stockholder approval for any issuance of authorized shares. However, the listing requirements of the New York Stock Exchange, which would apply so long as the Class A common stock remains listed on the New York Stock Exchange, require stockholder approval of certain issuances equal to or exceeding 20 of the then outstanding voting power or then outstanding number of shares of Class A common stock (assuming, in this latter case, the exchange of outstanding Evercore LP partnership units not held by Evercore Inc.). These additional shares may be used for a variety of corporate purposes, including future public offerings, to raise additional capital or to facilitate acquisitions. 
 One of the effects of the existence of unissued and unreserved common stock or preferred stock may be to enable our board of directors to issue shares to persons friendly to current management, which issuance could render more difficult or discourage an attempt to obtain control of our company by means of a merger, tender offer, proxy contest or otherwise, and thereby protect the continuity of our management and possibly deprive the stockholders of opportunities to sell their shares at prices higher than prevailing market prices. 
 
 Anti-Takeover Effects of Provisions of Delaware Law 
 We are a Delaware corporation subject to Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law. Section 203 provides that, subject to certain exceptions specified in the law, a Delaware corporation shall not engage in certain business combinations with any interested stockholder for a three-year period after the date of the transaction in which the person became an interested stockholder unless 
 
 prior to such time, our board of directors approved either the business combination or the transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder 
 
 upon consummation of the transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, the interested stockholder owned at least 85 of our voting stock outstanding at the time the transaction commenced, excluding certain shares or 
 
 at or subsequent to that time, the business combination is approved by our board of directors and authorized by the affirmative vote of holders of at least 66 2 3 of the outstanding voting stock that is not owned by the interested stockholder. 
 Generally, a business combination includes a merger, asset or stock sale or other transaction resulting in a financial benefit to the interested stockholder. Subject to certain exceptions, an interested stockholder is a person who, together with that person s affiliates and associates, owns, or within the previous three years did own, 15 or more of our voting stock. 

Under certain circumstances, Section 203 makes it more difficult for a person who would be an interested stockholder to effect various business combinations with a corporation for a three-year period. The provisions of Section 203 may encourage companies interested in acquiring our company to negotiate in advance with our board of directors because the stockholder approval requirement would be avoided if our board of directors approves either the business combination or the transaction that results in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder. These provisions also may make it more difficult to accomplish transactions that stockholders may otherwise deem to be in their best interests. 
 Transfer Agent and Registrar 
 The transfer agent and registrar for our Class A common stock is Computershare Shareowner Services LLC. 
 Listing 
 Our Class A common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol EVR. 

</EX-4.5>

<EX-10.40>
 3
 evr12312022ex1040.htm
 EX-10.40

Document 
 Exhibit 10.40 

 INCENTIVE SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT 
 This Incentive Subscription Agreement (this Agreement is made as of DATE , by and among Evercore LP, a Delaware limited partnership (the Partnership ), Evercore Inc., a Delaware corporation, as general partner of the Partnership (the General Partner and, together with the Partnership and their subsidiaries, Evercore ), and NAME (the Employee ). Capitalized terms used herein but not defined herein shall have the meaning set forth in the Partnership Agreement (as defined below). 
 RECITALS 
 WHEREAS, on the terms and subject to the conditions hereof, Employee desires to subscribe for and acquire from the Partnership, and the Partnership desires to issue and provide to Employee, NUMBER Class K-P Units in the Partnership (each a K-P Unit and, collectively, the K-P Units ), having the rights, powers, duties and preferences set forth in the Seventh Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement of Evercore LP (as amended from time to time, the Partnership Agreement 
 WHEREAS, promptly following the vesting of a K-P Unit as set forth in this Agreement, such K-P Unit is automatically converted, subject to the provisions of the Partnership Agreement and this Agreement, into a number of Class K Units of the Partnership (each an K Unit and, collectively, the K Units ), having the rights, powers, duties and preferences set forth in the Partnership Agreement and 
 WHEREAS, this Agreement is being entered into pursuant to the General Partner s Second Amended and Restated 2016 Evercore Inc. Stock Incentive Plan (as amended from time to time, the Plan and shall constitute an Award agreement relating to an Other Stock-Based Award (each as defined therein). 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing, and the representations, warranties, covenants and conditions set forth below, the parties hereto, intending to be legally bound, hereby agree as follows 
 1. Subscription for K-P Units. 
 (a) Upon the terms and subject to the conditions of this Agreement, Employee hereby subscribes for and agrees to acquire, and the Partnership hereby agrees to issue to Employee, NUMBER K-P Units, in exchange for the services to be performed for the Partnership by Employee, with such issuance occurring on the date of this Agreement. 
 (b) Employee hereby agrees to be bound by the terms and conditions of the Partnership Agreement and agrees to execute any documents or agreements required by the General Partner in connection with his subscription and admission as a limited partner of the Partnership, including a counterpart of the Partnership Agreement. The K-P Units and, following the vesting of the K-P Units, the K Units issued in respect thereof (if any), shall be subject, in all respects, to the terms and conditions of the Partnership Agreement. Employee is not obligated (now or in the future) to make any Capital Contribution to the Partnership on account of the K-P Units. 

(c) Employee agrees to timely (within 30 days of the date hereof) file (via certified mail, return receipt requested) an election under Section 83(b) of the Code in the form of Exhibit A to this Agreement and shall thereafter notify the Partnership it has made such timely filing and provide a copy of such filing to the Partnership. Employee should consult his tax advisor regarding the consequences of a Section 83(b) election, as well as the receipt, vesting, holding and sale of the K-P Units and K Units . 
 2. Representations and Warranties of Employee. 
 Employee represents and warrants, as of the date hereof, that 
 (a) Employee has full legal capacity to execute and deliver this Agreement and the Partnership Agreement and to perform his obligations hereunder and thereunder. This Agreement and the Partnership Agreement have been duly authorized (if applicable), executed and delivered by Employee and are the legal, valid and binding obligations of Employee enforceable against him in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof, subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency and similar laws affecting creditors rights generally and the availability of equitable remedies. 
 (b) Employee acknowledges and agrees that he previously has been furnished with the Partnership Agreement, the Plan and a Plan Prospectus, and has been given the opportunity to examine all documents and to ask questions of, and receive answers from, the Partnership and its representatives concerning the Partnership, the Partnership Agreement, the Partnership s organizational documents and the terms and conditions of issuance of the K-P Units and to obtain any additional information which Employee deems necessary. Employee has been advised that the K-P Units and K Units are subject to restrictions upon transfer as set forth in the Partnership Agreement and the Plan. 
 3. Vesting. 
 (a) Each K-P Unit shall be an Unvested Unit upon grant and shall vest only to the extent provided in this Section 3. Upon conversion of a K-P Unit into a number of K Units as provided herein and in the Partnership Agreement, the K-P Unit shall be cancelled. 
 (b) A K-P Unit shall become a Vested Unit upon satisfaction of both of the Service Condition and the Share Performance Condition (each as described below). For the avoidance of doubt, (i) a K-P Unit will not become a Vested Unit (if at all) until a Service Vesting Date (as defined below) has occurred, and (ii) upon the occurrence of the later of a Service Vesting Date and the expiration of the Measurement Period, a K-P Unit will not become a Vested Unit and will be immediately forfeited without any consideration if the Share Performance Condition has not been satisfied. 
 (c) The Service Condition with respect to a K-P Unit will be satisfied if (i) Employee remains a full time employee of Evercore in good standing continuously through expiration of the Measurement Period (as defined in Section 4 below) or (ii) prior to the expiration of the Measurement Period, Employee s employment with Evercore is terminated due to an Early Termination. The earlier of the expiration of the Measurement Period and the date specified for the applicable Early Termination is referred to as the Service Vesting Date . No 
 2 

Service Vesting Date will occur in the event Employee s employment with Evercore is terminated by Evercore with Cause or by Employee s resignation or retirement (except as may be otherwise provided in the definition of Early Termination) , and the K-P Units shall be immediately forfeited without any consideration on the date of any such termination of employment. 
 (d) An Early Termination means (1) the Employee s employment is terminated by Evercore without cause (2) Evercore undergoes a Change in Control (as defined in the Plan) (3) Employee s employment by Evercore is otherwise terminated by reason of death or Disability prior to the expiration of the Measurement Period or (4) INSERT OTHER APPLICABLE EARLY TERMINATION EVENTS . 
 (i) In the event of an Early Termination due to the foregoing Section 3(d)(1), (3) and INSERT OTHER RELEVANT CLAUSES , the Service Vesting Date will be deemed to be the expiration of the Measurement Period and the K-P Units will convert into K Units in accordance with Section 4. 
 (ii) In the event of an Early Termination due to the foregoing Section 3(d)(2), the Service Vesting Date and the conversion of K-P Units into K Units shall be accelerated to the effective date of the Change in Control (provided that if the Share Performance Condition has not been satisfied prior to such effective date, the K-P Units shall be immediately forfeited without any consideration as of such date). 
 (e) The Share Performance Condition with respect to a K-P Unit will be satisfied if, (1) for twenty (20) consecutive trading days after the date hereof and prior to the expiration of the Measurement Period, the average of the daily high and low price of Class A Common Stock is equal to or greater than PRICE or (2) in the event of a Change in Control, the value of the consideration paid per share of Class A Common Stock in such transaction or, as applicable, the per share value of Class A Common Stock implied by such transaction is equal to or greater than PRICE . If the Share Performance Condition is not satisfied, then the K-P Units shall be immediately forfeited without any consideration. 
 4. Conversion into K Units. 
 (a) Except as provided otherwise in the event of an Early Termination, as soon as practical following each K-P Unit becoming a Vested Unit, each K-P Unit will automatically convert into a number of K Units equal to the Performance Adjustment Amount (as defined below). 
 (b) The Performance Adjustment Amount shall be INSERT PERFORMANCE THRESHOLDS AND APPLICABLE MULTIPLE, IF ANY 
 (c) For purposes of this Agreement 
 (i) Measurement Period means the period from DATE through DATE . 
 (ii) INSERT APPLICABLE PERFORMANCE DEFINITIONS 
 3 

5. Understanding of the Parties. 
 (a) Allocation of Intangible Asset Gain . Intangible Asset Gain (as defined in the Partnership Agreement) shall be allocated under Section 5.05 of the Partnership Agreement to each holder of K-P Units issued on this date, pro rata in accordance with such holder s ownership of K-P Units issued on this date, in an amount equal to the excess of (i) the amount distributable to such holder (if such holder s K-P Units had been converted into the maximum number of K Units hereunder) pursuant to Section 9.03(a)(v) of the Partnership Agreement (without regard to the proviso at the end of Section 9.03(a)(v) of the Partnership Agreement) over (ii) amounts previously allocated pursuant to K-P Units under Section 5.05 of the Partnership Agreement. 
 (b) Conversion of K-P Units . To the extent that there is an insufficient number of shares of Class A Common Stock, par value 0.01 per share, of the General Partner Shares available under the Plan to be exchanged for K Units at the time of the conversion of the K-P Units into K Units, the parties agree that the Partnership may elect (in its sole discretion) to delay the conversion of the K-P Units into K Units until such time as a sufficient number of Shares are authorized under the Plan (or a successor plan), and the General Partner will thereafter use its commercially reasonable efforts to obtain such authorization for a sufficient number of Shares. 
 (c) Distributions upon Dissolution of the Partnership . Upon the dissolution of the Partnership, after distributions First through Fourth as outlined in Section 9.03(a)(i)-(iv) of the Partnership Agreement (and except to the extent amended by a relevant subscription agreement), distributions shall be made to the holder of K Units to the extent such amounts would have been distributed pursuant to Section 9.03(a)(ii) of the Partnership Agreement if such K Unit were exchanged for a Class A Unit. 
 6. Restrictive Covenants. Employee acknowledges and recognizes the highly competitive nature of the businesses of the Partnership and its affiliates and accordingly agrees, in Employee s capacity as an equity holder in the Partnership, to comply with the provisions of the Confidentiality, Non-Solicitation and Proprietary Information Agreement by and between Employee and Evercore Partners Services East, LLC (the Restrictive Covenant Agreement ). Employee acknowledges and agrees that Evercore s remedies at law for a breach of any of the provisions of the Restrictive Covenant Agreement would be inadequate and Evercore would suffer irreparable damages as a result of such breach or threatened breach. In recognition of this fact, Employee agrees that, in the event of such a breach, in addition to any remedies at law or equity, the K-P Units that as of the date of such violation are not Vested Units shall be immediately forfeited without any consideration on the date of any such breach. 
 7. Clawback Forfeiture Other Evercore Policies. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein or in the Plan, Employee agrees that the K-P Units and any K Units delivered in respect thereof will be subject to the terms of (i) any clawback or recapture policy that Evercore may have in effect from time to time and, in accordance with such policy, may be subject to the requirement that such Units, any securities into which the Units are convertible, and any distributions thereon or proceeds thereof, be repaid to Evercore after they have been distributed to Employee, and (ii) any policy with respect to hedging or pledging of securities that Evercore may have in effect from time to time. 
 4 

8. Miscellaneous. 
 (a) Tax Issues . THE ISSUANCE OF THE K-P UNITS TO EMPLOYEE PURSUANT TO THIS AGREEMENT INVOLVES COMPLEX AND SUBSTANTIAL TAX CONSIDERATIONS, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, CONSIDERATION OF THE ADVISABILITY OF EMPLOYEE MAKING AN ELECTION UNDER SECTION 83(b) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE. EMPLOYEE ACKNOWLEDGES HE HAS CONSULTED HIS OWN TAX ADVISOR WITH RESPECT TO THE TRANSACTIONS DESCRIBED IN THIS AGREEMENT. THE PARTNERSHIP MAKES NO WARRANTIES OR REPRESENTATIONS WHATSOEVER TO EMPLOYEE REGARDING THE TAX CONSEQUENCES OF EMPLOYEE S RECEIPT OF THE K-P UNITS. 
 (b) Transfers . Employee may not Transfer, directly or indirectly, all or any portion of a K-P Unit (whether or not vested) or K Unit, or any rights therein (economic or otherwise), to any other Person except in accordance with the Partnership Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, Employee shall have no right to exchange any K-P Unit. 
 (c) Entire Agreement . This Agreement and the other agreements referred to herein set forth the entire understanding among the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof. The parties hereto acknowledge and agree that the provisions of the Partnership Agreement apply to the issuance of the K-P Units and the K Units and that, upon issuance, as applicable, the K-P Units and the K Units will be subject to the terms, conditions, rights and obligations contained in the Partnership Agreement. 
 (d) Amendment Waiver . 
 (i) This Agreement can be amended only by an instrument in writing signed by each of the parties hereto. Any provision of this Agreement may be waived if, but only if, such waiver is in writing and is signed by the party against whom the waiver is to be effective. 
 (ii) No failure or delay by any party in exercising any right, power or privilege hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof nor shall any single or partial exercise thereof preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or privilege. The rights and remedies provided herein shall be cumulative and not exclusive of any rights or remedies provided by law. 
 (e) No Third Party Beneficiaries Assignment . This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure solely to the benefit of the parties hereto and their permitted assigns and successors and nothing herein, express or implied, is intended to or shall confer upon any other person or entity, any legal or equitable right, benefit or remedy of any nature whatsoever under or by reason of this Agreement. The rights and obligations under this Agreement may not be assigned by any party hereto without the prior written consent of the other parties and any attempted assignment shall be null and void and of no force or effect. 
 (f) Administration . Subject to the terms of the Partnership Agreement, the General Partner shall have the authority to (i) construe, interpret and implement this Agreement, (ii) establish rules and regulations and make all calculations and determinations necessary or advisable in administering this Agreement and (iii) correct any defect, supply any omission and 
 5 

reconcile any inconsistency in this Agreement. All such interpretations, rules, determinations and regulations shall be final, binding and conclusive on all Persons, including the Partnership and Employee. 
 (g) Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed and delivered (including by facsimile transmission) in one or more counterparts, and by the different parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which when executed and delivered shall be deemed to be an original but all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement. Copies of executed counterparts transmitted by telecopy or other electronic transmission service shall be considered original executed counterparts for all purposes. 
 (h) Notices . All notices, requests, claims, demands and other communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be given (and shall be deemed to have been duly given upon receipt) by delivery in person, by courier service, by fax or by registered or certified mail (postage prepaid, return receipt requested) to the respective parties at the addresses specified in Section 11.02 of the Partnership Agreement. 
 (i) Severability . In case any provision of this Agreement shall be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby 
 (j) Cooperation . Employee agrees to cooperate with the Partnership in taking action reasonably necessary to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. 
 (k) Employee s Employment by Evercore . Nothing contained in this Agreement shall be deemed to obligate any Evercore entity to employ Employee in any capacity whatsoever or to prohibit or restrict the Evercore entity from terminating the employment of Employee at any time or for any reason whatsoever, with or without Cause. 
 (l) Governing Law . This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of Delaware. 
 Remainder of page intentionally left blank 
 6 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the date first written above. 
 GENERAL PARTNER 
 EVERCORE INC. 
 By ___________________________________ 
 Name 
 Title 
 
 PARTNERSHIP 
 EVERCORE LP 
 By Evercore Inc., its general partner 
 
 By ___________________________________ 
 Name 
 Title 
 
 EMPLOYEE 
 _______________________________________ 

Signature Page to Class K-P Subscription Agreement 

Exhibit A 
 ELECTION TO INCLUDE UNITS IN GROSS INCOME PURSUANT TO SECTION 83(b) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE 
 The undersigned acquired equity units (the Units of Evercore LP (the Company on DATE . The undersigned desires to make an election to have the Units taxed under the provision of Section 83(b) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended Code 83(b) ), at the time the undersigned acquired the Units. 
 Therefore, pursuant to Code 83(b) and Treasury Regulation 1.83-2 promulgated thereunder, the undersigned hereby makes an election, with respect to the Units (described below), to report as taxable income for the applicable calendar year the excess, if any, of the Units fair market value on the applicable acquisition date over the acquisition price thereof. 
 The following information is supplied in accordance with Treasury Regulation 1.83-2(e) 
 1. The name, address and social security number of the undersigned 
 Name ______________________ 
 Address 
 _____________________________ 
 _____________________________ 

SSN ____-___-_____ 
 2. A description of the property with respect to which the election is being made 
 _____ Class K-P Units in the Company 
 
 3. The date on which the property was transferred ___________. The taxable year for which such election is made calendar year YEAR 
 4. The restrictions to which the property is subject If the undersigned ceases to be employed by certain affiliates of the Company under certain circumstances, all or a portion of the Units may be subject to forfeiture and or repurchase by the Company at the lower of the fair market value of such Units and the original acquisition price paid for the Units, regardless of the fair market value of the Units on the date of such repurchase. The Units are also subject to transfer restrictions. 
 5. The aggregate fair market value on the applicable acquisition date of the property with respect to which the election is being made, determined without regard to any lapse restrictions 
 Class K-P Units 
 
 6. The aggregate amount paid for such property 
 Class K-P Units 
 
 A copy of this election has been furnished to the Secretary of the Company pursuant to Treasury Regulations 1.83-2(e)(7). 
 Dated _____________________________ _____________________________ Name 

</EX-10.40>

<EX-10.41>
 4
 evr12312022ex1041.htm
 EX-10.41

Document 
 Exhibit 10.41 

 AMENDMENT TO PREVIOUSLY APPROVED SUBORDINATION AGREEMENT MATURITY DATE EXTENSION, INTEREST RATE CHANGE AND INCORPORATION OF CERTAIN PROVISONS 
 For good and valuable consideration, Evercore Group L.L.C. (the Broker Dealer and PNC Bank, National Association (the Lender hereby amend the Revolving Note and Cash Subordination Agreement, using FINRA Form REV-33R, executed on October 29, 2021 with a scheduled maturity date of October 28, 2023 in the principal amount of 75,000,000 (as amended, the Subordination Agreement ), subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the Subordination Agreement previously approved by the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. 
 Terms capitalized herein shall have the same meaning as identified in the Subordination Agreement. With respect to the provisions modified or added herein, to the extent any conflict exists between this amendment and the Subordination Agreement, the terms of this amendment shall control. 
 The Broker Dealer and Lender hereby agree to amend the Subordination Agreement as follows 
 1. (a) The Scheduled Maturity Date of the Subordination Agreement shall be extended to N A (see below) (at least one year from the date of the previous Scheduled Maturity Date) OR 
 (b) FOR REVOLVING SUBORDINATED LOAN AGREEMENTS 
 The Broker Dealer and Lender hereby agree to amend the Revolving Note and Subordination Agreement extending the Credit Period to October 27, 2023 (During the Credit Period, the Broker Dealer may utilize the Credit Line (as then in effect) by borrowing and or prepaying outstanding Advances, in whole or in part, and reborrowing, all in accordance with the terms and provisions outlined therein). The Broker Dealer is obligated to repay the aggregate unpaid principal amount of all Advances on or before October 27, 2024 (the Scheduled Maturity Date )(one year AFTER the end of the Credit Period). 
 2. The Broker Dealer and Lender hereby agree to amend the Subordination Agreement by modifying the interest rate and related terms to reflect the Supplement to the Amendment attached as Rider A hereto (the terms of which the Broker Dealer and Lender agree are incorporated into this amendment). 
 3. The Scheduled Maturity Date hereof in each year, without further action by either the Lender or Broker Dealer, shall be extended an additional year unless on or before the day seven months (or thirteen months for equity loans, Forms 31E and 32E) preceding the Scheduled Maturity Date then in effect, the Lender shall notify the Broker Dealer in writing, with a written copy to FINRA, that such Scheduled Maturity Date shall not be extended. By incorporating this provision, the parties to an equity loan (only) represent that 
 a. the Lender will retain an ownership interest in the Broker Dealer during the extended maturity period(s) and 

b. the Broker Dealer shall notify FINRA if any change in ownership status occurs that results in the Lender retaining no ownership interest in the Broker Dealer. 
 This amendment shall not become effective unless and until FINRA has found the amendment acceptable. 
 The parties to this amendment, by affixing their signatures to this amendment, represent to FINRA, for its reliance, that (i) this amendment, and the Subordination Agreement which it amends, are legally valid and binding obligations on the parties and (ii) this amendment, as executed below, conforms in every respect to and with any draft hereof which may have been heretofore submitted to and approved by FINRA for actual execution. 

Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank 

IN WITNESS HEREOF the parties hereto have set their hands and seals this 3 1st day of October, 2022. 
 EVERCORE GROUP L.L.C. PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION By __________________________ By __________________________ Name _______________________ Name _______________________ Title _________________________ Title _________________________ (Broker Dealer) (Lender) 

Rider A 

 SUPPLEMENT TO THE PREVIOUSLY APPROVED SUBORDINATION AGREEMENT 
 THIS SUPPLEMENT TO THE AMENDMENT TO PREVIOUSLY APPROVED SUBORDINATION AGREEMENT (together with the Amendment to the Previously Approved Subordination Agreement and Exhibit A attached hereto, collectively, this Amendment is dated as of October 31, 2022 (the Effective Date and is made by and among EVERCORE GROUP L.L.C. (the Broker Dealer ), EVERCORE LP and EVERCORE GROUP HOLDINGS L.P. (collectively, the Guarantors and PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION (the Lender under the Subordination Agreement (as defined in the Amendment) (all such parties, the Parties ). 
 RECITALS 
 WHEREAS, certain loans, advances and or other extensions of credit denominated in U.S. Dollars under the Subordination Agreement bear interest or are permitted to bear interest, and have fees, commissions or other amounts based on the London Interbank Offered Rate administered by the ICE Benchmark Administration LIBOR in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Subordination Agreement (the Affected Loans and 
 WHEREAS, the applicable parties under the Subordination Agreement have determined that Affected Loans made, continued or converted under the Subordination Agreement on or after the Effective Date that would otherwise bear interest and accrue fees and commissions with reference to LIBOR, shall bear interest and accrue fees and commissions with reference to a successor rate for all purposes under the Subordination Agreement and under any other agreement, instrument, certificate or document (other than any derivative, swap agreement, hedge agreement or ISDA confirm or other analogous or similar document executed in connection with any interest rate hedging or swap transactions) executed and delivered in connection with the Subordination Agreement (together with the Subordination Agreement, each as amended, supplemented, modified or restated prior to the date hereof, collectively, the Existing Documents ), subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Amendment. 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements hereinafter set forth and intending to be legally bound hereby, the Parties covenant and agree as follows 
 1. Incorporation of Recitals . The foregoing recitals are incorporated herein by reference as if fully set forth herein. 
 2. Certain Definitions . Capitalized terms used in this Amendment but not otherwise defined herein or in Exhibit A shall have the meanings assigned to such terms in the Subordination Agreement. Capitalized terms used in Exhibit A that are also used in the Subordination Agreement shall supplement (but not replace) the defined terms in the Subordination Agreement with respect to Affected Loans, unless otherwise stated therein. 
 3. Amendments . The Subordination Agreement is hereby amended as set forth on Exhibit A attached hereto. Notwithstanding any provision of the Subordination Agreement or any Existing Document to the contrary, the Parties hereby agree that the terms set 

forth on Exhibit A apply solely to Affected Loans on and after the Effective Date. For the avoidance of doubt, to the extent provisions in the Subordination Agreement apply to Affected Loans and such provisions are not specifically addressed by Exhibit A, such provisions in the Subordination Agreement shall continue to apply to Affected Loans from and after the Effective Date. In the event of a conflict between the terms of this Amendment and the terms of the Subordination Agreement or any other Existing Document, the terms of this Amendment shall govern and control. For the further avoidance of doubt, (i) the provisions of this Amendment supersede and govern any provisions of the Subordination Agreement relating to benchmark replacements as they apply on and after the Effective Date, and (ii) the execution and delivery of this Amendment by the Parties shall be deemed to satisfy and discharge any and all requirements under the Subordination Agreement for notices to be furnished to any Party in connection with the replacement of any benchmark applicable to Affected Loans, as contemplated by this Amendment. 
 4. Representations and Warranties . The Broker Dealer hereby represents and warrants that (a) no default or Event of Default (or similar defined term) exists or will exist immediately after giving effect to the transactions contemplated hereby, (b) all representations and warranties of the Broker Dealer contained in the Subordination Agreement, in this Amendment and in the other Existing Documents are true and correct in all material respects (without duplication of any materiality qualifiers), (c) the execution, delivery and performance of this Amendment and any other document related hereto by the Broker Dealer and the Guarantors have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate or other organizational action, and (d) this Amendment and any other document related hereto have been duly executed and delivered by the Broker Dealer and the Guarantors. 
 5. Limitation Effect of Amendment No Novation . No provision of the Subordination Agreement or any other Existing Document is amended or waived in any way other than as provided herein. Except as expressly set forth in this Amendment, all of the terms of the Subordination Agreement and the other Existing Documents shall be and remain in full force and effect and are hereby ratified and confirmed, and constitute the legal, valid, binding, and enforceable obligations of the parties thereto. As of the Effective Date, each reference in the Subordination Agreement to this Agreement, hereunder, hereof, herein, or words of like import, and each reference in the other Existing Documents to the Subordination Agreement (including, without limitation, by means of words like thereunder, thereof , therein and words of like import), shall mean and be a reference to the Subordination Agreement as amended by this Amendment. The Broker Dealer and each Guarantor hereby confirms that the Subordination Agreement and each other Existing Document have at all times, since the date of the execution and delivery of such documents, remained in full force and effect and the obligations thereunder are continued as amended by this Amendment. The Broker Dealer and each Guarantor acknowledges and agrees that the amendment of the Subordination Agreement and each other Existing Document by this Amendment is not intended to constitute, nor does it constitute, a novation, interruption, suspension of continuity, satisfaction, discharge or termination of the obligations, loans, liabilities, or indebtedness under the Subordination Agreement and each other Existing Document, and this Amendment, the Subordination Agreement and each other Existing Document are entitled to all rights and benefits originally pertaining to the Subordination Agreement and each other Existing Document. 
 5 

6. Reaffirmation of Guarantees . The Broker Dealer and each Guarantor hereby acknowledges its receipt of a copy of this Amendment and its review of the terms and conditions hereof and consents to the terms and conditions of this Amendment and the transactions contemplated thereby. The Broker Dealer and each Guarantor hereby (a) affirms and confirms, as applicable, its guarantees and other undertakings under the Subordination Agreement and each other Existing Document, each as amended by this Amendment, to which it is a party and (b) agrees that (i) the Subordination Agreement and each other Existing Document, each as amended by this Amendment, to which it is a party continue to be in full force and effect and (ii) all guarantees and other undertakings thereunder continue to be in full force and effect (with the same priority, as applicable) and accrue to the benefit of the applicable secured party or parties thereunder. 
 7. Further Assurances . The Broker Dealer and each Guarantor agrees to execute such other documents, instruments and agreements and take such further actions reasonably requested by the Lender to effectuate the provisions of this Amendment. 
 8. Counterparts Effectiveness . 
 (a) This Amendment may be executed in counterparts (and by different parties hereto in different counterparts), each of which shall constitute an original, but all of which when taken together shall constitute a single contract. The Effective Date of this Amendment shall be completed by the Lender as of the date when each of the conditions precedent below shall be satisfied 
 (i) No Event of Default . No Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing 
 9. Authorization Documents . The Lender shall have received a certificate of a responsible officer of each Loan Party dated as of the Effective Date certifying (a) that attached thereto is a true and complete copy of the resolutions, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Lender, of its members or other governing body authorizing the execution, delivery and performance of this Amendment, and that such resolutions have not been amended, modified, revoked or rescinded in any manner and are in full force and effect, (b) that attached thereto is a true and complete copy of its certificate of formation or equivalent document, certified by the Secretary of State of the State in which it is formed, and its organizational documents and that such certificate of formation and organizational documents have not been amended, modified, revoked or rescinded and are in full force and effect or certifying no changes from those last delivered to the Lender, (c) as to the incumbency and specimen signatures of each officer executing this Amendment on its behalf, and (d) that (i) the representations made by it contained in the Loan Documents to which it is a party are true and correct in all material respects, (ii) it is in compliance with all of its covenants contained in the Loan Documents to which it is a party, (iii) there exists no Event of Default and (iv) there has been no material adverse change in the condition (financial or otherwise), operations, properties, assets or prospects of the Loan Parties taken as a whole since June 30, 2022. 
 (i) Receipt of Loan Documents . The Lender shall have received this Amendment fully executed by the Parties 
 6 

10. Opinion of Counsel . The Lender shall have received one or more written opinions of the Loan Parties counsel addressed to the Lender and covering such matters as the Lender may reasonably require 
 (i) Extension Fee . The Broker Dealer shall have paid to the Lender an extension fee of ten (10) basis points on the aggregate commitments, which shall be fully earned and non-refundable as of the Effective Date of this Amendment and, to the extent invoiced at least one (1) Business Day prior to the date hereof, reimburse the Lender for any other costs and expenses due and payable pursuant to the terms hereof, including reasonable attorneys fees and expenses and 
 11. This Amendment shall have been approved by FINRA and this Amendment shall not be modified or amended without the consent of FINRA. 
 (a) The words execution, signed, signature, and words of like import in this Amendment shall be deemed to include electronic signatures or the keeping of records in electronic form, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be, to the extent and as provided for in any applicable Law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records Act, or any other similar state Laws based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act. The Parties agree that this Amendment may, at the Lender s option, be in the form of an electronic record and may be signed or executed using electronic signatures. For the avoidance of doubt, the authorization under this paragraph may include, without limitation, use or acceptance by the Lender of a manually signed paper signature page which has been converted into electronic form (such as scanned into PDF format) for transmission, delivery and or retention. 
 12. Section Headings . Section headings used in this Amendment are for convenience of reference only and shall not govern the interpretation of any of the provisions of this Amendment. 
 13. Severability . The provisions of this Amendment are intended to be severable. If any provision of this Amendment shall be held invalid or unenforceable in whole or in part in any jurisdiction, such provision shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such invalidity or unenforceability without in any manner affecting the validity or enforceability thereof in any other jurisdiction or the remaining provisions hereof in any jurisdiction. 
 14. Fees and Costs . The Broker Dealer will pay on demand all out-of-pocket fees, costs, and expenses of the Lender, including but not limited to the fees and expenses of outside counsel, in connection with the preparation, execution, and delivery of this Amendment. 
 15. Governing Law, Etc . The terms of the Subordination Agreement relating to governing law, submission to jurisdiction, waiver of venue and waiver of jury trial are incorporated herein by reference, mutatis mutandis , and the Parties agree to such terms. 
 16. Ratification of Terms . The Broker Dealer expressly ratifies and confirms the dispute resolution, waiver of jury trial or arbitration provisions, as applicable, contained in the Existing Documents, all of which are incorporated herein by reference. 
 7 

17. Construction . Reference to the Amendment or this Amendment means the Amendment to the Previously Approved Subordination Agreement and the Supplement to the Amendment to the Previously Approved Subordination Agreement, together with Exhibit A attached hereto. Each such document is hereby incorporated into, and deemed to be part of, this Amendment. 
 Signature Page Follows 
 8 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties, by their officers thereunto duly authorized, have executed this Amendment as of the day and year first above written. 
 EVERCORE GROUP L.L.C 
 
 By _______________________________________ 
 Name ____________________________________ 
 Title _____________________________________ 
 EVERCORE LP 
 
 _________________________________________ Name Title 
 EVERCORE GROUP HOLDINGS L.P. 
 
 _________________________________________ Name Title 
 PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION 
 
 By _______________________________________ 
 Name ____________________________________ 
 Title _____________________________________ 

Signature Page to 2022 Evercore Amendment to Previously Approved Subordination Agreement 

</EX-10.41>

<EX-21.1>
 5
 evr12312022ex211.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

Exhibit 21.1 Name Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization Evercore Advisors L.L.C. Delaware Evercore GP Holdings L.L.C. Delaware Evercore Group Holdings L.P. Delaware Evercore Group Holdings L.L.C. Delaware Evercore Group L.L.C. Delaware Evercore LP Delaware Evercore ISI International Limited England and Wales Evercore Partners Limited England and Wales Evercore Partners International L.L.P England and Wales Evercore Partners Services East L.L.C. Delaware Protego Administradores, S. de R.L. Mexico Evercore Partners Mexico, S. de R.L. Mexico Evercore ISI M xico, S. de R.L. Mexico Protego PE, S. de R.L. Mexico Protego Servicios, S.C. Mexico Protego SI, S.C. Mexico Sedna S. de R.L. Mexico Evercore Mexico GP Holdings L.L.C. Delaware Evercore Wealth Management L.L.C. Delaware Evercore Holdings Limited England and Wales Evercore Trust Company, N.A. New York Evercore Asia Limited Hong Kong Evercore Brasil Participacoes LTDA Brazil Evercore Partners Canada Ltd. Canada Evercore Asia (Singapore) Pte. Ltd. Singapore Evercore BD Investco LLC Delaware Evercore Group Services Limited England and Wales Evercore GmbH Germany Evercore (Japan) Ltd. Japan Evercore Consulting (Beijing) Co. Ltd. China Evercore Advisory (Middle East) Limited Dubai Evercore Israel L.L.C. Delaware 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 6
 evr12312022ex231.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

Exhibit 23.1 
 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement No. 333-136506, 333-193334, 333-212205, 333-214718, 333-239435 and 333- 265904 on Form S-8, Registration Statement Nos. 333-249802 on Form S-3ASR, and Registration Statement Nos. 333-145696, 333-159037, 333-167393 and 333-171487 on Form S-3 of our report dated February 24, 2023, relating to the consolidated financial statements of Evercore Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company ), and the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

s DELOITTE & TOUCHE LLP 
 
 New York, New York 
 February 24, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 7
 evr12312022ex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER CERTIFICATION 
 I, John S. Weinberg, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Evercore Inc. (the Registrant 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The Registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The Registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Dated February 24, 2023 
 
 s JOHN S. WEINBERG John S. Weinberg Chief Executive Officer and Chairman 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 8
 evr12312022ex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER CERTIFICATION 
 I, Paul Pensa, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Evercore Inc. (the Registrant 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The Registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The Registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Dated February 24, 2023 
 
 s PAUL PENSA Paul Pensa Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 9
 evr12312022ex321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, 
 As Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Evercore Inc. (the Company as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, John S. Weinberg, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Dated February 24, 2023 
 
 s JOHN S. WEINBERG John S. Weinberg Chief Executive Officer and Chairman 
 
 The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 and is not being filed as part of the Report or as a separate disclosure document. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 10
 evr12312022ex322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, 
 As Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Evercore Inc. (the Company as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Paul Pensa, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Dated February 24, 2023 
 
 s PAUL PENSA Paul Pensa Chief Financial Officer 
 
 The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 and is not being filed as part of the Report or as a separate disclosure document. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 11
 evr-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 12
 evr-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 13
 evr-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 14
 evr-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 15
 evr-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

