<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230328_10-K_edgar_data_1468929_0001493152-23-009190.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>9513471</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>175060</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1258614</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3899128</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1748915</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2149698</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-009190.hdr.sgml : 20230328
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230327215609
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-009190
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		90
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230328
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230327

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			NEXGEL, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001468929
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SURGICAL & MEDICAL INSTRUMENTS & APPARATUS [3841]
		IRS NUMBER:				264042544
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41173
		FILM NUMBER:		23766010

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2150 CABOT BLVD WEST,
		STREET 2:		SUITE B
		CITY:			LANGHORNE
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			19047
		BUSINESS PHONE:		215 702-8550

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2150 CABOT BLVD WEST,
		STREET 2:		SUITE B
		CITY:			LANGHORNE
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			19047

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	AquaMed Technologies, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20090723

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-009190.txt : 20230328

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 WASHINGTON
D.C. 20549 

FORM

(Mark
One) 

ANNUAL
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended: , 

OR 

TRANSITION
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from ___________ to ___________ 

Commission
file number: 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation
 or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 Identification
 Number) 

, 
 , 

(Address
 of principal executive office) 
 
 (Zip
 Code) 

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code: 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading 
 Symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which 
 registered 

The
 Capital Market LLC 

The
 Capital Market LLC 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if
the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a nonaccelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 
 Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 

 Yes

The aggregate market value of the voting stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of June 30, 2022, the last business day of
the registrant s second fiscal quarter, was approximately based on the price at which the registrant last sold common
equity. 

As
of March 27, 2023, the registrant had shares of common stock outstanding. 

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Table of Contents 

Part
 I 

Item
 1 
 
 Business 
 2 
 
 Item
 1A 
 
 Risk
 Factors 
 9 
 
 Item
 1B 
 
 Unresolved
 Staff Comments 
 15 
 
 Item
 2 
 
 Properties 
 15 
 
 Item
 3 
 
 Legal
 Proceedings 
 15 
 
 Item
 4 
 
 Mine
 Safety Disclosures 
 15 

Part
 II 

Item
 5 
 
 Market
 for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters 
 16 
 
 Item
 6 
 
 [Reserved] 
 16 
 
 Item
 7 
 
 Management s
 Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 16 
 
 Item
 7A 
 
 Quantitative
 and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 20 
 
 Item
 8 
 
 Financial
 Statements and Supplementary Data 
 F-1 
 
 Item
 9 
 
 Changes
 in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 21 
 
 Item
 9A 
 
 Controls
 and Procedures 
 21 

Part
 III 

Item
 10 
 
 Directors,
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 22 
 
 Item
 11 
 
 Executive
 Compensation 
 22 
 
 Item
 12 
 
 Security
 Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 22 
 
 Item
 13 
 
 Certain
 Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 22 
 
 Item
 14 
 
 Principal
 Accountant Fees and Services 
 22 

Part
 IV 

Item
 15 
 
 Exhibits
 and Financial Statement Schedules 
 22 

Signatures 
 27 

2 

 Table of Contents 

Basis
of Presentation 

On
November 29, 2021, the Company effected a 1-for-35 reverse stock split of our issued and outstanding common stock (the Reverse
Stock Split ). As a result of the Reverse Stock Split, each issued and outstanding share of our common stock, and the per share
exercise price of and number of shares of the Company s common stock underlying our outstanding equity awards and warrants, was
automatically proportionally adjusted based on the 1-for-35 Reverse Stock Split ratio. No fractional shares of common stock were issued
in connection with the reverse stock split, and all such fractional interests were rounded up to the nearest whole number. 

Except
as otherwise provided herein, all share and per-share amounts of our common stock, equity awards and warrants, including the shares of
common stock and warrants being offered hereby, have been adjusted to give effect to the Reverse Stock Split for all years presented.
The Reverse Stock Split did not alter the par value of the Company s common stock, which remains at 0.001 per share, modify any
voting rights or other terms of our common stock, or impact the amount of preferred stock the Company is authorized to issue. 

Forward-Looking
Statements 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements, which include information relating to future events, future
financial performance, strategies, expectations, competitive environment and regulation. Words such as may, should, 
 could, would, predict, potential, continue, expect, 
 anticipate, future, intend, plan, believe, estimate, 
and similar expressions, as well as statements in future tense, identify forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements should
not be read as a guarantee of future performance or results and may not be accurate indications of when such performance or results will
actually be achieved. Forward-looking statements are based on information we have when those statements are made or our management s
good faith belief as of that time with respect to future events and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual performance
or results to differ materially from those expressed in or suggested by the forward-looking statements. Important factors that could
cause such differences include, but are not limited to: 

our
 ability to continue as a going concern; 

inadequate
 capital; 

inadequate
 or an inability to raise sufficient capital to execute our business plan; 

our
 ability to comply with current good manufacturing practices; 

loss
 or retirement of key executives; 

our
 plans to make significant additional outlays of working capital before we expect to generate significant revenues and the uncertainty
 regarding when we will begin to generate significant revenues, if we are able to do so; 

adverse
 economic and geopolitical conditions, including the current conflict in Ukraine, and/or intense competition; 

loss
 of a key customer or supplier; 

entry
 of new competitors; 

adverse
 federal, state and local government regulation; 

technological
 obsolescence of our manufacturing process and equipment; 

technical
 problems with our research and products; 

risks
 of mergers and acquisitions including the time and cost of implementing transactions and the potential failure to achieve expected
 gains, revenue growth or expense savings; 

price
 increases for supplies and components; and 

the
 inability to carry out our business plans. 

For
a discussion of these and other risks that relate to our business and investing in shares of our common stock, you should carefully review
the risks and uncertainties described elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The forward-looking statements contained in this
Annual Report on Form 10-K are expressly qualified in their entirety by this cautionary statement. We do not undertake any obligation
to publicly update any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after the date on which any such statement is made
or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. 

There
may be other factors that may cause our actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements, including factors disclosed
under the section titled and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
in this information statement. You should evaluate all forward-looking statements made in this information statement in the context of
these risks and uncertainties. 

No
assurance can be given that any goal or plan set forth in any forward-looking statement can or will be achieved, and readers are cautioned
not to place undue reliance on such statements which speak only as of the date they are made. We do not undertake any obligation to update
or release any revisions to any forward-looking statement or to report any events or circumstances after the date of this information
statement or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events, except as required by law. 

3 

 Table of Contents 

Our
Company 

We
were incorporated in Delaware on January 13, 2009. We manufacture high water content, electron beam cross-linked, aqueous polymer hydrogels,
or gels, used for wound care, medical diagnostics, transdermal drug delivery and cosmetics. We specialize in custom gels by capitalizing
on proprietary manufacturing technologies. We have historically served as a contract manufacturer, supplying our gels to third parties
who incorporate them into their own products and have recently began producing our own consumer products using our gels focused on proprietary
branded products and white label opportunities. Both our gels and our consumer products are manufactured using proprietary and non-proprietary
mixing, coating and cross-linking technologies. Together, these technologies enable us to produce gels that can satisfy rigid tolerance
specifications with respect to a wide range of physical characteristics (e.g., thickness, water content, adherence, absorption, moisture
vapor transmission rate (a measure of the passage of water vapor through a substance) and release rate) while maintaining product integrity.
Additionally, we have the manufacturing ability to offer broad choices in the selection of liners onto which the gels are coated. Consequently,
we and our customers are able to determine tolerances in moisture vapor transmission rate and active ingredient release rates while personalizing
color and texture. 

Contract
Manufacturing Business 

As
described above, we have historically served as a contract manufacturer, supplying our gels to third parties who incorporate them into
their own products. Our hydrogels are currently being marketed in the U.S. and abroad by our customers for the following applications: 

Drug
 Delivery . We believe delivering medication through hydrogel patches has important advantages over traditional methods of drug
 delivery. Hydrogel patches are less intrusive, painless, allow for pre-planned medication time periods, can potentially release medication
 in a manner consistent with the body s own glandular activity (by avoiding dosage spikes and/or digestive alteration), and
 minimize side effects related to the medication via injection or ingestion. 

Other
 Medical Applications . Hydrogel patches are being used for transdermal applications such as hormone replacement therapy and contraception,
 treatment of acne, shingles, diabetes, motion sickness, treatment of angina with nitroglycerin and treatment of smoking addiction
 using nicotine and palliatives (i.e., pain relievers). 

Non-Prescription
 Therapeutic Applications . Hydrogel patches are also used in the medical community and are also directly marketed to consumers
 for topical application of over the counter OTC drugs such as non-prescription acne treatments, pain relievers, diet
 preparations, cough suppressants, treatment of warts, calluses and corns, and pain relief. 

Moist
 Wound and Burn Dressings . Hydrogel dressings have long been used for treating wounds and burns. Clinical trials have demonstrated
 the benefits of moist wound healing versus traditional dressings. Some of these benefits include immediate anti-inflammatory effects,
 allowing for freer cell flow and less scarring, increased absorption of exudate, and accelerated healing. 

Components
 of Medical Devices . Several medical devices utilize hydrogels as components. These devices include active drug delivery systems
 such as iontophoresis, warming and cooling devices, medical electrodes and various medical products for sensitive skin. 

Cosmetic
 Applications . Hydrogel patches and applications allow for delivery systems of cosmetic skin care products to consumers and skin
 care providers for uses that include moisturizers, face masks, cooling masks and applicators. 

We
believe our competitive advantage in each of the general hydrogel patch applications described above is that our hydrogel patches are
gentler to the skin because we do not use chemical cross-linking agents which are incorporated into other hydrogel patches. In the past,
we have not actively marketed our hydrogel or consumer products but recently hired two salespeople to focus on expanding our customer
base and marketing efforts. Once the gels are manufactured according to a customer s specifications, the gels are generally shipped
to the customer via a contract carrier (e.g., United Parcel Service, Inc.). 

Our
Facilities 

We
manufacture our hydrogels at what we believe to be one of only two facilities that can produce state-of-the art hydrogel transdermal
products and we have successfully used over two hundred active ingredients combinations in our hydrogels to date. Our facility consists
of 13,500 square feet of manufacturing space, which we currently operate at only 5 capacity and can expand rapidly to meet increased
demand, including for our healthcare and consumer product lines as described in more detail below. At full capacity, our facility should
allow for us to produce approximately 1.4 billion square inches of product annually. Additionally, in 2021 we completed a 650,000 facility
accelerator upgrade which we believe will result in a more efficient manufacturing process. Our facility is subject to stringent FDA
compliance requirements. We also believe our facility creates a high barrier to entry into our hydrogel and consumer product business. 

4 

 Table of Contents 

Consumer
Products 

Beginning
in the third quarter of 2020, we began selling our own branded products using our hydrogel technology on the Amazon marketplace. In 2022
we expanded access to our products by launching our own direct to consumer website, Medagel.com. We currently have fourteen different
product offerings, including multiple packaging configurations of the same product, which we market under the brand names MedaGel and
LumaGel Beauty and intend to offer additional products in 2023 and beyond. The products we sell under our MedaGel brand primarily relate
to over-the-counter OTC remedy solutions, such as blister and pain applications; while the products we sell under our
LumaGel Beauty brand primarily relate to beauty and cosmetic solutions, such as wrinkle and skin cream applications. 

Additionally,
we have several more products in our development pipeline. We intend for these products to address various market opportunities including
the OTC pharmaceutical drug delivery market, pain management, beauty and cosmetics, sports related applications, cannabinoids
(CBD/THC) and general podiatry. 

Custom
and White Label Opportunities 

We
are also implementing a new strategy to leverage our hydrogel products and technologies by allowing other OTC brands to incorporate them
into their products. We believe our hydrogels, which do not use chemical cross-linking agents or parabens but rather use electronic beam
energy, will be attractive to other OTC brands, especially in the beauty and cosmetics industry, and their customers. We believe these
white labeling opportunities will increase the markets awareness of us as a consumer-friendly and reliable supplier of customizable
patches. Additionally, we created a process where customers have the ability to create their own custom hydrogel products. Customers
pay a development fee, eliminating our financial risk in the success or failure of the custom product. As opposed to our contract manufacturing
business, where we provide bulk sale of roll stock hydrogel to our customers who then use it as one component in their products which
they themselves then manufacture, test, market and sell, our custom and white label business will provide customers with a finished product
which they will then brand and re-sell. 

Medical
Devices 

We
have recently entered into the medical device development sector which a focus on analyzing, creating and developing devices and solutions
that reduce skin pain and irritation, improve and maintain skin integrity and provide greater comfort and safety for patients at the
site of which a medical device interfaces with the human body. 

We
conducted proof of concept studies for the development of our first medical device, which we call NEXDrape and have filed for a patent
on this device under the Patent Cooperation Treaty which provides patent protection in the nations who are members of the treaty. The
NEXDrape device is an incise surgical drape designed for patients with impaired skin. The elderly, diabetics, trauma patients and those
with an adhesive sensitivity can have adverse events from the removal of adhesive drapes. Additionally, patients taking certain medications,
such as ELIQUIS and steroids, may experience impaired skin as well. These groups represent a sizable percentage of the
incise surgical drape market, a market we believe to be significant and growing. The incise surgical drape market is currently fragmented
with 3M Healthcare being the market leader. Skin tears, infections, rashes, and post-surgical site pain are some of the problems that
can occur as a result of the removal of adhesive drapes, and have been reported with other currently available surgical drapes. 

We
have conducted one animal and two human cadaver proof of concept studies with respect to NEXDrape. As a result of these studies, we believe
NEXDrape will represent a gentle to the skin alternative to the current adhesive based standard of care and will provide a unique solution
for patients with fragile or compromised skin. Additionally, we believe NEXDrape offers the following benefits over the current incise
surgical drape products: (i) no skin irritation; (ii) able to deliver a wide range of antiseptic and antibiotic agents; (iii) eliminates
air bubbles; and (iv) prevents dermis removal post-surgery, which reduces the risk of patient infection and discomfort. We intend to
file a 510(k) premarket submission with the Food and Drug Administration (FDA), which is an application to demonstrate that NEXDrape
is as safe and effective (or substantially equivalent to) a legally marketed surgical drape device. There can be no guarantee that the
FDA approves our application, if submitted. 

We
are also in the process of developing a product we call NEXDerm which will be an adhesive tape designed to secure central lines and intravenous
tubes and devices to patients before, during and after medical treatment. We believe NEXDerm will be an attractive alternative to Tegaderm ,
a 3M Healthcare product. Based on our discussion with medical professionals, Tegaderm is often difficult and painful to remove
after adhesion, particularly for comprised skin patients. NEXDerm, which will incorporate exclusively licensed technology owned by Noble
Fiber, is designed to create a gentle to skin surgical tape impregnated with antimicrobial X-Static silver fiber. We
believe NEXDerm, if successfully developed, will offer the following advantages over Tegaderm : (i) ability to easily reposition
the adhesive tape; (ii) pain-free removal; (iii) gentle to the skin; and (iv) increased infection prevention. As with NEXDrape, we intend
to file a 510(k) premarket submission with the FDA to demonstrate that NEXDrape is as safe and effective (or substantially equivalent
to) a legally marketed surgical drape device. There can be no guarantee that the FDA approves our application, if submitted. 

5 

 Table of Contents 

We
are also in the early stages of exploring opportunities to develop a number of other potential medical devices. Our current intent with
any medical devices will not be to commercialize due to the expense required but to potentially prepare them to go to market and to identify
and pursue licensing and partnering arrangements with third parties possessing the necessary resources and capabilities to bring the
devices to market. 

Sales
and Marketing 

Contract
Manufacturing, Consumer Products and Customer and White Label Offerings . We continue to focus on sales and marketing efforts in the
United States. The Company has expanded their sales effort throughout 2022, including hiring a dedicated employee and contracting with
individuals for business development exploration and sales effort. These individuals have been and will continue to focus on expanding
contract manufacturing, consumer products and white label offering businesses. 

Medical
Devices . We do not intend to spend efforts or resources on selling or marketing our medical device business. Our current intent with
any medical devices will not be to commercialize due to the expense required but to identify and pursue licensing arrangements with third
parties possessing the necessary resources and capabilities to bring the devices to market. 

Competition 

Contract
Manufacturing . To our knowledge, NexGel is one of three manufacturers using electron beam technology for high performance hydrogels
for the wound care, cosmetic and drug delivery industries. 

Consumer
Products and Medical Devices. As we expand our consumer products and medical device business, we will face a number of competitors.
Our competitors include numerous manufacturers; distributors; marketers; online, specialty, mass, and other retailers; and physicians
that actively compete for the business of consumers both in the United States and abroad, including companies such as Johnson Johnson,
Pfizer Consumer Healthcare and Procter Gamble. Most of our competitors have longer operating histories, significantly greater resources,
better developed and more innovative sales and distribution channels and platforms, greater name recognition, and larger established
customer bases than we do. Therefore, a strategic partnership will be critical to our success in the medical device business. We also
face similar challenges with our own consumer branded products and may pursue similar strategic partnerships, though direct to consumer
marketing and selling is more feasible. 

Custom
and White Label Offerings . As our custom and white label offering business will provide customers with a finished product which they
will then brand and re-sell, the competition will depend, to a great deal, on the type of product the customer request and will not result
in direct competition to us. 

Sources
and Availability of Raw Materials; Principal Suppliers 

In
general, raw materials essential to our business are readily available from multiple sources. For reasons of quality assurance, availability,
or cost effectiveness, certain components and raw materials are available only from a sole supplier. The principal suppliers for our
raw materials are Berry Global, Inc., DeWolf Chemical, Inc., and Univar, Inc. Our policy is to maintain sufficient inventory of components
and raw materials so that our production will not be significantly disrupted even if a particular component or material is not available
for a period of time. 

Because
we have no direct control over these suppliers, interruptions or delays in the products and services provided by these parties may be
difficult to remedy in a timely fashion. In addition, if such suppliers are unable or unwilling to deliver the necessary components or
raw materials, we may be unable to redesign or adapt our technology to work without such components or raw materials or find alternative
suppliers or manufacturers. In such events, we could experience interruptions, delays, increased costs, quality control problems, and
or be unable to sell the applicable products, all of which could have a significant adverse impact on our revenue. 

Other
than as discussed above, we believe that, due to the size and scale of production of our suppliers, there should be an adequate supply
of components and raw materials from our other suppliers. 

Customers 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022 one major customer accounted for approximately 29 and during the year ended December 31, 2021,
three major customers accounted for approximately 42 of our revenue. We cannot be certain as to this customer s intentions to
use our services during and beyond the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 since we do not currently have a contract with this
customer. However, we have been supplying this customer for more than 15 years and have no reason to anticipate any change. Our
contract manufacturing business, including with respect to this customer, operates on a purchase order basis. 

6 

 Table of Contents 

Patents,
Proprietary Rights and Trademarks 

We
own or license trademarks covering our company and our products. We filed for a patent on NEXDrape under the Patent Cooperation Treaty
which provides patent protection in the nations who are members of the treaty. We also rely upon trade secrets and continuing technological
innovations to develop and maintain our competitive position. We also hold certain intellectual property that is not material to our
current business and prospects, including patent rights to one patent in Europe, which covers the use of lignin for inhibiting restenosis
and thrombosis formation, and coated medical devices where the coating includes lignin. This patent is set to expire in the near future,
however we believe the expiration of these patents will not have an adverse impact on our overall business. In addition, in connection
with our Spin-Off, we received an exclusive license with right to sub-license from Specialty Pharmaceutical Products, L.L.C. (which was
held by Adynxx) to two issued patents, one in the U.S. and one in Europe, which cover technology relating to a transdermal patch containing
transcutol. The transdermal patch is effective to deliver lidocaine to a patient. Neither of these patent rights are material to our
current business and prospects. These licensed patent rights are expected to expire in April 2032. 

Government
Regulation 

Product
Regulation . Under the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act, medical devices are classified by the FDA into one of three classes - Class
I, Class II or Class III - depending on the degree of risk associated with each medical device and the extent of control
needed to ensure safety and effectiveness. While some applications of hydrogels fall under the jurisdiction of the FDA, hydrogels are
generally classified as Class I exempt devices and the majority of the hydrogel products that we manufacture are thereby exempt from
the FDA filing of any regulatory submissions and/or pre-market notification requirements. To the extent that any FDA regulatory submissions
are required, we will be required to file these submissions and maintain all appropriate documentation. With respect to registering the
manufacturing facility with the FDA under the Code of Federal Regulations, 21 CFR 820.1, Scope: Part A, it is stated that the regulation
does not apply to manufacturers of component parts of finished devices. Currently, hydrogels are sold as component parts to various medical
device/cosmetic manufacturers. 

Quality
Assurance Requirements . The FDA enforces regulations to ensure that the methods used in, and the facilities and controls used for,
the manufacture, processing, packing and holding of drugs and medical devices conform with current good manufacturing practice (CGMP).
The CGMP regulations enforced by the FDA are comprehensive and cover all aspects of manufacturing operations, from receipt of raw materials
to finished product distribution, insofar as they bear upon whether drugs meet all the identity, strength, quality and purity characteristics
required of them. The CGMP regulations for devices, called the Quality System Regulation, are also comprehensive and cover all aspects
of device manufacture, from pre-production design validation to installation and servicing, insofar as they bear upon the safe and effective
use of the device and whether the device otherwise meets the requirements of the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act. To assure compliance
requires a continuous commitment of time, money and effort in all operational areas. 

The
FDA also conducts periodic inspections of drug and device registered facilities to assess their current CGMP status. If the FDA were
to find serious non-compliant manufacturing or processing practices during such an inspection, it could take regulatory actions that
could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. With respect to domestic establishments,
the FDA could initiate product seizures or in some instances require product recalls and seek to enjoin a product s manufacture
and distribution. In certain circumstances, violations could support civil penalties and criminal prosecutions. In addition, if the FDA
concludes that a company is not in compliance with CGMP requirements, sanctions may be imposed that include preventing that company from
receiving the necessary licenses to export its products and classifying that company as an unacceptable supplier , thereby
disqualifying that company from selling products to federal agencies. 

We
conduct audits of our outside manufacturers and believe that we and our suppliers and outside manufacturers are currently in compliance
with CGMP requirements. We are currently registered as a device manufacturer and distributor with the FDA and we intend to register as
a drug facility with the FDA when we are required to do so. 

Environmental
Regulation . We are subject to various laws and governmental regulations concerning environmental matters and employee safety and
health in the U.S. and other countries. We have made, and continue to make, significant investments to comply with these laws and regulations.
We cannot predict the future capital expenditures or operating costs required to comply with environmental laws and regulations. We believe
that we are currently compliant with applicable environmental, health and safety requirements in all material respects. However, we cannot
assure you that current or future regulatory, governmental, or private action will not have a material adverse effect on our performance,
results or financial condition. 

In
the future, if a loss contingency related to environmental matters, employee safety, health or conditional asset retirement obligations
is recognized, we would record a liability for the obligation and it may result in a material impact on net income for the annual or
interim period during which the liability is recorded. The investigation and remediation of environmental obligations generally occur
over an extended period of time, and therefore we do not know if these events would have a material adverse effect on our financial condition,
liquidity, or cash flow, nor can we assure you that such liabilities would not have a material adverse effect on our performance, results
or financial condition. 

Federal
and State Anti-kickback, Self-referral, False Claims and Similar Laws . Our relationships with physicians, hospitals and the marketers
of our products are subject to scrutiny under various federal anti-kickback, self-referral, false claims and similar laws, often referred
to collectively as healthcare fraud and abuse laws. Healthcare fraud and abuse laws are complex, and even minor, inadvertent violations
can give rise to claims that the relevant law has been violated. Certain states have similar fraud and abuse laws, imposing substantial
penalties for violations. Any government investigation or a finding of a violation of these laws would likely result in a material adverse
effect on the market price of our common stock, as well as our business, financial condition and results of operations. We believe that
we are currently compliant with applicable anti-kickback, self-referral, false claims in all material respects. 

7 

 Table of Contents 

Research
and Development Costs 

For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we incurred approximately 367 thousand and 31 thousand, respectively, in research and development
costs. We expect to incur increased costs in the future for our medical device business. Research and development will be an important
component in the growth of our business. 

Employees 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had 12 full-time employees. Of these employees, three are involved with finance, sales, marketing, and administration
and nine are involved with manufacturing and regulatory matters. Our employees are not represented by a labor union or other collective
bargaining groups, and we consider relations with our employees to be good. We currently plan to retain and utilize the services of outside
consultants for additional research, testing, regulatory, accounting and tax services, legal compliance, and other services on an as
needed basis. 

Properties 

We
maintain a combined corporate office and manufacturing facility in Langhorne, Pennsylvania, where we lease approximately 16,500 square
feet of office and manufacturing space. Our lease expires on January 31, 2031. We believe that our facility is well maintained and are
suitable and adequate for our current needs. 

Legal
Proceedings 

From
time to time, we may become involved in various lawsuits and legal proceedings which arise in the ordinary course of business. However,
litigation is subject to inherent uncertainties, and an adverse result in these or other matters may arise from time to time that may
harm our business. We are currently not aware of any such legal proceedings or claims. 

There
are no material proceedings in which any of our directors, officers or affiliates or any registered or beneficial shareholder of more
than 5 of our common stock is an adverse party or has a material interest adverse to our interest. 

Contractual
Obligations 

The
Company is a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and is not required to provide
the information under this item. 

8 

 Table of Contents 

Item
1A. Risk Factors 

You
should carefully consider the risks described below and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K before making an investment decision.
Our business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially adversely affected by any of these risks. Our common stock
is considered speculative and the trading price of our common stock could decline due to any of these risks, and you may lose all or
part of your investment. The following risk factors are not the only risk factors facing the Company. Additional risks and uncertainties
not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also affect our business. 

Risks
Relating to Our Business 

Our
future success depends upon market acceptance of our existing and future products. 

We
believe that our success will depend in part upon the acceptance of our existing and future products by the medical community, hospitals
and physicians and other health care providers, third-party payers, and end-users. Such acceptance may depend upon the extent to which
the medical community and end-users perceive our products as safer, more effective or cost-competitive than other similar products. Ultimately,
for our products to gain general market acceptance, it may also be necessary for us to develop marketing partners for the distribution
of our products. There can be no assurance that our products will achieve significant market acceptance on a timely basis, or at all.
Failure of some or all of our future products to achieve significant market acceptance could have a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition, and results of operations. 

Our
suppliers may fail to deliver components and raw materials and parts according to schedules, prices, quality and volumes that are acceptable
to us, or we may be unable to manage these components and raw materials effectively. 

Our
products contain materials and parts purchased globally from many suppliers, including single-source direct suppliers, which exposes
us to potential component shortages or delays. Unexpected changes in business conditions, materials pricing, labor issues, wars such
as the current conflict in Ukraine, trade policies, natural disasters, health epidemics, trade and shipping disruptions, port congestions
and other factors beyond our or our suppliers control could also affect these suppliers ability to deliver components to
us or to remain solvent and operational. Additionally, if our suppliers do not accurately forecast and effectively allocate production
or if they are not willing to allocate sufficient production to us, it may reduce our access to components and raw materials, thus requiring
us to search for new suppliers. The unavailability of any component or supplier could result in production delays, idle manufacturing
facilities, product design changes and loss of access to important technology and tools for producing and supporting our products. Our
suppliers may not be willing or able to sustainably meet our timelines or our cost, quality and volume needs, or to do so may cost us
more, which may require us to replace them with other sources. While we believe that we will be able to secure additional or alternate
sources for most of our components, there is no assurance that we will be able to do so quickly or at all. 

As
the scale of production of our products, we will also need to accurately forecast, purchase, warehouse and transport components at high
volumes to our manufacturing facilities. If we are unable to accurately match the timing and quantities of component purchases to our
actual needs or successfully implement automation, inventory management and other systems to accommodate the increased complexity in
our supply chain and parts management, we may incur unexpected production disruption, storage, transportation and write-off costs, which
may harm our business and operating results. 

We
are dependent on significant customers. 

Our
hydrogel manufacturing business is currently our sole source of revenue, and much of this revenue is generated from a limited number
of clients, who account for a substantial percentage of our total revenues. For the year ended December 31, 2022, one major customer
accounted for approximately 29 of our revenue. The loss of any of our significant customers would have a significantly negative effect
on our overall operations. 

We
rely heavily on the Amazon marketplace for the sales and distribution of our consumer products, and if we are unable to maintain a good
relationship with Amazon or if Amazon experiences disruptions, our business will suffer. 

We
rely heavily on the Amazon marketplace for the sales and distribution of our consumer products to our end consumers. We believe that
we have good relationships with Amazon. However, if we or any of our partners, (or if Amazon believes we or any of our partners have
violated) its terms of service, Amazon could limit or terminate its relationship with us. Any limitation or termination of our relationship
with Amazon could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and or results of operations. Additionally, any prolonged
disruption of Amazon s website or its delivery and distribution of our consumer products could materially adversely impact our
business. 

9 

 Table of Contents 

We
have no contracts in place with our customers in either our contract manufacturing or consumer products business. The absence of such
contracts could result in periods during which we must continue to pay costs without revenues. 

Our
sales are made on a purchase order basis, we do not have contracts with our customers in either our contract manufacturing or consumer
products business. Accordingly, our customers are not required to purchase a minimum amount of our products, and we therefore could have
periods during which we have no or limited orders for our products, which will make it difficult for us to operate as we will have to
continue paying our expenses. We cannot provide assurance that we will be able to timely locate new customers, if at all, when our existing
customers are not placing orders. The periods in which we have no or limited purchase orders for our products would have a material adverse
effect on our business and financial condition. 

We
operate in a highly competitive industry. 

Competition
from other hydrogel manufacturers is intense. There can be no assurance that we can develop products that are more effective or achieve
greater market acceptance than competitive products, or that our competitors will not succeed in developing or acquiring products and
technologies that are more effective than those being developed by us, that would render our products and technologies less competitive
or obsolete. 

Our
competitors enjoy several competitive advantages over us, including some or all of the following: 

large
 and established distribution networks in the U.S. and/or in international markets; 

greater
 financial, managerial and other resources for products, research and development, sales and marketing efforts and protecting and
 enforcing intellectual property rights; 

significantly
 greater name recognition; 

more
 expansive portfolios of intellectual property rights; and 

greater
 experience in obtaining and maintaining regulatory approvals and/or clearances from the FDA and other regulatory agencies. 

Our
competitors products will compete directly with our products. In addition, our competitors, as well as new market entrants, may
develop or acquire new products that will compete directly or indirectly with our products. The presence of this competition in our market
may lead to pricing pressure which would make it more difficult to sell our products at a price that will make us profitable or prevent
us from selling our products at all. Our failure to compete effectively would have a material and adverse effect on our business, results
of operations and financial condition. 

As
we enter the consumer product business sector to a larger extent, our failure to compete successfully could materially harm our business,
financial condition, and operating results. 

The
business of developing and marketing consumer and personal care products is highly competitive and sensitive to the introduction of new,
competitive products, which may rapidly capture a significant share of the applicable market. Our competitors include numerous manufacturers;
distributors; marketers; online, specialty, mass, and other retailers; and physicians that actively compete for the business of consumers
both in the United States and abroad. Most of our competitors have longer operating histories, significantly greater resources, better-developed
and more innovative sales and distribution channels and platforms, greater name recognition, and larger established customer bases than
we do. Our present and future competitors may be able to better withstand reductions in prices or other adverse economic or market conditions
than we can; develop products that are comparable or superior to those we offer; adapt more quickly or effectively to new technologies,
changing regulatory requirements, evolving industry trends and standards, and customer requirements than we can; and/or devote greater
resources to the development, promotion, and sale of their products than we do. In addition, because the industry in which we operate
is not particularly capital intensive or otherwise subject to high barriers to entry, it is relatively easy for new competitors to emerge
that will compete with us. Accordingly, competition may intensify, and we may not be able to compete effectively in our markets. If we
are not able to compete successfully in the consumer products sector, our business, financial condition, and operating results would
be materially adversely affected. 

Our
failure to appropriately respond to changing consumer trends, preferences, and demand for new products and product enhancements could
materially harm our business, financial condition, and operating results. 

Our
consumer products business is subject to rapidly changing consumer trends and preferences and product introductions. Our success will
depend in part on our ability to anticipate and respond to these changes and introductions, and we may not respond or develop new products
or product enhancements in a cost-effective, timely, or commercially appropriate manner. The success of our new product offerings and
enhancements depends on a number of factors, including our ability to: 

accurately
 anticipate consumer needs; 

innovate
 and develop new products and product enhancements that meet these needs; 

successfully
 commercialize new products and product enhancements; 

price
 our products competitively; 

manufacture
 and deliver our products in sufficient volumes and in a cost-effective and timely manner; and 

differentiate
 our product offerings from those of our competitors and successfully respond to other competitive pressures, including technological
 advancements, evolving industry standards, and changing regulatory requirements. 

10 

 Table of Contents 

Our
failure to accurately predict changes in consumer demand and technological advancements could negatively impact consumer opinion of our
products or our business. In addition, if we do not introduce new products or make enhancements to meet the changing needs of our customers
in a cost-effective, timely, and commercially appropriate manner, or if our competitors release new products or product enhancements
before we do, some of our product offerings could be rendered obsolete, which could cause our market share to decline and negatively
impact our business, financial condition, and operating results. 

If
we fail to further penetrate existing markets, the sales of our consumer products, along with our operating results, could be negatively
impacted. 

The
success of our consumer product business will be to a large extent contingent on our ability to penetrate existing markets, which is
subject to numerous factors, many of which are out of our control. Moreover, our growth in existing markets will depend upon our ability
to achieve brand awareness. Therefore, we cannot assure you that our general efforts to achieve market penetration in existing markets
will be successful. If we are unable to further penetrate existing markets, our business, financial condition, and operating results
could materially suffer. 

We
are subject to governmental regulations in all aspects of our business. 

Like
other companies in the healthcare industry, we are subject to extensive regulation, investigations and legal action, by national, state
and local government agencies in the U.S. Regulatory issues regarding compliance with current Good Manufacturing Practices (cGMP) by
manufacturers of medical devices and consumer products can lead to fines and penalties, product recalls, product shortages, interruptions
in production, delays in new product approvals and litigation. In addition, the marketing, pricing and sale of our products are subject
to regulation, investigations and legal actions including under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, federal and state false claims
acts, state unfair trade practices acts and consumer protection laws. Scrutiny of health care industry business practices by government
agencies and state attorneys general in the U.S., and any resulting investigations and prosecutions, carry risk of significant civil
and criminal penalties. 

As
we continue to develop our medical devices, if we fail to protect our intellectual property in the future, our ability to compete could
be negatively affected, which could materially harm our financial condition and operating results. 

As
we continue to develop our medical devices, such as NEXDrape, our future success and the market for our products will depend to a significant
extent upon the goodwill associated with our trademark and tradenames and our ability to protect our proprietary rights in our innovative
products and product enhancements. We own, or have licenses to use, the material trademark and trade name rights used in connection with
the packaging, marketing, and distribution of our products in the markets where those products are sold. Therefore, trademark and trade
name protection are important to our business. Although most of our trademarks are filed in the United States, we may not be successful
in asserting trademark or trade name protection or obtaining new trademark registrations. 

We
will attempt to protect our innovative products and product enhancements under a combination of patents, trademarks, and trade secret
laws, confidentiality procedures, and contractual provisions. However, monitoring infringement or misappropriation of intellectual property
can be difficult and expensive, and we may not be able to detect every infringement or misappropriation of our proprietary rights or
to prevent third parties from infringing upon or misappropriating our proprietary rights or from independently developing non-infringing
products that are competitive with, equivalent to, or superior to our products. Even if we do detect infringement or misappropriation
of our proprietary rights, litigation to enforce these rights could cause us to divert financial and other resources away from our business
operations and may result in the impairment or loss of all or portions of our proprietary rights. As a result, we cannot assure you that
we will be able to adequately protect our intellectual property in any jurisdictions. The loss or infringement of our trademarks or tradenames
or other proprietary rights could impair the goodwill associated with our brands and harm our reputation, which could materially harm
our business, financial condition, and operating results. 

We
have limited sales, marketing and distribution capabilities. 

We
currently have limited sales, marketing and distribution capabilities. We must either develop our own sales, marketing and distribution
capabilities, which will be expensive and time consuming, or make arrangements with third parties to perform these services for us. If
we enter into third party arrangements, the third parties may not be capable of successfully selling any of our products. If we decide
to market any of our products on our own, we will have to commit significant resources to developing a marketing and sales force and
supporting distribution capabilities. If we decide to enter into arrangements with third parties for performance of these services, we
may find that they are not available on terms acceptable to us, or at all. If we are not able to establish and maintain successful arrangements
with third parties or build our own sales and marketing infrastructure, our business and financial condition will be adversely affected. 

11 

 Table of Contents 

Our
products risk exposure to product liability claims. 

We
are exposed to potential product liability risks, which are inherent in the testing, manufacturing and marketing of our products. We
may incur significant expense investigating and defending any product liability claims, even if they do not result in liability. Moreover,
even if no judgments, fines, damages or liabilities are imposed on us, our reputation could suffer, which could have a material adverse
effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We
are reliant upon two manufacturers for key ingredients of the manufacture of our hydrogels. 

The
Dow Chemical Company and the BASF Corporation are the principal manufacturers of the two polymers, polyethylene oxide and polyvinylpyrrolidone,
respectively, that we primarily use in the manufacture of hydrogels. Although we have not experienced significant production delays attributable
to supply changes, we believe that developing alternative sources of supply for the polymers used to make our current hydrogels would
be difficult over a short period of time. Because we have no direct control over its third-party suppliers, interruptions or delays in
the products and services provided by these third parties may be difficult to remedy in a timely fashion. In addition, if such suppliers
are unable or unwilling to deliver the necessary raw materials or products, we may be unable to redesign or adapt our technology to work
without such raw materials or products or find alternative suppliers or manufacturers. In such events, we could experience interruptions,
delays, increased costs or quality control problems, which would have a material and adverse effect on our business, results of operations
and financial condition. 

There
can be no assurance that our internal controls over financial reporting will be able to detect fraud or other issues. 

We
will be required under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 to include a report of management on our internal controls that contains an assessment
by management of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. Because and so long as we are an emerging growth
company, our public accounting firm auditing our financial statements will not be required to report on the effectiveness of internal
control over financial reporting, and our stockholders will not have the benefit thereof. Effective internal controls are necessary for
us to provide reliable financial reports and effectively prevent fraud. However, a control system, no matter how well conceived and operated,
can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. There can be no assurance that
all control issues or fraud will be detected. In connection with the Merger, and as we continue to grow our business, our internal controls
continue to become more complex and require more resources. 

Our
ability to provide customers with competitive services is dependent on our ability to attract and retain qualified personnel, including
our senior management team. 

Our
ability to grow and provide our customers with competitive services is partially dependent on our ability to attract and retain highly
motivated people with the skills necessary to serve our customers. Personnel with the requisite skills or qualifications may be in short
supply or generally unavailable. The loss of personnel could impair our ability to perform under certain contracts, which could have
a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial position, results of operations, prospects and cash flows. 

Changes
in accounting standards and subjective assumptions, estimates and judgments by management related to complex accounting matters could
significantly affect our financial results or financial condition. 

GAAP
and related accounting pronouncements, implementation guidelines and interpretations with regard to a wide range of matters that are
relevant to our business, including but not limited to revenue recognition, business combinations, impairment of goodwill, indefinite-lived
intangible assets and long-lived assets, inventory and equity-based compensation, are highly complex and involve many subjective assumptions,
estimates and judgments. Changes in these rules or their interpretation or changes in underlying assumptions, estimates or judgments
could significantly change our reported or expected financial performance or financial condition. 

Our
ability to pursue strategic partnerships may impact our ability to compete in the markets we serve or desire to enter. 

We
have entered into, and expect to seek to enter into, additional strategic partnerships with other industry participants as part of an
effort to expand our business. However, we may be unable to identify attractive strategic partnership candidates or complete such partnerships
on terms favorable to us. In addition, if we are unable to successfully implement our partnership strategies or our strategic partners
do not fulfill their obligations or otherwise do not prove advantageous to our business, our investments in such partnerships and our
anticipated business expansion could be adversely affected. 

Achieving
our growth objectives may prove unsuccessful. We may be unable to identify future attractive strategic partnerships, which may adversely
affect our growth. In addition, our ability to consummate or implement our strategic partnerships may be materially and adversely affected. 

12 

 Table of Contents 

Risks
Relating to our Common Stock and Capital Structure 

An
active trading market may not develop or be sustained, and our stock price may fluctuate significantly once we do trade. 

Our
common stock and certain of our warrants trade on The Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbols NXGL and NXGLW, 
respectively. However, prior to December, 2021 there has historically been no public market for our common stock and an active trading
market for our common stock may not develop or may not be sustained in the future. The lack of an active market may make it more difficult
for stockholders to sell our shares and could lead to our share price being depressed or volatile. 

We
cannot predict the prices at which our common stock may trade. The market price of our common stock may fluctuate widely, depending on
many factors, some of which may be beyond our control, including: 

actual
 or anticipated fluctuations in our operating results due to factors related to our business; 

success
 or failure of our business strategies; 

our
 quarterly or annual earnings, or those of other companies in our industry; 

our
 ability to obtain financing as needed; 

announcements
 by us or our competitors of significant acquisitions or dispositions; 

changes
 in accounting standards, policies, guidance, interpretations or principles; 

the
 failure of securities analysts to cover our common stock after we commence trading; 

changes
 in earnings estimates by securities analysts or our ability to meet those estimates; 

the
 operating and stock price performance of other comparable companies; 

overall
 market fluctuations; 

results
 from any material litigation or government investigation; 

changes
 in laws and regulations (including tax laws and regulations) affecting our business; 

changes
 in capital gains taxes and taxes on dividends affecting stockholders; and 

general
 economic conditions and other external factors, including wars such as the current conflict in Ukraine and other geopolitical risks. 

Furthermore,
our business profile and market capitalization may not fit the investment objectives of some of our stockholders and, as a result, these
stockholders may sell their shares of our common stock if we are able to list our common stock on The Nasdaq Capital Market. Substantial
sales of our common stock may occur, which could cause our stock price to decline. Low trading volume for our stock, which may occur
if an active trading market does not develop, among other reasons, would amplify the effect of the above factors on our stock price volatility. 

Our
failure to meet the continued listing requirements of The Nasdaq Capital Market could result in a delisting of our common stock and warrants. 

If
we fail to continue to satisfy the continued listing requirements of The Nasdaq Stock Market, LLC such as the corporate governance requirements,
the stockholder s equity requirement or the minimum closing bid price requirement, Nasdaq may take steps to delist our common stock
and warrants. Such a delisting or even notification of failure to comply with such requirements would likely have a negative effect on
the price of our common stock and warrants and would impair your ability to sell or purchase our common stock and warrants when you wish
to do so. In the event of a delisting, we expect that we would take actions to restore our compliance with Nasdaq s listing requirements,
but we can provide no assurance that any such action taken by us would allow our common stock and warrants to become listed again, stabilize
the market price or improve the liquidity of our common stock and warrants, prevent our common stock from dropping below the Nasdaq minimum
bid price requirement or prevent future non-compliance with Nasdaq s listing requirements. 

We
cannot assure you that we will pay dividends on our common stock, and our indebtedness may limit our ability to pay dividends on our
common stock. 

The
timing, declaration, amount and payment of future dividends to stockholders will fall within the discretion of our Board of Directors.
Our Board of Directors decisions regarding the payment of future dividends will depend on many factors, including our financial
condition, earnings, capital requirements of our business and covenants associated with debt obligations, as well as legal requirements,
regulatory constraints, industry practice and other factors that our Board of Directors deems relevant. There can be no assurance that
we will pay a dividend in the future or continue to pay any dividend if we do commence paying dividends. 

The
interests of our principal stockholders, officers and directors, who collectively beneficially own approximately 27 of our stock,
may not coincide with yours and such stockholders will have the ability to control decisions with which you may disagree. 

As
of March 27, 2023, our principal stockholders, officers and directors beneficially owned approximately 27 of our common stock. As
a result, our principal stockholders, officers and directors will have the ability to substantially influence matters requiring stockholder
approval, including the election of directors and approval of significant corporate transactions. In addition, this concentration of
ownership may delay or prevent a change in control of our company and make some future transactions more difficult or impossible without
the support of our controlling stockholders. The interests of such stockholders may not coincide with your interests or the interests
of other stockholders. 

13 

 Table of Contents 

If
we fail to maintain an effective system of internal controls over financial reporting, we may not be able to accurately report our financial
results or prevent fraud and our business may be harmed and our stock price may be adversely impacted. 

Effective
internal controls over financial reporting are necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports and to effectively prevent fraud.
Any inability to provide reliable financial reports or to prevent fraud could harm our business. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires management
to evaluate and assess the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. In order to continue to comply with the requirements
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, we are required to continuously evaluate and, where appropriate, enhance our policies, procedures and internal
controls. If we fail to maintain the adequacy of our internal controls over financial reporting, we could be subject to litigation or
regulatory scrutiny and investors could lose confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports. We cannot assure you
that in the future we will be able to fully comply with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act or that management will conclude that
our internal control over financial reporting is effective. If we fail to fully comply with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act,
our business may be harmed and our stock price may decline. 

If
securities or industry analysts do not publish research about our business, or publish negative reports about our business, our share
price and trading volume could decline. 

The
trading market for our common stock, to some extent, may at some point depend on the research and reports that securities or industry
analysts publish about our business. We do not have any control over these analysts. If one or more of the analysts elect to cover us
and downgrade our shares or lower their opinion of our shares, our share price would likely decline. If one or more of these analysts
elect to cover us and subsequently cease coverage of our company or fail to regularly publish reports on us, we could lose visibility
in the financial markets, which could cause our share price or trading volume to decline. 

Future
sales or potential sales of our common stock in the public market could cause our share price to decline. 

If
the existing holders of our common stock, particularly our directors and officers, sell a large number of shares, they could adversely
affect the market price for our common stock. Sales of substantial amounts of our common stock in the public market, or the perception
that these sales could occur, could cause the market price of our common stock to decline. 

We
may issue additional securities in the future upon conversion or exercise of outstanding securities which would result in dilution to
our stockholders. 

As
described elsewhere in this Form 10-K, we have previously issued warrants, restricted stock units, and stock options to fund our operations,
pay for services rendered and incentivize our employees and directors. The conversion or exercise of these securities would result in
substantial dilution to our stockholders. As of the date of the filing of this Form 10-K, we may be required to issue: 

524,937
 shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of outstanding stock options at a weighted average exercise price of 2.351416
 per share; 

3,637,190
 shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of warrants at a weighted average exercise price of approximately 5.16281; and 

90,432
 shares of restricted common stock issuable upon vesting. 

We
are an emerging growth company and a smaller reporting company and may elect to comply with reduced public
company reporting requirements applicable to emerging growth companies, and are subject to lesser public company reporting requirements
applicable to smaller reporting companies, which could make our common stock less attractive to investors. 

We
are an emerging growth company, as defined in the JOBS Act, and we may take advantage of certain exemptions from various
reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including reduced
disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements
of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously
approved. We may take advantage of these reporting exemptions until we are no longer an emerging growth company. We will
remain an emerging growth company until the earliest of (i) the last day of the fiscal year in which we have total annual
gross revenues of 1.07 billion or more; (ii) the fifth anniversary of the Distribution; (iii) the date on which we have issued
more than 1.0 billion in nonconvertible debt during the previous three years; or (iv) the date on which we are deemed to be a large
accelerated filer under the Exchange Act. We cannot predict if investors will find our common stock less attractive because we
may rely on these exemptions. In addition, we are a smaller reporting company and accordingly are required to provide less
public disclosure than larger public companies. If some investors find our common stock less attractive as a result, there may be a less
active trading market for our common stock and our stock price may be more volatile. 

14 

 Table of Contents 

We
will incur costs as a result of operating as a public company, and our management will be required to devote substantial time to new
compliance initiatives. 

As
a public reporting company, and particularly after we are no longer an emerging growth company, we will incur significant legal, accounting
and other expenses. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act and rules subsequently implemented by the SEC, have imposed various requirements on public
companies, including establishment and maintenance of effective disclosure and financial controls and corporate governance practices.
Our management and other personnel will need to devote a substantial amount of time to these compliance initiatives. Moreover, these
rules and regulations will entail significant legal and financial compliance costs and will make some activities more time consuming
and costly. For example, we expect that these rules and regulations may make it difficult and expensive for us to obtain director and
officer liability insurance, and we may be required to accept low policy limits and coverage. 

Provisions
in our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and Amended and Restated Bylaws and of Delaware law may prevent or delay an
acquisition of our company, which could decrease the trading price of our common stock. 

Several
provisions of our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, Amended and Restated Bylaws and Delaware law may discourage, delay
or prevent a merger or acquisition that stockholders may consider favorable. These include provisions that: 

permit
 us to issue blank check preferred stock as more fully described under Description of Our Capital Stock Anti-Takeover Effects
 of Various Provisions of Delaware Law and Our Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation and Amended and Restated Bylaws 

require
 stockholders to follow certain advance notice and disclosure requirements in order to propose business or nominate directors at an
 annual or special meeting; and 

limit
 our ability to enter into business combination transactions with certain stockholders. 

These
and other provisions of our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, Amended and Restated Bylaws and Delaware law may discourage,
delay or prevent certain types of transactions involving an actual or a threatened acquisition or change in control of us, including
unsolicited takeover attempts, even though the transaction may offer our stockholders the opportunity to sell their shares of our common
stock at a price above the prevailing market price. See Description of Our Capital Stock Anti-Takeover Effects of Various Provisions
of Delaware Law and Our Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation and Amended and Restated Bylaws for more information. 

Our
Amended and Restated Bylaws include a forum selection clause, which could limit our stockholders ability to obtain a favorable
judicial forum for disputes with us. 

Our
Amended and Restated Bylaws provide that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the sole and exclusive
forum for (i) any internal corporate claims within the meaning of the Delaware General Corporation Law DGCL ), (ii) any
derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf, (iii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any of
our directors, officers, or employees to us or to our stockholders, or (iv) any action asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision
of the DGCL, will be a state court located within the State of Delaware (or, if no state court located within the State of Delaware has
jurisdiction, the federal court for the District of Delaware). Specifically, the sole and exclusive forum for such legal actions shall
be (i) first, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware, (ii) second, if the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware lacks jurisdiction,
the Superior Court of the State of Delaware, or (iii) third, if the Superior Court of the State of Delaware lacks jurisdiction, the United
States District Court for the District of Delaware, in all cases subject to the court s having personal jurisdiction over the indispensable
parties named as defendants. This exclusive forum provision will apply to state and federal law claims, including claims under the federal
securities laws (including actions arising under the Exchange Act or the Securities Act), although our stockholders will not be deemed
to have waived our compliance with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. Section 22 of the Securities
Act, however, creates concurrent jurisdiction for federal and state courts over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created
by the Securities Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. Accordingly, there is uncertainty as to whether a court would enforce
such a forum selection provision as written in connection with claims arising under federal securities laws. Any person or entity purchasing
or otherwise acquiring any interest in shares of our capital stock is deemed to have notice of and consented to the foregoing provisions.
This forum selection provision in our bylaws may limit our stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes
with us. It is also possible that, notwithstanding the forum selection clause included in our bylaws, a court could rule that such a
provision is inapplicable or unenforceable. 

Item
1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

None. 

Item
2. Properties 

We
maintain a combined corporate office and manufacturing facility in Langhorne, Pennsylvania, where we lease approximately 16,500 square
feet of office and manufacturing space. Our lease expires on January 31, 2031. We believe that our facility is well maintained and are
suitable and adequate for our current needs. 

Item
3. Legal Proceedings 

From
time to time, we may become involved in lawsuits, investigations and claims that arise in the ordinary course of business. As of the
date of this information statement, we are not a party to any litigation whereby the outcome of such litigation, if determined adversely
to us, would materially affect our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosure 

Not
applicable. 

15 

 Table of Contents 

Part
II 

Item
5. Market for the Registrants Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

Market
Information 

Our
common stock is traded on NASDAQ Capital Markets under the symbol NXGL and certain warrants to purchase our common stock
issued on December 27, 2021 are trade on NASDAQ Capital Markets under the symbol NXGLW. 

Holders 

As
of March 27, 2023, there were over 1,109 shareholders of record and 5,611,282 shares of common stock outstanding. 

On
November 29, 2021, we effected a 1-for-35 reverse stock split of our issued and outstanding common stock (the Reverse Stock Split ).
As a result of the Reverse Stock Split, each issued and outstanding share of our common stock, and the per share exercise price of and
number of shares of our common stock underlying our outstanding equity awards and warrants, was automatically proportionally adjusted
based on the 1-for-35 Reverse Stock Split ratio. No fractional shares of common stock were issued in connection with the reverse stock
split, and all such fractional interests were rounded up to the nearest whole number. 

Sales
of Unregistered Securities during the Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2022 

The
Company did not sell any unregistered securities during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

Issuer
Repurchases of Securities during the Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2022 

The
Company did not repurchase any of its securities during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

Item
6. [Reserved] 

The
Company is a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and is not required to provide
the information under this item. 

Item
7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

The
following discussion and analysis are intended to help prospective investors understand our business, financial condition, results of
operations, liquidity and capital resources. You should read this discussion in conjunction with our financial statements and related
notes thereto included elsewhere in this information statement. 

The
statements in this discussion regarding industry outlook, expectations regarding our future performance, liquidity and capital resources
and other non-historical statements are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to numerous risks and
uncertainties, including, but not limited to, the risks and uncertainties described in Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking
Statements. Actual results may differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements. 

The
NexGel Financial Statements, discussed below, reflect the NexGel financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. The financial
information discussed below and included in this information statement, however, may not necessarily reflect what the NexGel financial
condition, results of operations, or cash flows would have been had NexGel been operated as a separate, independent entity during the
years presented, or what the NexGel financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows may be in the future. 

Overview 

We
manufacture high water content, electron beam cross-linked, aqueous polymer hydrogels, or gels, used for wound care, medical diagnostics,
transdermal drug delivery and cosmetics. We specialize in custom gels by capitalizing on proprietary manufacturing technologies. We have
historically served as a contract manufacturer, supplying our gels to third parties who incorporate them into their own products and
have recently began producing our own consumer products using our gels focused on proprietary branded products and white label opportunities.
Both our gels and our consumer products are manufactured using proprietary and non-proprietary mixing, coating and cross-linking technologies.
Together, these technologies enable us to produce gels that can satisfy rigid tolerance specifications with respect to a wide range of
physical characteristics (e.g., thickness, water content, adherence, absorption, moisture vapor transmission rate [a measure of the passage
of water vapor through a substance] and release rate) while maintaining product integrity. Additionally, we have the manufacturing ability
to offer broad choices in the selection of liners onto which the gels are coated. Consequently, we and our customers are able to determine
tolerances in moisture vapor transmission rate and active ingredient release rates while personalizing color and texture. 

16 

 Table of Contents 

2021
Initial Public Offering 

On
December 27, 2021, the Company sold an aggregate of 2,585,000 units at a price to the public of 5.50 per unit (the Offering ),
each unit consisting of one share of the Company s common stock and a warrant to purchase one share of common stock at an exercise
price of 5.50 per share 

Pursuant
to the Offering, the Company received gross proceeds of approximately 14.2 million, before deducting underwriting discounts and commissions
of seven percent (7 of the gross proceeds and estimated Offering expenses. 

Results
of Operations 

The
following sections discuss and analyze the changes in the significant line items in our statements of operations for the comparison years
identified. 

Year
Ended December 31, 2022 Compared to the Year Ended December 31, 2021 

Revenues,
net 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022 revenues were 2.05 million and increased by 497 thousand, or 32.0 , when compared to 1.55 million
for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in our overall revenues was primarily due to sales growth in both our contract manufacturing
and branded products. 

The
Company has four distinct lines of business; Contract Manufacturing, Custom White Label, Consumer Branded Products, and Medical
Devices. 

Contract
Manufacturing 

Customers
order rolls of gel rollstock ). The rollstock is shipped to our customers, which they package into finished goods. Historically,
this has been the Company s primary source of revenue. 

Custom
 White Label 

These
products often infuse various ingredients into our base gel to develop unique product offerings to satisfy market demand (e.g. aloe infused
into the gel for a beauty mask). The rollstock is converted and packaged into salable units. The finished goods are shipped to the customer,
who is ultimately responsible for product distribution. Frequently these products started as development deals, in which the customer
paid the company a small fee to develop a specific product. Once completed, the customer places a large order for newly developed product. 

Consumer
Branded Products 

These
products are finished goods marketed and sold directly to the customer by the Company through online and retail channels. The
Company is responsible for sales, marketing, and distribution. These products carry the Company s brand names. 

Medical
Devices 

Medical
Devices are a hybrid business, combining elements of Custom White Label and Consumer Branded Products. Medical Devices, which are
not yet marketed, are expected to be distributed through strategic partnerships. The Company will manufacture and possibly convert/package
the device while the strategic partner brings the product to market. Small market Medical Devices could be launched by the Company, but
also be offered to a distributor to reach the full scale of the market. 

Gross
profit (loss) Our gross profit was 256 thousand for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to a gross profit of 8 thousand
for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in the profit recorded for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to December
31, 2021, was primarily due to the higher volume of contract manufacturing sales against fixed costs and lower manufacturing labor costs.
Gross profit was approximately 12.5 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to a gross profit of 0.5 for the year ended December
31, 2021. The Company anticipates continued improvement in gross margins due to both increased revenue against fixed facility expenses
and larger productions runs on commercially proven products. 

The
components of cost of revenues are as follows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 in thousands): 

Year
 Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cost of revenues 

Materials and
 finished products 
 541 
 520 
 
 Compensation and benefits 
 702 
 569 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 83 
 86 
 
 Equipment,
 production and other expenses 
 466 
 368 
 
 Total
 cost of revenues 
 1,792 
 1,543 

Cost
of revenues increased by 249 thousand, or 16.14 , to 1.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 1.5 million
for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in cost of revenues is primarily aligned with the revenue growth in the current year. 

17 

 Table of Contents 

Selling,
general and administrative expenses . The following table highlights selling, general and administrative expenses by type for the
years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 in thousands): 

Year
 Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Selling, general and administrative
 expenses 

Compensation
 and benefits 
 526 
 381 
 
 Share-based compensation 
 282 
 285 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 16 
 13 
 
 Advertising, marketing, Amazon fees 
 436 
 320 
 
 Investor shareholder services 
 567 
 429 
 
 Franchise taxes corporate insurance 
 405 
 129 
 
 Professional and consulting fees 
 643 
 488 
 
 Other
 expenses and professional fees 
 362 
 502 
 
 Total
 selling, general and administrative expenses 
 3,237 
 2,547 

Selling,
general and administrative expenses increased by 690 thousand, or 27.09 , to 3.24 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, as
compared to 2.55 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in selling, general and administrative expenses is primarily
attributable to an increase of franchise tax expense, increased research and development investment, and the costs for professional fees
and other administrative expenses in the current year associated with public company governance requirements. 

Compensation
and benefits increased by 145 thousand, or 38.06 , to 526 thousand for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 381 thousand
for the year ended December 31, 2021. The number of employees increased compared to the prior year and officer compensation increased
in conjunction with contract renewals. 

Share-based
compensation decreased by 3 thousand, or 1.1 , to 282 thousand for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 285 thousand for
the year ended December 31, 2021. The share-based compensation related to the issuance of restricted stock awards and options to our
CEO, restricted stock awards to all employees and options to board members, employees, and advisors. 

Advertising, marketing, Amazon fees increased by 116
thousand, or 36.3 , to 436 thousand for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 320 thousand for the year ended December 31,
2021. The increase is due to the increased Amazon selling fees as well as an increase in advertising and marketing. 

Investor and shareholder services increased by 138
thousand, or 32.2 , to 567 thousand for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 429 thousand for the year ended December 31,
2021. The increase is due to the increase shareholder requirements in 2022 upon the IPO occurring on December 27, 2021. 

Franchise taxes and corporate insurance increased by 276 thousand,
or 214.0 , to 405 thousand for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 129 thousand for the year ended December 31, 2021. The exceptionally high franchise tax was due to the Company s IPO
and the associated increase in gross assets. In August of 2022, the Company reduced its authorized shares at its annual meeting. The result
of this reduction, assuming a similar asset base as the Company currently has, will reduce the 2023 franchise tax liability to approximately
 24 thousand. 

Professional and consulting fees increased by 155
thousand, or 31.8 , to 643 thousand for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 488 thousand for the year ended December 31,
2021. We continued to incur accounting and consulting fees associated with public company governance requirements. However, the increase
in professional fees compared to the prior year was in connection with our NASDAQ up-listing on December 27, 2021. 

Other expenses decreased by 140 thousand, or 27.9 ,
to 362 thousand for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 502 thousand for the year ended December 31, 2021. Other selling, general
and administrative expenses generally consist of costs associated with our selling efforts and general management, including information
technology, travel, training and recruiting. 

Research
and development expenses 

Research and development expenses increased by 336 thousand to 367 thousand for the year ended December 31,
2022 from 31 thousand for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase is due to the initiation of two proof of concept studies for
drug delivery candidates utilizing our hydrogel technology. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

Cash
Flow (in thousands) 

Years
 Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Net cash used in operating activities 
 (2,992 
 (2,753 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities 
 (5,595 
 (269 
 
 Net cash provided by
 (used in) financing activities 
 (3,662 
 16,340 
 
 Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 
 (12,249 
 13,318 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents
 at beginning of year 
 13,350 
 32 
 
 Cash and cash equivalent
 at end of year 
 1,101 
 13,350 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had 1.1 million of cash and cash equivalents and 5.5 million of marketable securities, compared to 13.4 million
of cash at December 31, 2021. Net cash used in operating activities was 3.0 million and 2.80 million for the years ended December 31,
2022 and 2021, respectively. See Notes 2 and 3 of our financial statements above for a more detailed discussion of our marketable securities. 

18 

 Table of Contents 

Net
cash used in investing activities was 5,595 thousand and 269 thousand for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
respectively, consisting of purchases of marketable securities of 6,999 thousand, the sales of marketable securities of 1,500
thousand, and purchases of capital equipment of 96 thousand for year ended December 31, 2022 and purchases of capital equipment of
 269 thousand in the prior year. 

Net
cash used by financing activities for year ended December 31, 2022 was 3.7 million which is attributable to the principal payments of
convertible notes of 3.5 million and payments of 151 thousand made on the operating lease liability. Net cash provided by financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2021 was 16.3 million which
is primarily attributable to the issuance of common stock of 13.5 million, proceeds from notes payable of 142 thousand, proceeds from convertible
notes of 3.0 million offset by principal payments on convertible notes of 100 thousand. 

At
December 31, 2022, current assets totaled 7.5 million and current liabilities totaled 859 thousand, as compared to current assets totaling
 13.9 million and current liabilities totaling 2.9 million at December 31, 2021. As a result, we had working capital of 6.6 million
at December 31, 2022, compared to a working capital of 11.0 million at December 31, 2021. The decrease in the working capital
as of December 31, 2022 is primarily attributable to the repayment of convertible notes payable of 3.5 million in the current year. 

We
have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our common stock. For the foreseeable future, we anticipate that all available funds
and any earnings generated in our business will be used to finance the growth of our business and will not be paid out as dividends to
our shareholders. Any future determination related to our dividend policy will be made at the discretion of our Board of Directors and
will depend upon, among other factors, our results of operations, financial condition, capital requirements, contractual restrictions,
business prospects and other factors our Board of Directors may deem relevant. 

Management
is exploring new product channel sales in consumer products, such as cosmetics, athletic products, and proprietary medical devices. The
Company has increased its focus on sales and developing a sales pipeline for potential customers. This customer base expansion will enable
us to provide financial stability for the foreseeable future, expand our current processes, and position us for long-term shareholder
value creation. 

We
have sufficient capital to maintain as a going concern due to the capital raise that occurred on December 27, 2021 and we believe we
have sufficient cash and marketable securities to operate our business plan through 2025. We intend to maintain and attempt to grow our
existing contract manufacturing business. We also plan to continue building and developing our catalog of consumer products for sale
to branding partners and to use our in-house capabilities to create and test market additional branded products. These products will
be target marketed and sold online through social media, television and online marketplaces. Furthermore, the Company plans to develop
its own proprietary medical devices and explore drug delivery programs for its technology. Additionally, the Company continues to evaluate
strategic initiatives (e.g., acquisitions) and additional capital raises through debt or equity may be necessary to achieve these objectives. 

We
expect to continue incurring losses for the near-term future. Our ability to continue to operate as a going concern in the long term
is dependent upon our ability to manage and grow our current products and to ultimately achieve profitable operations. Management may
consider various options to raise capital to fund potential acquisitions through equity or debt offerings. There can be no assurances,
however, that management will be able to obtain sufficient additional funds, if needed, or that such funds, if available, will be obtained
on terms satisfactory to us. The financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification
of recorded assets and liabilities that might be necessary should we be unable to continue as a going concern. Additionally, it is reasonably
possible that estimates made in the financial statements have been, or will be, materially and adversely impacted in the near term as
a result of these conditions, including the recoverability of long-lived assets. 

Additionally,
it is reasonably possible that estimates made in the financial statements have been, or will be, materially and adversely impacted in
the near term as a result of these conditions, including the recoverability of long-lived assets. 

Off
Balance Sheet Arrangements 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had no off-balance sheet arrangements in the nature of guarantee contracts, retained or contingent interests
in assets transferred to entities (or similar arrangements serving as credit, liquidity or market risk support to entities for any such
assets), or obligations (including contingent obligations) arising out of variable interests in entities providing financing, liquidity,
market risk or credit risk support to us, or that engage in leasing, hedging or research and development services with us. 

Critical
Accounting Policies and Estimates 

The
preparation of our Financial Statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles is based on the selection and application
of accounting policies that require us to make significant estimates and assumptions about the effects of matters that are inherently
uncertain. We consider the accounting policies discussed below to be critical to the understanding of our Financial Statements. Actual
results could differ from our estimates and assumptions, and any such differences could be material to our Financial Statements. 

19 

 Table of Contents 

Share-based
compensation We utilize share-based compensation in the form of incentive stock options. The fair values of incentive stock
option award grants are estimated as of the date of grant using a Black-Scholes option valuation model. Compensation expense is recognized
in the statements of operations on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period, which is generally the vesting period required
to obtain full vesting. The expected term of the awards granted is estimated using the simplified method which computes the expected
term as the sum of the award s vesting term plus the original contractual term divided by two. 

Warrant
Liability Warrants to purchase common stock were issued in connection with equity financing raises which occurred during
2019 through 2021. The fair values of the warrants are estimated as of the date of issuance and again at each year end using a Black-Scholes
option valuation model. At issuance, the fair value of the warrant is recognized as an equity issuance cost within additional paid-in-capital.
Fair value adjustments to the warrant liability are recognized in other income (expense) in the statements of operations. The expected
term of the awards granted are based on either the three-year or five-year contractual expiration date. 

Black
Scholes Inputs - The fair value of each stock option award and warrant issued was estimated on the date of grant using a Black-Scholes
option-valuation model, which requires management to make certain assumptions regarding: (i) fair value of the common stock that underlies
the stock option; (ii) the expected volatility in the market price of our common stock; (iii) dividend yield; (iv) risk-free interest
rates; and (iv) the period of time employees are expected to hold the award prior to exercise (referred to as the expected term). Under
the Black-Scholes option-valuation model, entities typically estimate the expected volatility based on historical volatilities of the
entity s own common stock. Based on the lack of historical data of volatility for the Company s common stock, the Company
based its estimate of expected volatility on a weighted average of the historical volatility of comparable public companies that manufacture
similar products and are similar in size, stage of life cycle, and financial leverage. The fair value of the common stock that underlies
the stock option is estimated by the Company considering the price of the most recent issuance of the Company s common stock. The
dividend yield is based upon the assumption that the Company will not declare a dividend over the life of the options. The risk-free
interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant for bonds with maturities consistent with the
expected term of the related award. 

Item
7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

Not
required. 

20 

 Table of Contents 

Item
8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS - TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 For
the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Page(s) 
 
 Report
 of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 F-2 

Consolidated
 Financial Statements: 

Consolidated
 Balance Sheets at December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-3 

Consolidated
 Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-4 

Consolidated
 Statements of Stockholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-5 

Consolidated
 Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-6 

Notes
 to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-7 

F- 1 

 Table of Contents 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

Board
of Directors and Shareholders of 

 NexGel,
Inc. 

Opinion
on the Consolidated Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of NexGel, Inc. (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021,
and the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the two years in the period
ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In
our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of the
Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the consolidated results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period
ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion
on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting
Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with
the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud.
The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part
of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing
an opinion on the effectiveness of the entity s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether
due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence
regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements.
We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matters 

The
critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements
that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are
material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The
communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole,
and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the
accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

Fair
Value of Stock Options, Restricted Stock Units, and Warrants 

Critical
Audit Matter Description: 

As
discussed in Note 10 of the notes to consolidated financial statements, the Company uses the Black-Scholes option pricing model to estimate
the fair value of its stock options, restricted stock units, and warrants issued for goods and services. The Black-Scholes option pricing
model involves the use of several significant estimates such as the expected life of the award expected, expected share price volatility,
dividend yield, and risk-free interest rate. 

Given
the significant estimates involved in estimating the fair value of stock options, restricted stock units, and warrants granted, the related
audit effort in evaluating management s estimates in determining the fair value of stock options required a high degree of auditor
judgment. 

How
the Critical Audit Matter was Addressed in the Audit: 

We
obtained an understanding of the Company s process to estimate the fair value of stock options, including how the Company develops
each of the estimates required to utilize the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. We applied the following audit procedures related to
testing the Company s estimates utilized in the Black-Scholes option-pricing model: 

- 
 We
 reviewed the Company s dividend history, noting the Company has not issued dividends historically and management indicated
 that no future dividends were currently anticipated. 

- 
 We
 compared the Company s risk-free interest rate used to the comparable United States treasury yield for a term comparable to
 the stock options , restricted stock units , and/or warrants expected term. 

- 
 We
 recalculated the Company s historical share price volatility for a term comparable to the stock options , restricted
 stock units , and/or warrants expected term. 

- 
 We
 recalculated the expected term of the stock options, restricted stock units, and/or warrants using the simplified method. 

/s/
 . 

March
27, 2023 

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2019. 

F- 2 

 Table of Contents 

NEXGEL,
INC 

 CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

 (in
thousands, except share and per share data) 

2022 
 2021 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 ASSETS: 

Current Assets: 

Cash 

Marketable securities 
 
 - 
 
 Accounts receivable, net 

Inventory 

Prepaid
 expenses and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Goodwill 

Intangibles, net 

Property and equipment, net 

Operating lease - right of use asset 

Other assets 

Total
 assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS 
 EQUITY 

Current Liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses and other
 current liabilities 

Convertible notes payable, net of deferred financing costs 
 - 

Notes payable, current portion 

Warrant liability 

Operating
 lease liability, current portion 

Total
 current liabilities 

Operating lease liability,
 net of current portion 

Notes
 payable, net of current portion 

Total
 liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies (Note 15) 
 - 
 - 

Preferred stock, par value per share, shares authorized,
 shares issued and outstanding 
 - 
 - 
 
 Common stock, par value per share, shares authorized;
 and shares issued and outstanding as of both December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders 
 equity 

Total liabilities and
 stockholders equity 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

 Table of Contents 

NEXGEL,
INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

 (in
thousands, except share and per share data) 

2022 
 2021 

Year
 Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Revenues, net 

Cost of revenues 

Gross profit 

Operating expenses 

Research and development 

Selling, general and
 administrative 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other income (expense) 

Change in fair value of warrant liability and warrant modification expense 

Forgiveness of debt 
 - 

Debt financing costs 
 - 

Unrealized gain on investments in marketable
 securities 
 
 - 
 
 Loss on debt extinguishment 

Interest expense 

Other income 
 
 - 
 
 Total other income (expense) 

Net loss 

Net loss per common
 share basic and diluted 

Weighted average shares
 used in computing net loss per common share basic and diluted 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

 Table of Contents 

NEXGEL,
INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

 Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

 (in
thousands, except share data) 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Equity 

Common
 Stock 
 Additional 
 Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Total 
 Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Equity 
 
 Balance, December 31, 2020 

Issuance of common stock, net of issuance costs 

- 

Restricted stock vesting 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Beneficial conversion and warrant features
 of convertible debt 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Exercise of stock options 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Share-based compensation 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Derivative liability - COVA 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Share adjustment for stock split rounding 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance, December 31, 2021 

Common
 Stock 
 Additional 
 Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Total 
 Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Equity 
 
 Balance, December 31, 2021 

Stock-based compensation 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Restricted stock vesting 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance, December 31, 2022 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

 Table of Contents 

NEXGEL,
INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

 (in
thousands) 

2022 
 2021 

Year
 Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Operating Activities 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash
 used in operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Share-based compensation 

Gain on investment in marketable
 securities 
 
 - 
 
 Changes in fair value of
 warrant liability 

Warrant modification expense 

Forgiveness of debt 
 - 

Amortization of right of use asset 

Loss of extinguishment of debt 

Amortization of deferred
 financing costs 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable, net 

Inventory 

Prepaid expenses and other
 current assets 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses and other
 current liabilities 

Deferred
 revenue 
 - 

Net
 Cash Used in Operating Activities 

Investing Activities 

Purchases of equipment 

Proceeds from sales of marketable
 securities 
 
 - 
 
 Investments in or Purchases of
 marketable securities 
 
 - 
 
 Net
 Cash Used in Investing Activities 

Financing Activities 

Principal payments on operating lease liability 
 
 - 
 
 Issuance of common stock,
 net of issuance costs 
 - 

Proceeds from notes payable 
 - 

Proceeds from convertible
 notes 
 - 

Payment of financing costs 
 - 

Principal payments of notes
 payable 
 - 

Principal payments on convertible
 notes 

Proceeds
 from notes payable (PPP) 
 - 

Net
 Cash Used in Financing Activities 

Net Increase (Decrease)
 in Cash 

Cash Beginning
 of year 

Cash End of year 

Supplemental Non-cash Investing
 and Financing Activities 

Fair value of beneficial
 conversion and warrant features of convertible notes payable 
 - 

Original issue discounts
 recognized on convertible notes payable 
 - 

Warrants issued for debt
 and equity financing costs 
 - 

Operating lease, ROU assets
 and liabilities 
 - 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

 Table of Contents 

NEXGEL,
INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 (in
thousands, except share and per share data) 

of our issued and outstanding common stock (the Reverse
Stock Split ). As a result of the Reverse Stock Split, each issued and outstanding share of our common stock, and the per share
exercise price of and number of shares of the Company s common stock underlying our outstanding equity awards and warrants, was
automatically proportionally adjusted based on the 1-for-35 Reverse Stock Split ratio. No fractional shares of common stock were issued
in connection with the reverse stock split, and all such fractional interests were rounded up to the nearest whole number. Except as
otherwise provided herein, all share and per-share amounts of our common stock, equity awards and warrants, including the shares of common
stock and warrants being offered hereby, have been adjusted to give effect to the Reverse Stock Split for all years presented. The
Reverse Stock Split did not alter the par value of the Company s common stock, which remains at per share, modify any voting
rights or other terms of our common stock, or impact the amount of preferred stock the Company is authorized to issue. 

Basis
of Presentation 

The
consolidated financial statements of the Company have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
in the United States of America GAAP and are presented in US dollars. 

million (including cash equivalents) and million of marketable securities
(see Note 3 for details of our marketable securities). For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company incurred a net loss of 
million and had a net usage of cash in operating activities of million. In addition, the Company had a working capital of million
as of December 31, 2022. Additionally, we believe we have sufficient cash and marketable securities to operate our business plan through
2025. 

On
December 27, 2021, the Company sold an aggregate of units at a price to the public of per unit (the Offering ),
each unit consisting of one share of the Company s common stock and a warrant to purchase one share of common stock at an exercise
price of per share, for net proceeds of million. Proceeds from the Offering have been and are expected to be used for working
capital, new product development and testing, and general business operations. 

Management
is exploring new product channel sales in adjacent industries, such as cosmetics, athletic products, and proprietary medical devices.
The Company has increased focus on sales and developing a sales pipeline for potential customers. This customer base expansion will
enable us to provide financial stability for the foreseeable future, expand our current processes, and position us for long-term shareholder
value creation. 

We
have sufficient capital to maintain as a going concern due to the capital raise that occurred on December 27, 2021. We intend to maintain
and attempt to grow our existing contract manufacturing business. We also plan to continue building and developing our catalog of consumer
products for sale to branding partners and to use our in-house capabilities to create and test market additional branded products. These
products will be target marketed and sold online through social media, television and online marketplaces. Furthermore, the Company plans
to develop its own proprietary medical devices and explore drug delivery programs for its technology. Additionally, the Company continues
to evaluate strategic initiatives (e.g., acquisitions) and additional capital raises through debt or equity may be necessary to achieve
these objectives. 

We
expect to continue incurring losses for the near-term future. Our ability to continue to operate as a going concern in the long-term
is dependent upon our ability to manage and grow our current products and to ultimately achieve profitable operations. Management may
consider various options to raise capital to fund potential acquisitions through equity or debt offerings. There can be no assurances,
however, that management will be able to obtain sufficient additional funds, if needed, or that such funds, if available, will be obtained
on terms satisfactory to us. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and
classification of recorded assets and liabilities that might be necessary should we be unable to continue as a going concern. Additionally,
it is reasonably possible that estimates made in the consolidated financial statements have been, or will be, materially and adversely
impacted in the near term as a result of these conditions, including the recoverability of long-lived assets. 

United States treasury
 bills (due April 27, 2023) 

United States treasury
 bills (due June 15, 2023) 

United States treasury
 bills (due July 13, 2023) 

United
 States treasury bills (due August 10, 2023) 

Total 

thousand as of December 31,
2022 and thousand as of December 31, 2021. 

thousand, 
thousand, and 
thousand on December 31, 2022, respectively, and the balance was made up of raw materials, work-in-progress, and finished goods of
 thousand,
 thousand, and 
thousand on December 31, 2021, respectively. Inventory is maintained at the Company s warehouse and at an Amazon fulfillment
center. 

The
 Cost of revenues line item in the consolidated statements of operations is comprised of the book value of inventory sold
to customers during the reporting period. When circumstances dictate that we use net realizable value as the basis for recording inventory,
we base our estimates on expected future selling prices less expected disposal costs. 

impairments were recognized in the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

thousand and thousand of prepaid
insurance, and thousand and thousand general prepaid expenses and other current assets in the years ended December 31, 2022
and 2021 respectively. 

- 
 - 

Total 
 
 - 
 - 

Custom and white label finished goods manufacturing 

NexGel branded consumer products 

Other 

Total 

As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company did not have any contract assets or contract liabilities from contracts with customers and
there were remaining performance obligations that the Company had not satisfied. 

The
Company has four distinct lines of business; Contract Manufacturing, Custom White Label, Consumer Branded Products, and Medical
Devices. 

Contract
Manufacturing 

Customers
order rolls of gel rollstock ). The rollstock is shipped to our customers, which they package into finished goods. Historically,
this has been the Company s primary source of revenue. 

Custom
 White Label 

These
products often infuse various ingredients into our base gel to develop unique product offerings to satisfy market demand (e.g. aloe infused
into the gel for a beauty mask). The rollstock is converted and packaged into salable units. The finished goods are shipped to the customer,
who is ultimately responsible for product distribution. Frequently these products started as development deals, in which the customer
paid the Company a small fee to develop a specific product. Once completed, the customer places a large order for newly developed product. 

Consumer
Branded Products 

These
products are finished goods marketed and sold directly to the customer by the Company through online and retail channels. The
Company is responsible for sales, marketing, and distribution. These products carry the Company s brand names. 

Medical
Devices 

Medical
Devices are a hybrid business, combining elements of Custom White Label and Consumer Branded Products. Medical Devices, which are
not yet marketed, are expected to be distributed through strategic partnerships. The Company will manufacture and possibly convert/package
the device while the strategic partner brings the product to market. Small market Medical Devices could be launched by the Company, but
also be offered to a distributor to reach the full scale of the market. 

business segment as a contract manufacturer of aqueous polymer hydrogels. As a result, the Company s operations
are a single reportable segment, which is consistent with the Company s internal management reporting. 

In
January 2017, the FASB issued ASU 2017-04, Intangibles Goodwill and Other (Topic 350): Simplifying the Test for Goodwill Impairment .
ASU 2017-04 simplifies the manner in which an entity is required to test goodwill for impairment by eliminating Step 2 from the goodwill
impairment test. Under the amendments in ASU 2017-04, an entity should (1) perform its annual or interim goodwill impairment test by
comparing the fair value of a reporting unit with its carrying amount, and (2) recognize an impairment charge for the amount by which
the carrying amount exceeds the reporting unit s fair value, with the understanding that the loss recognized should not exceed
the total amount of goodwill allocated to that reporting unit. Additionally, ASU 2017-04 requires any reporting unit with a zero or negative
carrying amount to perform Step 2 of the goodwill impairment test. We adopted ASU 2017-04 effective January 1, 2021. 

In
December 2019, the FASB issued ASU 2019-12, Income Taxes (Topic 740): Simplifying the Accounting for Income Taxes , which simplifies
the accounting for income taxes. This guidance will be effective for entities for the fiscal years, and interim periods within those
fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2020 on a prospective basis, with early adoption permitted. We adopted ASU 2019-12 effective
January 1, 2021 and the adoption of this guidance did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total undiscounted operating lease payments 

Less: Imputed interest 

Present value of operating
 lease liability 

Weighted average remaining lease term 
 
 years 
 
 Weighted average discount rate 

Total
operating lease expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and thousand respectively, and is recorded in cost
of revenues and selling, general and administrative expenses within the statements of operations. 

Work-in-progress 

Finished goods 

Inventory, gross 

Less: Inventory reserve
 for excess and slow moving inventory 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total 

Inventory
is maintained at the Company s warehouse, an outsourced third-party contract manufacturing vendor, and at Amazon fulfillment centers.
The Company builds its contract manufacturing products based on customer orders and immediately ships the products upon completion of
the production process. 

- 

Office furniture and equipment 
 
 - 

Leasehold improvements 

Construction in progress 
 N/A 
 
 - 
 
 Property and equipment, gross 

Less: accumulated depreciation
 and amortization 

Property and equipment,
 net 

Depreciation
expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was thousand and thousand, respectively. 

Accumulated
 amortization 

Product/Technology
 related identifiable intangible assets, net 

Marketing Related 

Customer related intangible
 asset, gross 

Tradename related intangible
 asset, gross 

Accumulated
 amortization 

Marketing
 related identifiable intangible assets, net 

Total
 identifiable intangible assets, net 

In
connection with the May 29, 2020 acquisition of Sports Defense, the Company identified intangible assets of thousand representing
technology related and customer related intangibles. These assets are being amortized on a straight-line basis over their weighted average
estimated useful life of years and amortization expense amounted to thousand for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total 

Franchise tax accrual 
 
 - 
 
 Other 

Total accrued expenses
 and other current liabilities 

units at a price to the public of per unit (the Offering ),
each unit consisting of one share of our common stock, and a warrant to purchase one share of our common stock at an exercise price of
 per share . In addition, the Company granted the Underwriter a -day option to purchase up to additional
shares of our common Stock, and/or additional warrants, to cover over-allotments in connection with the Offering, which the Underwriter
partially exercised to purchase Warrants on the Closing Date. 

From
January 1, 2021 through March 31, 2021, the Company entered into securities purchase agreements with certain accredited investors whereby
the Company sold shares of our common stock at a price per share equal to for an aggregate purchase price of thousand. 

Warrants to purchase common stock 

Restricted stock units 

shares of the Company s common stock for awards
under the 2019 Plan. Effective as of May 26, 2020 and May 3, 2021, respectively, the Board approved an increase of the number of authorized
shares of common stock reserved under the 2019 Plan from shares of common stock to and from shares of common stock
to shares of common stock, all of which may be delivered pursuant to incentive stock options. See Note 18 below relating the Board s approval of an additional shares of common stock to be reserved
under the 2019 Plan, such that total of number of shares underlying the Plan is of which shares have already been awarded
or exercised. Subject to adjustments pursuant
to the 2019 Plan, the maximum number of shares of common stock with respect to which stock options or SARs may be granted to an executive
officer during any calendar year is shares of common stock. 

- 
 
 Awards issued in excess
 of 2019 Plan 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total 

- 

(1) 

Incentive
stock options 

On
October 1, 2022, the Company appointed Dr. Neil Chesen to the Company s Scientific Advisory Board and in consideration for his
appointment to the board, the Company granted Dr. Chesen an option to purchase up to 
shares of common stock at a per share exercise price of 
under the Company s 2019 Long-Term Incentive Plan. A portion of the award, 
options, fully vested as of the date of grant and the remaining 
options are contingent upon certain sales based milestones being achieved. The options expire on December 31, 2023 if the milestones
are not achieved prior to that date. Also on October 1, 2022, the Company issued a second option grant to Dr. Chesen, to purchase up
to 
shares of common stock at a per share exercise price of 
under the Company s 2019 Long-Term Incentive Plan and are fully contingent upon certain sales based milestones being achieved
with 18 months of commercial release. Also on October 1, 2022, the Company issued a third option grant to Dr. Chesen to purchase up
to 
shares of common stock at a per share exercise price of 
under the Company s 2019 Long-Term Incentive Plan and are fully contingent upon certain sales based milestones being achieved
within 
months of commercial release. As of December 31, 2022 the new product has not launched. 

On
October 1, 2022, the Company granted Dr. Leonard Nelson an option to purchase up to shares of the Company s common stock
at a per share price of under the Company s 2019 Long-Term Incentive Plan. A portion of the award, options, fully vested
as of the date of the grant and the remaining options are contingent upon certain sales based milestones being achieved. The options
expire within months of commercial launch of a new product if the milestones are not achieved prior to that date or years from
the grant date, whichever comes first. As of December 31, 2022 the new product has not launched. 

On
October 1, 2022, the Company granted Dr. Leonard Nelson an option to purchase up to shares of the Company s common stock
at a per share price of under the Company s 2019 Long-Term Incentive Plan. The options are contingent upon certain sales
based milestones being achieved. The options expire within months of commercial launch of a new product if the milestones are not
achieved prior to that date or years from the grant date, whichever comes first. As of December 31, 2022 the new product has not launched. 

On
January 15, 2021, the Company awarded a contractor options to purchase an aggregate of shares of the Company s common stock
at a per share exercise price of under the Company s 2019 Long-Term Incentive Plan. A portion of the award, options,
fully vested as of the date of grant and the remaining options vested in November 2022. 

On
March 8, 2021, the Company granted Dr. Jerome Zeldis, a member of the Company Board, an option to purchase up to shares of the
Company s common stock at a per share exercise price of under the Company s 2019 Long-Term Incentive Plan. This option
award fully vested as of the date of grant. 

On
March 8, 2021, the Company appointed Steven Glassman to the Board of Directors to serve for a term expiring at the next annual meeting
of stockholders or until his successor is duly elected and qualified. On March 8, 2021 and in consideration for his appointment to the
board of directors, the Company granted Mr. Glassman an option to purchase up to shares of common stock at a per share exercise
price of under the Company s 2019 Long-Term Incentive Plan. This option award fully vested as of the date of grant. 

On
September 2, 2021, the Company appointed Adam Levy, Yaakov Spinrad and Miranda J. Toledano to the Board of Directors to serve for a
term expiring at the next annual meeting of stockholders or until their successor is duly elected and qualified. On September 9,
2021 and in consideration for each person s appointment to the board of directors, the Company granted each of Mr. Levy, Mr.
Spinrad, and Ms. Toledano an option to purchase up to 
shares of common stock at a per share exercise price of 
under the Company s 2019 Long-Term Incentive Plan. These option awards vested in four equal calendar quarter installments
beginning on October 1, 2021. 

Granted 

Exercised 

Forfeited 

Cancelled 

Expired 

Outstanding at December 31, 2021 

Granted 

Exercised 
 - 

Forfeited 

Cancelled 

Expired 

Outstanding at December 31, 2022 

Exercisable at December 31, 2022 

As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, vested outstanding stock options had thousand and thousand intrinsic value as the exercise price
is greater than the estimated fair value of the underlying common stock, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, there was unrecognized
share-based compensation related to unvested stock options, excluding options fully contingent upon certain sales-based milestones being
achieved within to months of commercial release. 

The
Company recognizes compensation expense for stock option awards on a straight-line basis over the applicable service period of the award.
The service period is generally the vesting period. The following assumptions were used to calculate share-based compensation expense
for year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

- 

Risk-free interest rate 

- 

Dividend yield 

Expected term 
 
 years 

- years 

The
Company does not have sufficient historical information to develop reasonable expectations about future exercise patterns and post-vesting
employment termination behavior. Accordingly, the Company has elected to use the simplified method to estimate the expected
term of its share-based awards. The simplified method computes the expected term as the sum of the award s vesting term plus the
original contractual term divided by two. 

Based
on the lack of historical data of volatility for the Company s common stock, the Company based its estimate of expected volatility
on a weighted-average of the historical volatility of comparable public companies that manufacture similar products and are similar in
size, stage of life cycle, and financial leverage. 

Restrictive
stock awards 

Effective
as of August 1, 2022, the Company granted a restricted stock award of 
 shares of the Company s common stock to
certain officers and employees, all of which shares vest in four equal installments on each of January 1, 2023, January 1, 2024, January
1, 2025 and January 1, 2026. Under ASC 718, Compensation-Stock Compensation ASC 718 ), the Company has measured
the value of the 
 shares granted based on a closing price of the
closing price of the Company s stock at the grant date of the RSU Grant 
 per share). 

Effective
as of January 1, 2022, the Company granted a restricted stock award of 
 shares of the Company s common stock to
Adam Levy for his service as our Chief Executive Officer pursuant to the terms of his Executive Employment Agreement dated November 4,
2021, all of which shares vested monthly from January 1, 2022 through December 31, 2022. Under ASC 718, the Company has measured the
value of the 
 shares granted based on the closing price of
the Company s stock at the grant date of the RSU Grant 
 per share). 

On
March 8, 2021, the Company granted a restricted stock award of shares of the Company s common stock to Adam Levy for his
service as our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer from October 1, 2020 through September 30, 2021, all of which shares
vested immediately. Under ASC 718, the Company has measured the value of the shares granted based on the closing price of the
Company s stock at the grant date of the RSU Grant per share). 

Granted 

Exercised and converted to common shares 

Forfeited 

Outstanding at December 31, 2021 

Granted 

Exercised and converted to common shares 

Forfeited 

Outstanding at December 31, 2022 

Exercisable at December 31, 2022 

Under
ASC 718, the Company has measured the value of its January 2022 award as if
it were vested and issued on the grant date with a value of thousand based on the closing price of the Company s stock at the
grant date of the RSU Grant per share) and in August 2022 an additional issuance of shares was granted based on a closing
price of the closing price of the Company s stock at the grant date of the RSU Grant per share). 

Compensation
expense will be recognized ratably over the total vesting schedule. The Company will periodically adjust the cumulative compensation
expense for forfeited awards. Stock based compensation of thousand and thousand has been recorded for the year ended December
31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, there was thousand unrecognized share-based compensation related to unvested
RSUs, which the Company expects to recognize over the next 36 months. 

Warrants 

Granted 

Exercised 

Forfeited 

Cancelled 

Expired 

Outstanding at December 31, 2021 

Granted 

Exercised 

Forfeited 

Cancelled 

Expired 

Outstanding at December 31, 2022 

Exercisable at December 31, 2022 

As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, vested outstanding warrants had thousand and thousand, respectively, intrinsic value as the
exercise price is greater than the estimated fair value of the underlying common stock. 

(the PPP Loan pursuant to the Paycheck Protection Program under the Coronavirus Aid, Relief,
and Economic Security Act. On March 4, 2021, the Company received a second PPP Loan in the amount of under Phase II
of the Paycheck Protection Program. On June 2, 2021, the Company received notice from PNC Bank that its initial loan of had
been forgiven in its entirety by the Small Business Administration SBA ). On November 16, 2021, the Company received notice
from PNC Bank that its second PPP loan of had been forgiven in its entirety by the SBA. 

Economic
Injury Disaster Loan 

On
May 28, 2020, the Company entered into the standard loan documents required for securing a loan (the EIDL Loan from the
SBA under its Economic Injury Disaster Loan EIDL assistance program in light of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on
the Company s business. Pursuant to that certain Loan Authorization and Agreement (the SBA Loan Agreement ), the principal
amount of the EIDL Loan is up to , with proceeds to be used for working capital purposes. Interest accrues at the rate of 
per annum. Installment payments, including principal and interest, are due monthly beginning May 28, 2021 (twelve months from the date
of the SBA Note) in the amount of . The balance of principal and interest is payable from the date of the SBA Note.
In connection therewith, the Company received an thousand advance, which does not have to be repaid. On March 26, 2021, the SBA announced
that all EIDL loans issued in 2020 will start repayment 24 months from the date of the SBA Note. The SBA has since extended the repayment
start to 30 months from the date of the SBA Note. The Company made its first payment in December 2022. The balances of the principal
and accrued interest amounted to thousand and thousand as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total 

thousand Secured Convertible Promissory Note which was convertible into shares of the
Company s common stock at a price per share of . The note was fully repaid (including all accrued but unpaid interest) on
March 14, 2021. 

On
January 19, 2021, the Company issued a thousand Secured Convertible Promissory Note which was convertible into shares of the Company s
common stock at a price per share of . The note was fully-repaid (including all accrued but unpaid interest) on March 14, 2021. 

On March 11, 2021, the Company issued Auctus Fund, LLC, a Delaware limited
liability company a one-year senior secured convertible promissory note in the principal amount of 1.68 million, which included 180
thousand of interest which was deemed fully earned as of the issuance date (the Auctus Note ). The Auctus Note was fully
repaid (including all principal and interest) on March 15, 2022 with a one-time cash payment of 1.68 million. 

On September 2, 2021, the Company issued to certain
holders one-year subordinated secured convertible promissory notes in the aggregate principal amount of thousand, which included
 thousand of interest which was deemed fully earned as of the issuance date (the September 2 Notes ). On January 25,
2022, the Company repaid one of the September 2 Notes in full with a one-time cash payment of thousand of outstanding principal and
accrued but unpaid interest. The Company incurred pre-payment penalty of thousand with respect to the repayment of the note and the
remaining unamortized debt discount in the amount of thousand was written off and both amounts were recorded as a loss on extinguishment
of debt of thousand in accompany statement of operations during 2022. The repayment extinguished the note in its entirety. On September
6, 2022, the outstanding balance on the remaining September 2 Notes was repaid in full which consisted of principal of thousand. 

,
 ,
 ,
 ,
 ,
 
 and 
 warrants, respectively, as equity issuance consideration,
in connection with a private placement of the Company s common stock. The warrants entitle the holder to purchase one share of
our common stock at an exercise price equal to 
 to 
 per share at any time on or after their issuance
date and on or prior to the close of business 3 years after the issuance date (the Termination Date ). The Company determined
that these warrants are free standing financial instruments that are legally detachable and separately exercisable from the common stock
included in the public share offering. Management also determined that the warrants required classification as a liability pursuant to
ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging . In accordance with the accounting guidance, the outstanding warrants are recognized as a warrant
liability on the balance sheet and are measured at their inception date fair value and subsequently re-measured at each reporting period
with changes being recorded as a component of other income (expense) in the statement of operations. 

On
September 6, 2022, the Company agreed to extend the September 10, 2019 and November 6, 2019 warrants an additional six months until March
9, 2023 and May 5, 2023, respectively. The warrants were remeasured as of September 6, 2022 and consequently resulted in a warrant modification
expense of thousand. 

Fair value at initial measurement dates 

Change in fair value
 of warrant liability 

Fair value as of year ended 12/31/2021 

Modification of warrants 
 - 

Change in fair value
 of warrant liability 
 - 

Fair value as of year ended 12/31/2022 

The
warrant liabilities are considered Level 3 liabilities on the fair value hierarchy as the determination of fair value includes various
assumptions about future activities and the Company s stock prices and historical volatility of other comparable public companies
used as inputs. As of December 31, 2022, none of the warrants have been exercised. 

The
fair value of the warrant liabilities was measured using a Black-Scholes model. Significant inputs into the model at the inception are
as follows: 

Future 

Estimated 

Quarterly 

Warrant 
 
 Interest 
 
 Time
 to 
 Calculated 
 Dividend 
 
 Black
 -Scholes 
 Exercise 
 Expiration 
 Stock 
 Rate 
 Volatility 
 Maturity 
 fair
 value 
 per 
 
 Assumptions 
 Price 
 Date 
 Price
 (8) 
 (annual) (9) 
 (annual)
 (10) 
 (Years) 
 per
 share 
 share (11) 
 
 September
 2, 
 2021 (1) 
 
 September 2, 2026 

March
 11, 
 2021 (2) 

March
 11, 
 2026 

-

February
 3, 
 2021 (3) 
 
 February
 3, 
 2024 

December
 24, 
 2020
 (4) 
 
 December
 24, 
 2023 

March
 18, 
 
 2020
 (5) 
 
 March
 18, 
 2023 

September
 10, 
 2019
 (6) 
 
 September
 10, 
 2022 

November
 6, 
 2019
 (7) 
 
 November
 6, 
 2022 

Significant
inputs into the model at the reporting period measurement dates are as follows: 

Future 

Estimated 

Quarterly 

Warrant 
 
 Interest 
 
 Time to 
 Calculated 
 Dividend 
 
 Black-Scholes 
 Exercise 
 Expiration 
 Stock 
 Rate 
 Volatility 
 Maturity 
 fair value 
 per 
 
 Assumptions 
 Price 
 Date 
 Price
 (8) 
 (annual)
 (9) 
 (annual)
 (10) 
 (Years) 
 per
 share 
 share
 (11) 
 
 December
 31, 
 2022 (1) 
 
 September
 2, 
 
 2026 

December
 31, 
 2022 (2) 

March
 11, 
 
 2026 

- 

December
 31, 
 2022 (3) 
 
 February
 3, 
 
 2024 

December
 31, 
 2022 (4) 
 
 December
 24, 
 
 2023 

December
 31, 
 2022 (5) 
 
 March
 18, 
 
 2023 

December
 31, 
 2022 (6) 
 
 September
 10, 
 2022 

December
 31, 
 2022 (7) 
 
 November
 6, 
 2022 

Future 

Estimated 

Quarterly 

Warrant 
 
 Interest 
 
 Time
 to 
 Calculated 
 Dividend 
 
 Black-Scholes 
 Exercise 
 Expiration 
 Stock 
 Rate 
 Volatility 
 Maturity 
 fair
 value 
 per 
 
 Assumptions 
 Price 
 Date 
 Price
 (8) 
 (annual)
 (9) 
 (annual)
 (10) 
 (Years) 
 per
 share 
 share (11) 
 
 December
 31, 
 2021 (1) 
 
 September
 2, 
 2026 

December
 31, 
 2021 (2) 

March
 11, 
 2026 

- 

December
 31, 
 2021 (3) 
 
 February
 3, 
 2024 

December
 31, 
 2021 (4) 
 
 December
 24, 
 2023 

December
 31, 
 2021 (5) 
 
 March
 18, 
 2023 

December
 31, 
 2021 (6) 
 
 September
 10, 
 2022 

December
 31, 
 2021 (7) 
 
 November
 6, 
 2022 

(1) 

(2) 

(3) 

(4) 

(5) 

(6) 

(7) 

(8) 

(9) 

(10) 

(11) 

of total revenue. The Company had
three customers with accounts receivable balances that approximated , and of total accounts receivable as of December 31, 2022. 

Revenues
from three customers that exceeded 10 of total revenues for the year ended December 31, 2021 were 
and 
and .
The Company had three customers with accounts receivable balances approximating , , and of total accounts receivable as of
December 31, 2021. 

The
Company s financial instruments that are exposed to concentrations of credit risk consist primarily of cash, cash equivalents and
marketable securities. Cash balances are maintained principally at major U.S. financial institutions and are insured by the Federal Deposit
Insurance Corporation FDIC up to regulatory limits. Such cash balances are currently in excess of the FDIC insurance
limit of thousand. As of December 31, 2022, the total amount exceeding such limit was thousand. The Company has not experienced
any credit losses associated with its cash balances in the past. The Company invests its cash equivalents in U.S. treasury bills with
original maturities of three months or less. 

Marketable
securities are comprised of U.S. treasury bills with original maturities greater than three months. The Company has not experienced any
losses in such accounts. The Company believes it is not exposed to any significant credit risk on cash, cash equivalents, and marketable
securities and performs periodic evaluations of the credit standing of such institutions. 

Secured Convertible Promissory Notes in an aggregate amount of to Mr. Stein, a member
of the board of directors and an entity affiliated to Mr. Stein, N F Trust 774 (See Note 12). The notes were repaid in March, 2021. 

On
September 2, 2021, the Company issued Secured Convertible Promissory Notes to members of the board of directors in an aggregate
amounts of to Mr. Stein, to Mr. Stefansky (Bezalel Partners, LLC), and to Dr. Zeldis as part of the September
2 Notes. The notes were repaid in full in 2022 (See Note 12). 

Advances 

Dr.
Jerome Zeldis, a member of the Company board of directors, has an outstanding balance due of for services as of December 31,
2022 and 2021, included in accounts payable in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 

income
tax expense or benefit. 

At
December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had recorded tax liabilities for uncertain tax positions. The Company does not
expect any significant changes to the estimate amount of liabilities associated with uncertain tax positions in the next 12 months. 

State tax rate, net of federal benefit 

Permanent differences 

Non-deductible expenses 

Timing differences 

Change in valuation
 allowance 

Income tax provision 

For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, differences between the expected tax expense based on the federal statutory rate and the
actual tax expense is primarily attributable to the net losses incurred and the corresponding increase to the valuation allowance. 

Other 

Total deferred tax assets 

Valuation
 allowance 

Deferred tax assets,
 net of valuation allowance 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Property
 and equipment, net 

Total deferred tax liabilities 

Net deferred tax liabilities 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company has approximately million
and million of federal NOL carryovers, respectively, which begin to expire in 2029 through 2036. Similarly, the subsidiary s
Pennsylvania state returns reported state NOL carryovers of approximately million and million, as of December 31, 2022 and
2021, respectively. However, these loss carryforwards on a separate company basis may be subject to limitations on the amounts that may
be utilized pursuant to Internal Revenue Code section 382 and applicable state law. Section 382 imposes significant limitations on the
utilization of net operating losses after certain changes of corporate ownership. The Company will need to determine the amount of loss
carryforwards that may be utilized in the future as necessary. 

In
assessing the realization of deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of
the deferred tax assets will be realized. The ultimate realization of the deferred tax assets is dependent upon the future generation
of taxable income during the years in which those temporary differences become deductible. Management considers the scheduled reversal
of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income and tax planning strategies in making this assessment. After consideration
of all the evidence, both positive and negative, management has recorded a full valuation allowance against net deferred tax assets at
December 31, 2022 and 2021 because management has determined that it is more likely than not that these deferred tax assets will not
be realized. 

The
Company is subject to taxation in the U.S. and various states. Based on the history of net operating losses all jurisdictions and tax
years are open for examination until the operating losses are utilized or the statute of limitations expires. As of December 31, 2022
and 2021, the Company does not have any significant uncertain tax positions. 

interest in
a newly formed joint venture JV ), named CG Converting and Packaging, LLC, with C.G. Laboratories Inc. CG Labs for its converting and packaging business. The JV is owned by the Company and by CG Labs. CG Labs contributed its existing converting
and packaging division to the JV, including, but not limited to, its facilities, equipment, employees, and customers. The Company will
contribute to the JV on a schedule to be determined to be used for equipment and facility upgrades as well as general corporate
purposes. 

On
March 21, 2023, the Company entered into a Services Agreement with GlaxoSmithKline Consumer Healthcare Holdings (US) LLC Haleon to supply material for a consumer product to be developed and released in the future. There can be no guaranty that a consumer product
will be released or, if released, that it will be successful. GlaxoSmithKline Consumer Healthcare Holdings (US) LLC is a Haleon group
company. 

On
March 23, 2023, the board of directors of the Company approved an increase of the number of shares to be reserved under the
Company s 2019 Long-Term Incentive Plan by 
shares of common stock, or from an aggregate number of 
to 
shares of common stock (the 2019 Plan Increase ). The Company expects the 2019 Plan Increase to satisfy the
Company s anticipated equity incentive award requirements for the next two to three years. The Company plans to submit the
2019 Plan Increase for approval to the Company s stockholders at the Company s 2023 annual meeting of
stockholders. 

F- 25 

 Table of Contents 

Item
9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

None. 

Item
9A. Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure
Controls and Procedures 

As
of December 31, 2022, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures Disclosure
Controls ), as defined by Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange
Act ). The Disclosure Controls evaluation was done under the supervision and with the participation of management, including our
chief executive officer and chief financial officer. There are inherent limitations to the effectiveness of any system of disclosure
controls and procedures. Accordingly, even effective disclosure controls and procedures can only provide reasonable assurance of achieving
their control objectives. Based upon this evaluation, our chief executive officer and chief financial officer have concluded that our
Disclosure Controls and Procedures were effective as of December 31, 2022 at a reasonable level of assurance. 

Change
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There
have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 that have materially
affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Management s
Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting and Attestation Report of the Registered Accounting Firm 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include a report of management s assessment regarding internal control over financial reporting
due to a transition period established by rules of the SEC for newly public companies or an attestation report of the Company s
registered public accounting firm which is not required for non-accelerated filers. 

Item
9B. Other Information 

Not
applicable. 

21 

 Table of Contents 

Part
III. 

Item
10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 

The
information required by this Item is set forth under the headings Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
and Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance in the Company s 2023 Proxy Statement to be filed with
the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC within 120 days after December 31, 2022 in connection with the solicitation
of proxies for the Company s 2023 annual meeting of shareholders and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item
11. Executive Compensation 

The
information required by this Item is set forth under the heading Executive Compensation and under the subheadings Board
Oversight of Risk Management, Compensation of Directors, Director Compensation-2022 and Compensation
Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation under the heading Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
in the Company s 2023 Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after December 31, 2022 and is incorporated herein
by reference. 

Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

The
information required by this Item is set forth under the headings Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management 
and Equity Compensation Plan Information in the Company s 2023 Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC within 120
days after December 31, 2022 and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 

The
information required by this Item is set forth under the heading Review, Approval or Ratification of Transactions with Related
Persons and under the subheading Board Committees under the heading Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate
Governance in the Company s 2023 Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after December 31, 2022 and is
incorporated herein by reference. 

Item
14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 

Our
independent public accounting firm is Turner Stone Company, LLP, Dallas, Texas, PCAOB Auditor ID 76. 

The
information required by this Item is set forth under the subheadings Fees Paid to Auditors and Policy on Audit Committee
Pre-Approval of Audit and Non-Audit Services Performed by the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm under the proposal
 Ratification of Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm in the Company s 2023 Proxy Statement
to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after December 31, 2022 and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Part
IV. 

Item
15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 

The
following documents are filed as part of this report: 

(1)
Financial Statements 

The
following financial statements are included herein: 

Report
 of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 76) 

Consolidated
 Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Consolidated
 Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Consolidated
 Statement of Stockholders Equity (Deficit) for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Consolidated
 Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Notes
 to Consolidated Financial Statements 

(2)
Financial Statement Schedules 

None. 

22 

 Table of Contents 

(3)
Exhibits 

1.1 
 
 Underwriting
 Agreement dated December 21, 2021 by and between NexGel, Inc. and Maxim Group LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.1 to Form
 8-K, filed with the SEC on December 27, 2021). 

2.1 
 
 Form
 of Asset Contribution and Separation Agreement between Alliqua BioMedical, Inc. and AquaMed Technologies, Inc. (incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 2.3 to Form S-1, filed with the SEC on January 9, 2019). 

2.2 
 
 Form
 of Tax Matters Agreement between Alliqua BioMedical, Inc. and AquaMed Technologies, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.4
 to Form S-1, filed with the SEC on January 9, 2019). 

2.3 
 
 Form
 of Bill of Sale and Assignment and Assumption Agreement between Alliqua BioMedical, Inc. and AquaMed Technologies, Inc. (incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 2.5 to Amendment No. 1 to Form S-1, filed with the SEC on March 11, 2019). 

2.4 
 
 Amendment
 No. 2, dated April 19, 2019, to Agreement and Plan of Merger (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.6 to Amendment No. 3 to Form
 S-1, filed with the SEC on April 19, 2019) 

3.1 
 
 Certificate
 of Incorporation of AquaMed Technologies, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Form S-1, filed with the SEC on January
 9, 2019). 

3.2 
 
 Certificate
 of Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation of AquaMed Technologies, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to Form S-1,
 filed with the SEC on January 9, 2019). 

3.3 
 
 Amended
 and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of AquaMed Technologies, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to Amendment No.
 1 to Form S-1, filed with the SEC on March 11, 2019). 

3.4 
 
 Certificate
 of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of AquaMed Technologies, Inc. (incorporated by reference to
 Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on November 14, 2019). 

3.5 
 
 Certificate
 of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of NexGel, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to
 the Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on May 29, 2020). 

23 

 Table of Contents 

3.6 
 
 Certificate
 of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of NexGel, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.6 to
 Form S-1, filed with the SEC on December 2, 2021) 

3.7 
 
 Amended
 and Restated Bylaws of AquaMed Technologies, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.5 to Amendment No. 1 to Form S-1, filed
 with the SEC on March 11, 2019). 

4.1 
 
 12 
 Senior Secured Promissory Note, dated March 11, 2021, issued to Auctus Fund, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the
 Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 17, 2021). 

4.2 
 
 First
 Common Stock Purchase Warrant, dated March 11, 2021, issued to Auctus Fund, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the
 Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 17, 2021). 

4.3 
 
 Second
 Common Stock Purchase Warrant, dated March 11, 2021, issued to Auctus Fund, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the
 Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 17, 2021). 

4.4 
 
 Form
 of 12 Subordinated Secured Promissory Note, dated September 2, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report
 on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 8, 2021) 

4.5 
 
 Form
 of Common Stock Purchase Warrant, dated September 2, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Current Report on Form
 8-K filed with the SEC on September 8, 2021) 

4.6 
 
 Warrant
 Agency Agreement (including form of Common Warrant) dated December 27, 2021 by and between NexGel, Inc. and Continental Stock Transfer
 Trust Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on December 27, 2021). 

4.7 
 
 Underwriter
 Warrant dated December 27, 2021 issued to Maxim Group LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Form 8-K, filed with the SEC
 on December 27, 2021). 

10.1 
 
 Assignment
 and Amended and Restated Lease, dated as of January 25, 2002, by and between 2150 Cabot LLC, Embryo Development Corporation and Hydrogel
 Design Systems, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form S-1, filed with the SEC on January 9, 2019). 

10.2 
 
 Amendment
 to Lease, dated as of February 23, 2007, by and between 2150 Cabot LLC and Hydrogel Design Systems, Inc. (incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 10.2 to Form S-1, filed with the SEC on January 9, 2019). 

10.3 
 
 Third
 Amendment to Lease, dated as of February 27, 2009, by and between Exeter 2150 Cabot, L.P and Hydrogel Design Systems, Inc. (incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Form S-1, filed with the SEC on January 9, 2019). 

10.4 
 
 Assignment
 and Assumption of Lease Agreement, dated as of February 27, 2009, by and among Exeter 2150 Cabot, L.P, Hydrogel Design Systems, Inc.
 and Aquamed Technologies, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Form S-1, filed with the SEC on January 9, 2019). 

10.5 
 
 Fourth
 Amendment to Lease, dated as of July 24, 2013, by and between Exeter 2150 Cabot, L.P and Aquamed Technologies, Inc. (incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to Form S-1, filed with the SEC on January 9, 2019). 

10.6 
 
 Form
 of Stock Purchase Agreement between NexGel, Inc. and certain accredited investors (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the
 Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on March 21, 2020). 

10.7 
 
 Membership
 Interest Purchase Agreement dated May 29, 2020 by and among NexGel, Inc. and the members of Sport Defense LLC (incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on May 29, 2020). 

24 

 Table of Contents 

10.8 
 
 Form
 of 2019 Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.22 to Amendment No. 3 to Form S-1, filed with the SEC on April 19,
 2019). 

10.9 
 
 Form
 of Incentive Option Agreement under 2019 Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.23 to Amendment No. 3 to Form S-1,
 filed with the SEC on April 19, 2019). 

10.10 
 
 Form
 of Nonqualified Stock Option Agreement under 2019 Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.24 to Amendment No. 3 to
 Form S-1, filed with the SEC on April 19, 2019). 

10.12 
 
 Securities
 Purchase Agreement, dated March 11, 2021, between NexGel, Inc. and Auctus Fund, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to
 the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 17, 2021). 

10.13 
 
 Security
 Agreement, dated March 11, 2021, between NexGel, Inc. and Auctus Fund, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current
 Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 17, 2021). 

10.14 
 
 Registration
 Rights Agreement, dated March 11, 2021, between NexGel, Inc. and Auctus Fund, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the
 Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 17, 2021). 

10.15 
 
 First
 Amendment to the Senior Secured Promissory Note, Warrants, and Securities Purchase Agreement (March 11, 2021) dated August 13, 2021
 by and between NexGel. Inc. and Auctus Fund, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed
 with the SEC on August 16, 2021). 

10.16 
 
 Form
 of Securities Purchase Agreement, dated September 2, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form
 8-K filed with the SEC on September 8, 2021). 

10.17 
 
 Form
 of Security Agreement, dated September 2, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed
 with the SEC on September 8, 2021). 

25 

 Table of Contents 

10.18 
 
 Form
 of Security Agreement, dated September 2, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed
 with the SEC on September 8, 2021). 

10.19 
 
 Form
 of Registration Rights Agreement, dated September 2, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Current Report on Form
 8-K filed with the SEC on September 8, 2021). 

10.20 
 
 Form
 of Lock-Up Agreement, dated September 2, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed
 with the SEC on September 8, 2021). 

10.21 
 
 Second
 Amendment to the Senior Secured Promissory Note, Warrants, and Securities Purchase Agreement (March 11, 2021) dated October 28, 2021
 by and between NexGel. Inc. and Auctus Fund, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed
 with the SEC on November 3, 2021). 

10.22 
 
 Third
 Amendment to the Senior Secured Promissory Note, Warrants, and Securities Purchase Agreement (March 11, 2021) dated December 10,
 2021 by and between NexGel. Inc. and Auctus Fund, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.23 to Form S-1, filed with the SEC
 on December 10, 2021). 

10.23 
 
 2023
 Executive Employment Agreement, dated December 30, 2022 by and between NexGel. Inc. and Adam Levy (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 6, 2023). 

21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries 

31.1 
 
 Rule
 13a-14(a) Certification of Principal Executive Officer 

31.2 
 
 Rule
 13a-14(a) Certification of Principal Financial Officer 

32.1 
 
 Section
 1350 Certification of Principal Executive Officer 

32.2 
 
 Section
 1350 Certification of Principal Financial Officer 

101.INS 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within
 the Inline XBRL document 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document). 

Filed herewith. 

Furnished herewith. 

26 

 Table of Contents 

Signatures 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

NexGel,
 Inc. 

Date:
 March 27, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Adam Levy 

Adam
 Levy 

Chief
 Executive Officer and President 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
Registrant and in the capacities indicated as of the dates set forth below. 

Signature 
 
 Date 
 
 Title 

/s/
 Adam Levy 
 
 March
 27, 2023 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer and President (Principal Executive Officer) 
 
 Adam
 Levy 

/s/
 Adam Drapczuk III 
 
 March
 27, 2023 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer (Principal Accounting and Financial Officer) 
 
 Adam
 Drapczuk III 

/s/
 Steven Glassman 
 
 March
 27, 2023 
 
 Director 
 
 Steven
 Glassman 

/s/
 Scott Henry 
 
 March
 27, 2023 
 
 Director 
 
 Scott
 Henry 

/s/
 David Stefansky 
 
 March
 27, 2023 
 
 Director 
 
 David
 Stefansky 

/s/
 Nachum Stein 
 
 March
 27, 2023 
 
 Director 
 
 Nachum
 Stein 

/s/
 Miranda J. Toledano 
 
 March
 27, 2023 
 
 Director 
 
 Miranda
 J. Toledano 

/s/
 Jerome B. Zeldis 
 
 March
 27, 2023 
 
 Director 
 
 Jerome
 B. Zeldis 

27 

<EX-21.1>
 2
 ex21-1.htm

Exhibit
21.1 

Subsidiaries
of the Registrant 

Name
 of Subsidiary 
 
 State
 of Organization 
 
 NexGelRx,
 Inc. (wholly owned) 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Sport
 Defense LLC (wholly owned) 
 
 Delaware 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit
31.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) 

 UNDER
THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED 

 (SECTION
302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002) 

I,
Adam Levy, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of NexGel, Inc.; 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the consolidated financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present
in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
presented in this report; 

4.
The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.
The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent function): 

a)
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

b)
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
March 27, 2023 

/s/
 Adam Levy 

Adam
 Levy 

Chief
 Executive Officer 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit
31.2 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) 

 UNDER
THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED 

 (SECTION
302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002) 

I,
Adam Drapczuk, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of NexGel, Inc.; 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the consolidated financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present
in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
presented in this report; 

4.
The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.
The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent function): 

a)
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

b)
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
March 27, 2023 

/s/
 Adam E. Drapczuk III 

Adam
 E. Drapczuk III 

Chief
 Financial Officer 
 (Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 (AS ADOPTED 

 PURSUANT
TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002) 

In
connection with the Annual Report of NexGel, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ending December 31, 2022, as
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Adam Levy, Chief Executive Officer,
certify to my knowledge and in my capacity as an officer of the Company, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section
906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1.
The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and, 

2.
The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company as of the dates and for the periods expressed in the Report. 

Date:
March 27, 2023 

/s/
 Adam Levy 

Adam
 Levy 

Chief
 Executive Officer 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer) 

A
certification furnished pursuant to this Item will not be deemed filed for purposes of section 18 of the Exchange Act (15
U.S.C. 78r), or otherwise subject to the liability of that section. Such certification will not be deemed to be incorporated by reference
into any filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, except to the extent that the small business issuer specifically incorporates
it by reference. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 ex32-2.htm

Exhibit
32.2 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 (AS ADOPTED 

 PURSUANT
TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002) 

In
connection with the Annual Report of NexGel, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ending December 31, 2022, as
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Adam Levy, Chief Financial Officer,
certify to my knowledge and in my capacity as an officer of the Company, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section
906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1.
The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and, 

2.
The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company as of the dates and for the periods expressed in the Report. 

Date:
March 27, 2023 

/s/
 Adam E. Drapczuk III 

Adam
 E. Drapczuk III 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

(Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer) 

A
certification furnished pursuant to this Item will not be deemed filed for purposes of section 18 of the Exchange Act (15
U.S.C. 78r), or otherwise subject to the liability of that section. Such certification will not be deemed to be incorporated by reference
into any filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, except to the extent that the small business issuer specifically incorporates
it by reference. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 nxgl-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 nxgl-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 nxgl-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 nxgl-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

