<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230217_10-K_edgar_data_47111_0000047111-23-000012.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>18824987</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>426577</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2862461</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>6863820</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4492434</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3827713</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000047111-23-000012.hdr.sgml : 20230217
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230217150112
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000047111-23-000012
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		147
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230217
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230217

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			HERSHEY CO
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000047111
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SUGAR & CONFECTIONERY PRODUCTS [2060]
		IRS NUMBER:				230691590
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-00183
		FILM NUMBER:		23642044

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		19 EAST CHOCOLATE AVENUE
		STREET 2:		EXTERNAL RPTG & COMPLIANCE
		CITY:			HERSHEY
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			17033
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7175344200

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		19 EAST CHOCOLATE AVENUE
		STREET 2:		EXTERNAL RPTG & COMPLIANCE
		CITY:			HERSHEY
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			17033

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	HERSHEY FOODS CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	HERSHEY CHOCOLATE CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19680401

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000047111-23-000012.txt : 20230217

10-K
 1
 hsy-20221231.htm
 THE HERSHEY COMPANY FORM 10-K FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022

hsy-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from ______to_______ 
 Commission file number 
 
 THE MPANY 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 
 , , 
 (Address of principal executive offices and Zip Code) 
 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: Class B Common Stock, one dollar par value 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 
 As of July 1, 2022 (the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter), the aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates was . Class B Common Stock is not listed for public trading on any exchange or market system. However, Class B shares are convertible into shares of Common Stock at any time on a share-for-share basis. Determination of aggregate market value assumes all outstanding shares of Class B Common Stock held by non-affiliates were converted to Common Stock as of July 1, 2022. The market value indicated is calculated based on the closing price of the Common Stock on the New York Stock Exchange on July 1, 2022 per share). 
 
 Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the registrant s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date. 
 Common Stock, one dollar par value shares, as of February 15, 2023. 
 Class B Common Stock, one dollar par value shares, as of February 15, 2023. 

THE HERSHEY COMPANY 
 Annual Report on Form 10-K 
 For the Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 PART I Item 1. 
 Business 
 2 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 9 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 15 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 16 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 16 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 16 
 Supplemental Item 
 Information About Our Executive Officers 
 17 
 PART II Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 18 
 Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 19 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 20 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 41 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 45 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 95 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 95 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 96 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 96 
 PART III Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 97 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 97 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 97 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 98 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 98 
 PART IV Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 99 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 102 
 Signatures 
 103 
 Schedule II Valuation and Qualifying Accounts 
 104 

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K, including the exhibits hereto and the information incorporated by reference herein, contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Many of these forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of words such as anticipate, assume, believe, continue, estimate, expect, forecast, future, intend, plan, potential, predict, project, strategy, target and similar terms, and future or conditional tense verbs like could, may, might, should, will and would, among others. Forward-looking statements are predictions only and actual results could differ materially from management s expectations due to a variety of factors, including those described below in Item 1A. Risk Factors and in Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. All forward-looking statements attributable to us or persons working on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by such risk factors. Given these risks and uncertainties, you should not rely on forward-looking statements as a prediction of actual results. The forward-looking statements that we make in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are based on management s current views and assumptions regarding future events and speak only as of their dates. We assume no obligation to update developments of these risk factors or to announce publicly any revisions to any of the forward-looking statements that we make, or to make corrections to reflect future events or developments, except as required by the federal securities laws. 
 
 Table of Contents 
 The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 1 

PART I 
 Item 1. BUSINESS 
 The Hershey Company was incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware on October 24, 1927 as a successor to a business founded in 1894 by Milton S. Hershey. In this report, the terms Hershey, Company, we, us or our mean The Hershey Company and its wholly-owned subsidiaries and entities in which it has a controlling financial interest, unless the context indicates otherwise. 
 Hershey is a global confectionery leader known for making more moments of goodness through chocolate, sweets, mints and other great tasting snacks. We are the largest producer of quality chocolate in North America, a leading snack maker in the United States and a global leader in chocolate and non-chocolate confectionery. We market, sell and distribute our products under more than 100 brand names in approximately 80 countries worldwide. 
 Reportable Segments 
 The Company reports its operations through three segments: (i) North America Confectionery, (ii) North America Salty Snacks and (iii) International. This organizational structure aligns with how our Chief Operating Decision Maker CODM manages our business, including resource allocation and performance assessment, and further aligns with our product categories and the key markets we serve. 
 North America Confectionery This segment is responsible for our traditional chocolate and non-chocolate confectionery market position in the United States and Canada. This includes our business in chocolate and non-chocolate confectionery, gum and refreshment products, protein bars, spreads, snack bites and mixes, as well as pantry and food service lines. This segment also includes our retail operations, including Hershey s Chocolate World stores in Hershey, Pennsylvania; New York, New York; Las Vegas, Nevada; Niagara Falls (Ontario) and Singapore, as well as operations associated with licensing the use of certain of the Company s trademarks and products to third parties around the world. 
 North America Salty Snacks This segment is responsible for our salty snacking products in the United States. This includes ready-to-eat popcorn, baked and trans fat free snacks, pretzels and other snacks. 
 International International is a combination of all other operating segments that are not individually material, including those geographic regions where we operate outside of North America. We currently have operations and manufacture product in Mexico, Brazil, India and Malaysia, primarily for consumers in these regions, and also distribute and sell confectionery products in export markets of Asia, Latin America, Middle East, Europe, Africa and other regions. 
 Financial and other information regarding our segments is provided in our Management s Discussion and Analysis and Note 13 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Business Acquisitions and Divestitures 
 In December 2021, we completed the acquisition of Pretzels Inc. Pretzels ), previously a privately held company that manufactures and sells pretzels and other salty snacks for other branded products and private labels in the United States. Pretzels is an industry leader in the pretzel category with a product portfolio that includes filled, gluten free and seasoned pretzels, as well as extruded snacks that complements Hershey s snacks portfolio. Based in Bluffton, Indiana, Pretzels operates three manufacturing locations in Indiana and Kansas. Pretzels provides Hershey deep pretzel category and product expertise and the manufacturing capabilities to support brand growth and future pretzel innovation. Additionally in December 2021, we completed the acquisition of Dot s Pretzels, LLC Dot s ), previously a privately held company that produces and sells pretzels and other snack food products to retailers and distributors in the United States, with Dot s Homestyle Pretzels snacks as its primary product. Dot s is the fastest-growing scale brand in the pretzel category and complements Hershey s snacks portfolio. 
 In June 2021, we completed the acquisition of Lily s Sweets, LLC Lily s ), previously a privately held company that sells a line of sugar-free and low-sugar confectionery foods to retailers and distributors in the United States and Canada. Lily s products include dark and milk chocolate style bars, baking chips, peanut butter cups and other confection products that complement Hershey s confectionery and confectionery-based portfolio. 
 Table of Contents 
 The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 2 

In January 2021, we completed the divestiture of Lotte Shanghai Foods Co., Ltd. LSFC ), which was previously included within the International segment results in our consolidated financial statements. Total proceeds from the divestiture and the impact on our consolidated financial statements were immaterial. 
 During the second quarter of 2020, we completed the divestitures of KRAVE Pure Foods, Inc. Krave ), which was previously included within the North America Salty Snacks segment, and the Scharffen Berger and Dagoba brands, both of which were previously included within the North America Confectionery segment results in our consolidated financial statements. Total proceeds from the divestitures and the impact on our Consolidated Statements of Income, both individually and on an aggregate basis, were immaterial. 
 Products and Brands 
 Our principal product offerings include chocolate and non-chocolate confectionery products; gum and mint refreshment products and protein bars; snack items such as popcorn, pretzels, spreads, snack bites and mixes; and pantry items, such as baking ingredients, toppings and beverages. 
 Within our North America Confectionery segment, our product portfolio includes a wide variety of chocolate offerings marketed and sold under the renowned brands of Hershey s , Reese s and Kisses , along with other popular chocolate and non-chocolate confectionery brands such as Jolly Rancher , Almond Joy , Brookside, barkTHINS , Cadbury, Good Plenty , Heath , Kit Kat , Payday , Rolo , Twizzlers , Whoppers and York . Our protein bar products include ONE bar and our gum and mint products include Ice Breakers mints and chewing gum, Breath Savers mints and Bubble Yum bubble gum. We also have pantry items, including baking products, toppings and sundae syrups sold under the Hershey s, Reese s, Heath and Lily s brands, as well as Hershey s and Reese s chocolate spreads and snack bites and mixes. 
 Within our North America Salty Snacks segment, we have our salty snack items. This includes ready-to-eat SkinnyPop popcorn, baked and trans fat free Pirates Booty snacks, Dot s Homestyle Pretzels snacks and other snack brands such as Paqui. 
 Within our International segment, we manufacture, market and sell many of these same brands, as well as other brands that are marketed regionally, such as Pelon Pelo Rico confectionery products in Mexico, IO-IO snack products in Brazil and Sofit beverage products in India. 
 Principal Customers and Marketing Strategy 
 Our customers are mainly wholesale distributors, chain grocery stores, mass merchandisers, chain drug stores, vending companies, wholesale clubs, convenience stores, dollar stores, concessionaires and department stores. The majority of our customers, with the exception of wholesale distributors, resell our products to end-consumers in retail outlets in North America and other locations worldwide. 
 In 2022, approximately 28 of our consolidated net sales were made to McLane Company, Inc., one of the largest wholesale distributors in the United States U.S. to convenience stores, drug stores, wholesale clubs and mass merchandisers and the primary distributor of our products to Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. 
 The foundation of our marketing strategy is our strong brand equities, product innovation and the consistently superior quality of our products. We devote considerable resources to the identification, development, testing, manufacturing and marketing of new products. We utilize a variety of promotional programs directed towards our customers, as well as advertising and promotional programs for consumers of our products, to stimulate sales of certain products at various times throughout the year. 
 In conjunction with our sales and marketing efforts, our efficient product distribution network helps us maintain sales growth and provide superior customer service by facilitating the shipment of our products from our manufacturing plants to strategically located distribution centers. We primarily use common carriers to deliver our products from these distribution points to our customers. 
 
 Table of Contents 
 The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 3 

Raw Materials and Pricing 
 Cocoa products, including cocoa liquor, cocoa butter and cocoa powder processed from cocoa beans, are the most significant raw materials we use to produce our chocolate products. These cocoa products are purchased directly from third-party suppliers, who source cocoa beans that are grown principally in Far Eastern, West African, Central and South American regions. West Africa accounts for approximately 70 of the world s supply of cocoa beans. 
 Adverse changes in climate or extreme weather, crop disease, political unrest and other problems in cocoa-producing countries have caused price fluctuations in the past, but have never resulted in the total loss of a particular producing country s cocoa crop and/or exports. In the event that a significant disruption occurs in any given country, we believe cocoa from other producing countries and from current physical cocoa stocks in consuming countries would provide a significant supply buffer. 
 Our trading company in Switzerland performs all aspects of cocoa procurement, including price risk management, physical supply procurement and sustainable sourcing oversight. The trading company optimizes the supply chain for our cocoa requirements, with a strategic focus on gaining real time access to cocoa market intelligence. It also provides us with the ability to recruit and retain world class commodities traders and procurement professionals and enables enhanced collaboration with commodities trade groups, the global cocoa community and sustainable sourcing resources. 
 We also use substantial quantities of sugar, corn products, Class II and IV dairy products, wheat products, peanuts, almonds and energy in our production process. Most of these inputs for our domestic and Canadian operations are purchased from suppliers in the United States. For our international operations, inputs not locally available may be imported from other countries. 
 We change prices and weights of our products when necessary to accommodate changes in input costs, the competitive environment and profit objectives, while at the same time maintaining consumer value. Price increases and weight changes help to offset increases in our input costs, including raw and packaging materials, fuel, utilities, transportation costs and employee benefits. When we implement price increases, there is usually a time lag between the effective date of the list price increases and the impact of the price increases on net sales, in part because we typically honor previous commitments to planned consumer and customer promotions and merchandising events subsequent to the effective date of the price increases. In addition, promotional allowances may be increased subsequent to the effective date, delaying or partially offsetting the impact of price increases on net sales. 
 Competition 
 Many of our confectionery and salty snack brands enjoy wide consumer acceptance and are among the leading brands sold in the marketplace in North America and certain international markets. We sell our brands in highly competitive markets with many other global multinational, national, regional and local firms. Some of our competitors are large companies with significant resources and substantial international operations. Competition in our product categories is based on product innovation, product quality, price, brand recognition and loyalty, effectiveness of marketing and promotional activity, the ability to identify and satisfy consumer preferences, as well as convenience and service. We have also experienced increased competition from other snack items, and through innovation and acquisitions, we are continuing to expand the boundaries of our brands to capture new snacking occasions. 
 Working Capital, Seasonality and Backlog 
 Our sales are typically higher during the third and fourth quarters of the year, representing seasonal and holiday-related sales patterns. We manufacture primarily for stock and typically fill customer orders within a few days of receipt. Therefore, the backlog of any unfilled orders is not material to our total annual sales. Additional information relating to our cash flows from operations and working capital practices is provided in our Management s Discussion and Analysis. 
 
 Table of Contents 
 The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 4 

Trademarks, Service Marks and License Agreements 
 We own various registered and unregistered trademarks and service marks. The trademarks covering our key product brands are of material importance to our business. Depending on the country, trademarks remain valid for as long as they are in use or their registration status is maintained. Trademark registrations generally are renewable for fixed terms. We follow a practice of seeking trademark protection in the United States and other key international markets where our products are sold. We also grant trademark licenses to third parties to produce and sell pantry items, flavored milks and various other products primarily under the Hershey s and Reese s brand names. 
 Furthermore, we have rights under license agreements with several companies to manufacture and/or sell and distribute certain products. Our rights under these agreements are extendible on a long-term basis at our option. Our most significant licensing agreements are as follows: 
 Company 
 Brand Location Requirements Kraft Foods Ireland Intellectual Property Limited/Cadbury UK Limited York Peter Paul Almond Joy Peter Paul Mounds Worldwide 
 None 
 Cadbury UK Limited Cadbury Caramello United States 
 Minimum sales requirement exceeded in 2022 
 Soci t des Produits Nestl SA 
 Kit Kat 
 Rolo 
 United States 
 Minimum unit volume sales exceeded in 2022 
 Iconic IP Interests, LLC Good Plenty 
 Heath 
 Jolly Rancher 
 Milk Duds 
 Payday 
 Whoppers 
 Worldwide 
 None 
 
 Research and Development 
 We engage in a variety of research and development activities in a number of countries, including the U.S., Mexico, Brazil, India and Malaysia. We develop new products, improve the quality of existing products, improve and modernize production processes and develop and implement new technologies to enhance the quality and value of both current and proposed product lines. Information concerning our research and development expense is contained in Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Food Quality and Safety Regulation 
 The manufacture and sale of consumer food products is highly regulated. In the U.S., our activities are subject to regulation by various government agencies, including the Food and Drug Administration, the Department of Agriculture, the Federal Trade Commission, the Department of Commerce and the Environmental Protection Agency, as well as various state and local agencies. Similar agencies also regulate our businesses outside of the U.S. 
 We believe our Product Excellence Program provides us with an effective product quality and safety program. This program is integral to our global supply chain platform and is intended to ensure that all products we purchase, manufacture and distribute are safe, are of high quality and comply with applicable laws and regulations. 
 Through our Product Excellence Program, we evaluate our supply chain including ingredients, packaging, processes, products, distribution and the environment to determine where product quality and safety controls are necessary. We identify risks and establish controls intended to ensure product quality and safety. Various government agencies and third-party firms, as well as our quality assurance staff, conduct audits of all facilities that manufacture our products to assure effectiveness and compliance with our program and applicable laws and regulations. 
 
 Table of Contents 
 The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 5 

Environmental Considerations 
 Beyond ordinary operating and capital expenditures that we make to comply with government regulations, including environmental laws and regulations, we have made a number of voluntary commitments to protect and reduce our environmental impacts in recent years, including efforts to eliminate commodity-driven deforestation and reduce greenhouse gas GHG emissions across our own operations and supply chain. Our climate change related investments and expenditures primarily focus on achieving a 50 absolute reduction in our Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions and a 25 absolute reduction in our Scope 3 GHG emissions by 2030 (compared to a 2018 baseline), as well as having 100 of plastic packaging be recyclable, reusable or compostable and 25 million pounds of packaging be eliminated by 2030. The annual operating and capital expenditures associated with these ordinary course payments and additional climate change commitments are not material with respect to our results of operations, capital expenditures or competitive position. 
 Sustainability 
 The Company s commitment to sustainability started with our founder s belief in responsible citizenship. He was a purpose-driven leader who believed we could use chocolate to Make More Moments of Goodness in the world for our consumers today and for many generations to come. This belief resulted in a strong investment in local communities and the establishment of Milton Hershey School for disadvantaged kids. We continue that legacy today through our holistic environmental, social and governance ESG strategy: our Shared Goodness Promise, which guides how we empower the remarkable people who make and sell our brands, interact with farming communities that grow our ingredients, deliver on our commitments to consumers, customers, and external stakeholders, protect the environment and support children and youth. 
 To learn more about our ESG-related goals, progress and initiatives, as well as review our annual ESG Report and accompanying suite of ESG reporting frameworks, policies, and disclosures, access the Sustainability section of our website at: https://www.thehersheycompany.com/en_us/sustainability.html . Information found on the Company s website is not part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K or any other report filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). 
 Financial Information by Geographic Area 
 Our principal operations and markets are located in the United States. The percentage of total consolidated net sales for our businesses outside of the United States was 12.5 for 2022, 13.0 for 2021 and 13.6 for 2020. The percentage of total long-lived assets outside of the United States was 17.9 as of December 31, 2022 and 18.8 as of December 31, 2021. 
 Human Capital 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company employed approximately 18,075 full-time and 1,790 part-time employees worldwide. Collective bargaining agreements covered approximately 6,470 employees, or approximately 33 of the Company s employees worldwide. During 2023, agreements are expected to be negotiated for certain employees at five facilities, four of which are outside of the United States, comprising approximately 67 of total employees under collective bargaining agreements. We believe our efforts in managing our workforce have been effective, as evidenced by a strong culture and a good relationship between the Company and our employees. 
 We are a purpose-driven company and for more than a century, our iconic brands have been built on a foundation of community investment and connections between people around the world. We could not have achieved this without our remarkable employees who make our purpose a reality. As a result, our human capital strategies are material to our operations and core to the long-term success of the Company. 
 Our People, Safety and Employee Engagement . Our employees are among our most important resources and are critical to our continued success. We provide a workplace that develops, supports and motivates our people. The overall well-being and safety of our employees remains one of our top priorities. We continue to invest in training, workplace resources and leading systems and processes to ensure the responsible management of all facilities. Additionally, continuous listening surveys are distributed throughout the year to all employees globally. These short and fast surveys reach all of our employees around the world to hear their thoughts on the Company s direction and their place in it. These continuous touchpoints allow for real-time feedback and action from the Company. These surveys are further supplemented with quarterly and 
 Table of Contents 
 The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 6 

informative enterprise and team town halls, which, in conjunction with the continuous listening surveys, generate stronger employee engagement with the Company s strategy, initiatives and leadership. Further, in June 2022, the Company conducted its first annual Ethics and Compliance Survey to assess employees perception of the health of ethics and compliance at Hershey. 
 Talent Acquisition, Development and Training . Hiring and developing our employees is critically important to our operations and we are focused on creating experiences and programs that foster growth and performance. We provide all employees the chance to learn, grow and own their work. We have partnered with leading online content experts and increased internal learning development to expand our catalog of online and classroom courses. Additionally, we have co-created a culture of development with the enthusiastic support of our employees. Through individual development plans, learning opportunities, feedback and coaching, employees can build careers at The Hershey Company, as evidenced by the fact that the majority of our eight executive officers were promoted from within the organization (see Information about Our Executive Officers ). 
 Compensation, Benefits and Wellness . In addition to offering competitive, fair and transparent compensation, we also offer a suite of benefits, including comprehensive health and meaningful retirement benefits to eligible employees, tying incentive compensation to both business and individual performance, offering parental leave and adoption benefits and maintaining an employee stock purchase plan. We also provide a number of innovative programs designed to promote physical and emotional well-being, including ergonomic workspaces, a state-of-the-art fitness center at our Hershey, Pennsylvania campus and private rooms designed for quiet reflection, prayer or wellness breaks. The Company also offers SmartFlex benefits which is our suite of policies that allows individuals to create their own balance between work and personal life, including flexing work time based on work priorities or personal commitments, such as caring for children or family members. We believe that this flexibility improves productivity, job satisfaction and increases employee engagement. Additionally, the Company offers a Best of Both flexible work model for corporate and commercial employees to balance work and personal well-being. This model allows employees the option to work either remote, in-office, or both, depending on individual needs, personal schedules and work demands. This offers the benefits of flexibility and in-person collaboration, while maintaining productivity and overall job satisfaction. 
 Diversity, Equity and Inclusion . Our diverse and inclusive culture makes the difference across all areas of the business around the world. Our gender representation includes women occupying many of the top positions in the Company, including Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board, Chief Accounting Officer and President, Salty Snacks, and approximately 50 representation across the Company. Additionally, five of our 12 Board members are women (42 representation). In 2022, we maintained fair and equitable pay achievements, including 1:1 aggregate people of color pay equity for salaried employees in the United States (2021) and 1:1 aggregate gender pay (2020). Further, our eight employee-led Business Resource Groups, which include Abilities First, African American, Asian, GenH (Generations), Latino, Prism (LGBTQ), Veteran s and Women s, play a critical role in attracting diverse talent, providing mentoring and career development opportunities, delivering commercial business insights and connecting people to the Company and the communities where we do business. In 2022, the Company was ranked #6 on DiversityInc s Top 50 Companies for Diversity and was ranked as a top 50 company on Forbes Top Female Friendly Companies. Additionally, the Company also ranked as a top 30 company on Wall Street Journal s Top 250 Best-Managed Companies of 2022. 
 Community and Social Impact . Our philanthropy and volunteerism efforts reflect how we live out the Company s value of making moments of goodness, from supporting causes our employees care about to investing in the long-term success of the communities where we live and work. We work closely with counterparts in each of our plant and office locations across the United States and globally to identify local community needs and craft tailored approaches to provide support. This work includes forging partnerships with local non-governmental organizations, providing grants and contributions and organizing volunteer service activities and employee fundraisers. 
 
 Table of Contents 
 The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 7 

Available Information 
 The Company's website address is www.thehersheycompany.com . We file or furnish annual, quarterly and current reports, proxy statements and other information, including amendments to these reports, with the SEC. You may obtain a copy of any of these reports, free of charge, from the Investors section of our website as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the SEC. The SEC maintains an Internet site that also contains these reports at www.sec.gov . In addition, copies of the Company s annual report will be made available, free of charge, on written request to the Company. 
 We have a Code of Conduct that applies to our Board of Directors Board and all Company officers and employees, including, without limitation, our Chief Executive Officer and senior financial officers (including the Chief Financial Officer, Chief Accounting Officer and persons performing similar functions). You can obtain a copy of our Code of Conduct, as well as our Corporate Governance Guidelines and charters for each of the Board s standing committees, from the Investors section of our website at: https://www.thehersheycompany.com/en_us/investors.html . If we change or waive any portion of the Code of Conduct that applies to any of our directors, executive officers or senior financial officers, we will post that information on our website. Information found on the Company s website is not part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K or any other report filed with the SEC. 

Table of Contents 
 The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 8 

Item 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 You should carefully read the following discussion of significant factors, events and uncertainties when evaluating our business and the forward-looking information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The events and consequences discussed in these risk factors could materially and adversely affect our business, operating results, liquidity and financial condition. While we believe we have identified and discussed below the key risk factors affecting our business, these risk factors do not identify all the risks we face, and there may be additional risks and uncertainties that we do not presently know or that we do not currently believe to be significant that may have a material adverse effect on our business, performance or financial condition in the future. 
 Risks Related to Our Business and Operations 
 Our Company s reputation or brand image might be impacted as a result of issues or concerns relating to the quality and safety of our products, ingredients or packaging, human and workplace rights, and other environmental, social or governance matters, which in turn could result in litigation or otherwise negatively impact our operating results. 
 In order to sell our iconic, branded products, we need to maintain a good reputation with our customers, consumers, suppliers, vendors and employees, among others. Issues related to the quality and safety of our products, ingredients or packaging could jeopardize our Company s image and reputation. We have in the past and may in the future need to recall products if any of our products become unfit for consumption. Negative publicity related to these types of concerns, or related to product contamination or product tampering, whether valid or not, could decrease demand for our products or cause production and delivery disruptions. In addition, negative publicity related to our environmental, social or governance practices could also impact our reputation with customers, consumers, suppliers and vendors. 
 We have been in the past and in the future could potentially be subject to litigation or government actions as a result of issues or concerns relating to the quality and safety of our products, ingredients or packaging, human and workplace rights, and other environmental, social or governance matters, which could result in payments of fines or damages. Costs associated with these potential actions, as well as the potential impact on our reputation or ability to sell our products, could negatively affect our operating results. 
 Disruption to our manufacturing operations or supply chain could impair our ability to produce or deliver finished products, resulting in a negative impact on our operating results. 
 Approximately 70 of our manufacturing capacity is located in the United States. Disruption to our global manufacturing operations or our supply chain could result from, among other factors, the following: 
 Natural disaster; 
 Pandemic outbreak of disease (such as the coronavirus disease 2019 COVID-19 global pandemic); 
 Climate change and severity of extreme weather; 
 Fire or explosion; 
 Terrorism or other acts of violence; 
 Labor strikes or other labor activities; 
 Unavailability of raw or packaging materials; 
 Operational and/or financial instability of key suppliers, and other vendors or service providers; and 
 Suboptimal production planning which could impact our ability to cost-effectively meet product demand. 
 
 We believe that we take adequate precautions to mitigate the impact of possible disruptions. We have strategies and plans in place to manage disruptive events if they were to occur, including our global supply chain strategies and our principle-based global labor relations strategy. If we are unable, or find that it is not financially feasible, to effectively plan for, mitigate or manage operational stability and business resiliency, particularly within our international markets and snacks portfolio, due to the potential impacts of such disruptive events on our manufacturing operations or supply chain, our financial condition and results of operations could be negatively impacted if such events were to occur. 
 
 Table of Contents 
 The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 9 

We might not be able to hire, engage and retain the talented global human capital we need to drive our growth strategies. 
 Our future success depends upon our ability to identify, hire, develop, engage and retain talented personnel across the globe. Competition for global talent is intense, and we might not be able to identify and hire the personnel we need to continue to evolve and grow our business. In particular, if we are unable to hire the right individuals to fill new or existing senior management positions as vacancies arise, our business performance may be impacted. 
 Activities related to identifying, recruiting, hiring and integrating qualified individuals require significant time and attention. We may also need to invest significant amounts of cash and equity to attract talented new employees, and we may never realize returns on these investments. 
 In addition to hiring new employees, we must continue to focus on retaining and engaging the talented individuals we need to sustain our core business and lead our developing businesses into new markets, channels and categories. This may require significant investments in training, coaching and other career development and retention activities. If we are not able to effectively retain and grow our talent, our ability to achieve our strategic objectives will be adversely affected, which may impact our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Risks associated with climate change and other environmental impacts, and increased focus and evolving views of our customers, stockholders and other stakeholders on climate change issues, could negatively affect our business and operations. 
 Climate-related changes can increase variability in, or otherwise impact, natural disasters, including weather patterns, with the potential for increased frequency and severity of significant weather events, natural hazards, rising mean temperature and sea levels, and long-term changes in precipitation patterns. Climate change or weather-related disruptions to our supply chain can impact the availability and cost of materials needed for manufacturing and could increase insurance and other operating costs. 
 Increased focus on climate change has led to legislative and regulatory efforts to combat both potential causes and adverse impacts of climate change, including regulation of GHG emissions. New or increasing laws and regulations related to GHG emissions and other climate change related concerns may adversely affect us, our suppliers and our customers, and may require additional capital investments. Our value chain faces similar challenges as our products rely on agricultural ingredients and a global supply chain. Climate change poses a significant and increasing risk to global food production systems and to the safety and resilience of the communities where we live, work and source our ingredients. The GHG impacts of land-use change are most pronounced in our cocoa supply chain, where we have already been working for several years to prevent deforestation. Additionally, any non-compliance with legislative and regulatory requirements could negatively impact our reputation and ability to do business. 
 Investors, customers, advisory services, government regulators and other market participants have increasingly focused on the environmental or sustainability practices of companies, including Hershey. Shareholders and financial institutions have increasingly evaluated a company s ESG practices, disclosures and performance before making investments or other financial decisions. We believe our practices, disclosures and performance are strong and growing. However, if our environmental goals do not meet investor or other external stakeholder expectations and standards, our access to capital may be negatively impacted. An enforcement action could harm our reputation, financial position and ability to grow. A failure to meet expectations may adversely affect our results of operations, ability to manage our liquidity, or implement our strategies. 
 The Company publishes its environmental goals, with a particular focus on achieving a 50 absolute reduction in our Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions and a 25 absolute reduction in our Scope 3 GHG emissions by 2030 (compared to a 2018 baseline), as well as having 100 of plastic packaging be reusable, recyclable or compostable and 25 million pounds of packaging be eliminated by 2030. The costs of these voluntary commitments may be greater than expected, and there can be no assurance the Company will achieve its goals, or meet the evolving sustainability expectations and standards of our investors or other external stakeholders. Any failure to achieve our goals, a perception of our failure to act responsibly with respect to the environment, or failure to respond to new or evolving legal and regulatory requirements or other sustainability concerns could adversely affect our business, reputation and increase risk of litigation. 
 Table of Contents 
 The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 10 

The effects and costs of climate change, or any failure to meet related requirements and expectations, could have a negative impact on our reputation, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Risks Related to the Industry in Which We Operate 
 Increases in raw material and energy costs along with the availability of adequate supplies of raw materials could affect future financial results. 
 We use many different commodities for our business, including cocoa products, sugar, corn products, dairy products, wheat products, peanuts, almonds, natural gas and diesel fuel. 
 Commodities are subject to price volatility and changes in supply caused by numerous factors, including: 
 Commodity market fluctuations; 
 Currency exchanges rates; 
 Imbalances between supply and demand; 
 Rising levels of inflation and interest rates related to domestic and global economic conditions or supply chain issues; 
 The effects of climate change and extreme weather on crop yield and quality; 
 Speculative influences; 
 Trade agreements among producing and consuming nations; 
 Supplier compliance with commitments; 
 Import/export requirements for raw materials and finished goods; 
 Political unrest in producing countries; 
 Introduction of living income premiums or similar requirements; 
 Changes in governmental agricultural programs and energy policies; and 
 Other events beyond our control such as the impacts on the business or supply chain arising from the conflict between Russia and Ukraine. 
 
 Although we use forward contracts and commodity futures and options contracts where possible to hedge commodity prices, commodity price increases ultimately result in corresponding increases in our raw material and energy costs. If we are unable to offset cost increases for major raw materials and energy, there could be a negative impact on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Price increases may not be sufficient to offset cost increases and maintain profitability or may result in sales volume declines associated with pricing elasticity. 
 We may be able to pass some or all raw material, energy and other input cost increases to customers by increasing the selling prices of our products or decreasing the size of our products; however, higher product prices or decreased product sizes may also result in a reduction in sales volume and/or consumption. If we are not able to increase our selling prices or reduce product sizes (including if inflation outpaces our pricing elasticity) sufficiently, or in a timely manner, to offset increased raw material, energy or other input costs, including packaging, freight, direct labor, overhead and employee benefits, or if our sales volume decreases significantly, there could be a negative impact on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Market demand for new and existing products could decline. 
 We operate in highly competitive markets and rely on continued demand for our products. To generate revenues and profits, we must sell products that appeal to our customers and to consumers. Our continued success is impacted by many factors, including the following: 
 
 Effective retail execution; 
 Appropriate advertising campaigns and marketing programs; 
 Our ability to secure adequate shelf space at retail locations; 
 Our ability to drive sustainable innovation and maintain a strong pipeline of new products in the confectionery and broader snacking categories; 
 Changes in product category consumption; 
 Our response to consumer demographics and trends, including but not limited to, trends relating to store trips and the impact of the growing digital commerce channel; and 
 Table of Contents 
 The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 11 

Consumer health concerns, including obesity and the consumption of certain ingredients. 
 
 There continues to be competitive product and pricing pressures in the markets where we operate, as well as challenges in maintaining profit margins. We must maintain mutually beneficial relationships with our key customers, including retailers and distributors, to compete effectively. Our largest customer, McLane Company, Inc., accounted for approximately 28 of our total net sales in 2022. McLane Company, Inc. is one of the largest wholesale distributors in the United States to convenience stores, drug stores, wholesale clubs and mass merchandisers, including Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. 
 Increased marketplace competition could hurt our business. 
 The global confectionery and snacks packaged goods industry is intensely competitive and consolidation in this industry continues. Some of our competitors are large companies that have significant resources and substantial international operations. We continue to experience increased levels of in-store activity for other snack items, which has pressured confectionery category growth. In order to protect our existing market share or capture increased market share in this highly competitive retail environment, we may be required to increase expenditures for promotions and advertising, and must continue to introduce and establish new products. Due to inherent risks in the marketplace associated with advertising and new product introductions, including uncertainties about trade and consumer acceptance, increased expenditures may not prove successful in maintaining or enhancing our market share and could result in lower sales and profits. In addition, we may incur increased credit and other business risks because we operate in a highly competitive retail environment. 
 Risks Related to Strategic Initiatives 
 Our financial results may be adversely impacted by the failure to successfully execute or integrate acquisitions, divestitures and joint ventures. 
 From time to time, we may evaluate potential acquisitions, divestitures or joint ventures that align with our strategic objectives. The success of such activity depends, in part, upon our ability to identify suitable buyers, sellers or business partners; perform effective assessments prior to contract execution; negotiate contract terms; and, if applicable, obtain government approval. These activities may present certain financial, managerial, staffing and talent, and operational risks, including diversion of management s attention from existing core businesses; difficulties integrating or separating businesses from existing operations; and challenges presented by acquisitions or joint ventures which may not achieve sales levels and profitability that justify the investments made. If the acquisitions, divestitures or joint ventures are not successfully implemented or completed, there could be a negative impact on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 In 2021, we successfully completed the divestiture of LSFC as we better prioritize resources against assets and brands that fit our business model and scale capabilities. Additionally, we completed the acquisitions of Lily s in June 2021 and Dot s and Pretzels in December 2021. While we believe significant operating synergies can be obtained in connection with these acquisitions, achievement of these synergies will be driven by our ability to successfully leverage Hershey s resources, expertise, capability-building, distribution locations and customer base. In addition, the acquisitions of Dot s and Pretzels are important steps in our journey to expand our breadth in snacking, as they should enable us to bring scale and category management capabilities to a key sub-segment of the warehouse snack aisle. If we are unable to successfully couple Hershey s scale and expertise in brand building with Lily s, Dot s and Pretzels existing operations, it may impact our ability to expand our snacking footprint at our desired pace. 

Table of Contents 
 The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 12 

Our international operations may not achieve projected growth objectives, which could adversely impact our overall business and results of operations. 
 In 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, we derived approximately 12.5 , 13.0 and 13.6 of our net sales from customers located outside of the United States. Additionally, approximately 18 of our total long-lived assets were located outside of the United States as of December 31, 2022. As part of our strategy, we have made investments outside of the United States, particularly in Canada, Malaysia, Mexico, Brazil and India. As a result, we are subject to risks and uncertainties relating to international sales and operations, including: 
 The inability to manage operational stability and business resiliency within our international markets due to unforeseen global economic and environmental changes resulting in business interruption, supply constraints, inflation, deflation or decreased demand; 
 The inability to establish, develop and achieve market acceptance of our global brands in international markets; 
 Difficulties and costs associated with compliance and enforcement of remedies under a wide variety of complex laws, treaties and regulations; 
 Unexpected changes in regulatory environments; 
 Political and economic instability, including the possibility of civil unrest, terrorism, mass violence or armed conflict; 
 Nationalization of our properties by foreign governments; 
 Tax rates that may exceed those in the United States and earnings that may be subject to withholding requirements and incremental taxes upon repatriation; 
 Potentially negative consequences from changes in tax laws; 
 The imposition of tariffs, quotas, trade barriers, other trade protection measures and import or export licensing requirements; 
 Increased costs, disruptions in shipping or reduced availability of freight transportation; 
 The impact of currency exchange rate fluctuations between the U.S. dollar and foreign currencies; 
 Failure to gain sufficient profitable scale in certain international markets resulting in an inability to cover manufacturing fixed costs or resulting in losses from impairment or sale of assets; and 
 Failure to recruit, retain and build a talented and engaged global workforce. 
 
 If we are not able to achieve our projected international growth objectives and mitigate the numerous risks and uncertainties associated with our international operations, there could be a negative impact on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 We may not fully realize the expected cost savings and/or operating efficiencies associated with our strategic initiatives or restructuring programs, which may have an adverse impact on our business. 
 We depend on our ability to evolve and grow, and as changes in our business environment occur, we may adjust our business plans by introducing new strategic initiatives or restructuring programs to meet these changes. Recently introduced strategic initiatives include our efforts to continue to expand our presence in digital commerce, to transform our manufacturing, commercial and corporate operations through digital technologies and to enhance our data analytics capabilities to develop new commercial insights. If we are not able to capture our share of the expanding digital commerce market, if we do not adequately leverage technology to improve operating efficiencies or if we are unable to develop the data analytics capabilities needed to generate actionable commercial insights, our business performance may be impacted, which may negatively impact our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Additionally, from time to time we implement business realignment activities to support key strategic initiatives designed to maintain long-term sustainable growth, such as the International Optimization Program, which we commenced in the fourth quarter of 2020. This program is intended to increase our operating effectiveness and efficiency, to reduce our costs and/or to generate savings that can be reinvested in other areas of our business. We cannot guarantee that we will be able to successfully implement these strategic initiatives and restructuring programs, that we will achieve or sustain the intended benefits under these programs, or that the benefits, even if achieved, will be adequate to meet our long-term growth and profitability expectations, which could in turn adversely affect our business. 
 
 Table of Contents 
 The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 13 

Risks Related to Governmental and Regulatory Changes 
 Changes in governmental laws and regulations could increase our costs and liabilities or impact demand for our products. 
 Changes in laws and regulations and the manner in which they are interpreted or applied may alter our business environment. These negative impacts could result from changes in food and drug laws, laws related to advertising and marketing practices, accounting standards, taxation compliance and requirements, competition laws, employment laws, import/export requirements and environmental laws, among others. It is possible that we could become subject to additional liabilities in the future resulting from changes in laws and regulations that could result in an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Political, economic and/or financial market conditions, including impacts on our business arising from the conflict between Russia and Ukraine, could negatively impact our financial results. 
 Our operations are impacted by consumer spending levels and impulse purchases, which are affected by general macroeconomic conditions, consumer confidence, employment levels, the availability of consumer credit and interest rates on that credit, consumer debt levels, energy costs and other factors. Volatility in food and energy costs, sustained global recessions, broad political instability, rising unemployment, pandemic outbreak of disease (such as COVID-19), climate change, weather, natural and other disasters and declines in personal spending could adversely impact our revenues, profitability and financial condition. 
 Changes in financial market conditions may make it difficult to access credit markets on commercially acceptable terms, which may reduce liquidity or increase borrowing costs for our Company, our customers and our suppliers. A significant reduction in liquidity could increase counterparty risk associated with certain suppliers and service providers, resulting in disruption to our supply chain and/or higher costs, and could impact our customers, resulting in a reduction in our revenue, or a possible increase in bad debt expense. 
 Additionally, in February 2022, Russia invaded Ukraine and this conflict is still ongoing. In response, the U.S. and other countries have imposed sanctions on Russia and may impose further sanctions that could damage or disrupt international commerce and the global economy. With respect to the conflict between Russia and Ukraine, the situation remains dynamic and subject to rapid and possibly material change. The Company s efforts to manage and mitigate any direct or indirect effects from this conflict may ultimately be unsuccessful, and the effectiveness of these efforts depends on factors beyond our control, including the duration of the conflict and potential governmental actions. The potential effects of the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine may also impact many of the other risk factors described herein. 
 Risks Related to Digital Transformation, Cybersecurity and Data Privacy 
 Disruptions, failures or security breaches of our information technology infrastructure could have a negative impact on our operations. 
 Information technology is critically important to our business operations. We use information technology to manage all business processes including manufacturing, financial, logistics, sales, marketing and administrative functions. These processes collect, interpret and distribute business data and communicate internally and externally with employees, suppliers, customers and other third parties. 
 We are regularly the target of cyber, ransomware and other security threats. Therefore, we continuously monitor and update our information technology networks and infrastructure to prevent, detect, address and mitigate the risk of unauthorized access, misuse, computer viruses and other events that could have a security impact. We invest in industry standard security technology to protect the Company s data and business processes against risk of data security breach and cyber attack. Our data security management program includes identity, trust, vulnerability and threat management business processes as well as adoption of standard data protection policies. We measure our data security effectiveness through industry-accepted methods and remediate significant findings. Additionally, we certify our major technology suppliers and any outsourced services through accepted security certification standards. We maintain and routinely test backup systems and disaster recovery, along with external network security penetration testing by an independent third party as part of our business resiliency preparedness. We also have processes in place to prevent disruptions resulting from our implementation of new software and systems. 
 Table of Contents 
 The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 14 

While we have been subject to cyber attacks, ransomware and other security breaches, these incidents did not have a significant impact on our business operations. We believe our security technology tools and processes provide adequate measures of protection against security and data breaches and in reducing cybersecurity risks. Nevertheless, despite continued vigilance in these areas, disruptions in or failures of information technology systems are possible and could have a negative impact on our operations or business reputation. Failure of our systems, including failures due to cyber attacks that would prevent the ability of systems to function as intended, could cause transaction errors, loss of customers and sales, and could have negative consequences to our Company, our employees and those with whom we do business. This in turn could have a negative impact on our financial condition and results or operations. In addition, the cost to remediate any damages to our information technology systems suffered as a result of a cyber attack could be significant. 
 Complications with the design or implementation of our new enterprise resource planning system could adversely impact our business and operations. 
 We rely extensively on information systems and technology to manage our business and summarize operating results. We are in the process of a multi-year implementation of a new global enterprise resource planning ERP system. This ERP system will replace our existing operating and financial systems. The ERP system is designed to accurately maintain the Company s financial records, enhance operational functionality and provide timely information to the Company s management team related to the operation of the business. The ERP system implementation process has required, and will continue to require, the investment of significant personnel and financial resources. We may not be able to successfully implement the ERP system without experiencing further delays, increased costs and other difficulties. If we are unable to successfully design and implement the new ERP system as planned, our financial positions, results of operations and cash flows could be negatively impacted. Additionally, if we do not effectively implement the ERP system as planned or the ERP system does not operate as intended, the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting could be adversely affected or our ability to assess those controls adequately could be further delayed. 
 
 Item 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 None. 
 Table of Contents 
 The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 15 

Item 2. PROPERTIES 
 Our principal properties include the following: 
 Country 
 Location Type 
 Status (Own/Lease) United States Hershey, Pennsylvania (2 principal plants) Manufacturing confectionery products and pantry items Own Lancaster, Pennsylvania Manufacturing confectionery products Own Hazleton, Pennsylvania Manufacturing confectionery products Own Robinson, Illinois Manufacturing confectionery products and pantry items Own Stuarts Draft, Virginia Manufacturing confectionery products and pantry items Own Edgerton, Kansas Manufacturing salty snack products Own Bluffton, Indiana Manufacturing salty snack products Lease Plymouth, Indiana Manufacturing salty snack products Lease Lawrence, Kansas Manufacturing salty snack products Lease Annville, Pennsylvania Distribution Own Palmyra, Pennsylvania Distribution Own Edwardsville, Illinois Distribution Own Ogden, Utah Distribution Own Kennesaw, Georgia Distribution Lease Whitestown, Indiana Distribution Lease Hershey, Pennsylvania Corporate administrative Lease New York, New York Retail Lease Canada Brantford, Ontario Distribution Own Mexico Monterrey, Mexico Manufacturing confectionery products Own El Salto, Mexico Manufacturing confectionery products and pantry items Own Malaysia Johor, Malaysia Manufacturing confectionery products Own 
 In addition to the locations indicated above, we also own or lease several other properties and buildings worldwide which we use for manufacturing, sales, distribution and administrative functions. Our facilities are well maintained and generally have adequate capacity to accommodate seasonal demands, changing product mixes and certain additional growth. We regularly improve our facilities to incorporate the latest technologies. The largest facilities are located in Hershey, Lancaster and Hazleton, Pennsylvania; Monterrey and El Salto, Mexico; and Stuarts Draft, Virginia. The U.S., Canada and Mexico facilities in the table above primarily support our North America Confectionery and North America Salty Snacks segments, while the Malaysia facility primarily serves our International segment. As discussed in Note 13 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, we do not manage our assets on a segment basis given the integration of certain manufacturing, warehousing, distribution and other activities in support of our global operations. 
 
 Item 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 Information on legal proceedings is included in Note 15 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Item 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not applicable. 
 Table of Contents 
 The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 16 

SUPPLEMENTAL ITEM. INFORMATION ABOUT OUR EXECUTIVE OFFICERS 
 The executive officers of the Company, their positions and, as of February 15, 2023, their ages are set forth below. 
 Name Age Positions Held During the Last Five Years Michele G. Buck 61 Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer (October 2019); President and Chief Executive Officer (March 2017) Jennifer L. McCalman (1) 
 45 Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer (February 2021); Senior Director, Global Controller (March 2019) Charles R. Raup 55 President, U.S. Confection (November 2022); President, U.S. (January 2020); Vice President, U.S. CMG (June 2018); Vice President and General Manager, Chocolate (August 2017) Jason R. Reiman 51 Senior Vice President, Chief Supply Chain Officer (June 2019); Vice President, Supply Chain Operations (August 2018); Vice President, US Supply Chain Operations (July 2017); Vice President, International Operations (May 2017) Kristen J. Riggs 44 President, Salty Snacks (November 2022); Senior Vice President, Chief Growth Officer (January 2020); Vice President, Innovation and Strategic Growth Platforms (September 2019); Vice President, Commercial Planning (June 2018); Vice President, Brand Commercialization (July 2017) Christopher M. Scalia 47 Senior Vice President, Chief Human Resources Officer (January 2020); Vice President, Global Human Resources (March 2018); Vice President, Talent, HR Operations and Analytics (December 2014) James Turoff 46 Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary (May 2021); 
 Acting General Counsel (December 2020); 
 Vice President, Deputy General Counsel (March 2019); 
 Vice President, SEC, Corporate Governance Compliance (March 2018); 
 Associate General Counsel, Securities Governance and Business Transformation (May 2017) 
 Steven E. Voskuil (2) 
 54 Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer (February 2021); Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer (November 2019); Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer (May 2019) 
 
 There are no family relationships among any of the above-named officers of our Company. 
 
 (1) Ms. McCalman was appointed Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer effective February 23, 2021. Prior to joining our Company she was Senior Director and Assistant Controller for Keurig Dr. Pepper (formerly Keurig Green Mountain) (May 2017). 
 (2) Mr. Voskuil was appointed Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer effective May 13, 2019. Prior to joining our Company he was Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer at Avanos Medical, Inc. (November 2014). 
 Our Executive Officers are generally appointed each year at the organization meeting of the Board in May. 
 Table of Contents 
 The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 17 

PART II 
 Item 5. MARKET FOR THE REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 Our Common Stock is listed and traded principally on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol HSY. The Class B Common Stock Class B Stock is not publicly traded. 
 The closing price of our Common Stock on December 30, 2022 (the last business day of the of the fiscal year) was 231.57. There were 24,076 stockholders of record of our Common Stock and 5 stockholders of record of our Class B Stock as of December 31, 2022. 
 We paid 775.0 million in cash dividends on our Common Stock and Class B Stock in 2022 and 686.0 million in 2021. The annual dividend rate on our Common Stock in 2022 was 3.874 per share. 
 On January 31, 2023, our Board declared a quarterly dividend of 1.036 per share of Common Stock payable on March 15, 2023, to stockholders of record as of February 17, 2023. It is the Company s 373rd consecutive quarterly Common Stock dividend. A quarterly dividend of 0.942 per share of Class B Stock also was declared. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 None. 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 The following table shows the purchases of shares of Common Stock made by or on behalf of Hershey, or any affiliated purchaser (as defined in Rule 10b-18(a)(3) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) of Hershey, for each fiscal month in the three months ended December 31, 2022: 
 Period 
 Total Number of Shares Purchased (1) Average Price Paid per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs (2) 
 Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs (2) (in thousands of dollars) October 3 through October 30 609,983 October 31 through November 27 145,701 231.25 609,983 November 28 through December 31 609,983 Total 145,701 
 (1) During the three months ended December 31, 2022, 145,701 shares of Common Stock were purchased in open market transactions in connection with our standing authorization to buy back shares sufficient to offset those issued under incentive compensation plans, which authorization does not have a dollar or share limit and is not included in our share repurchase authorizations described in the following note (2). 
 (2) In July 2018, our Board of Directors approved a 500 million share repurchase authorization. As of December 31, 2022, approximately 110 million remained available for repurchases of our Common Stock under this program. In May 2021, our Board of Directors approved an additional 500 million share repurchase authorization. This program is to commence after the existing 2018 authorization is completed and is to be utilized at management s discretion. These share repurchase programs do not have an expiration date. 
 In February 2023, the Company entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement with Hershey Trust Company, as trustee for the Milton Hershey School Trust (the School Trust ), pursuant to which the Company purchased 1,000,000 shares of the Company s Common Stock from the School Trust at a price equal to 239.91 per share, for a total purchase price of 239.9 million. As a result of this repurchase, our July 2018 share repurchase authorization program was completed in February 2023, and approximately 370 million remains available for repurchases under our May 2021 share repurchase authorization. 
 Table of Contents 
 The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 18 

In February 2022, the Company entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement with Hershey Trust Company, as trustee for the School Trust, pursuant to which the Company purchased 1,000,000 shares of the Company s Common Stock from the School Trust at a price equal to 203.35 per share, for a total purchase price of 203.4 million. 
 Stockholder Return Performance Graph 
 The following graph compares our cumulative total stockholder return (Common Stock price appreciation plus dividends, on a reinvested basis) over the last five fiscal years with the Standard Poor s 500 Index and the Standard Poor s 500 Packaged Foods Index. 
 
 Comparison of 5 Year Cumulative Total Return 
 Among The Hershey Company, the S P 500 Index, 
 and the S P 500 Packaged Foods Index 
 
 100 invested on December 31, 2017 in stock or index, assuming reinvestment of dividends. 
 
 December 31, Company/Index 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 The Hershey Company 100 97 136 144 187 228 S P 500 Index 100 96 126 149 191 157 S P 500 Packaged Foods Index 100 81 106 111 126 137 
 
 The stock price performance included in this graph is not necessarily indicative of future stock price performance. 

Item 6. [RESERVED] 
 Table of Contents 
 The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 19 

Item 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 This Management s Discussion and Analysis MD A is intended to provide an understanding of Hershey s financial condition, results of operations and cash flows by focusing on changes in certain key measures from year to year. The MD A should be read in conjunction with our Consolidated Financial Statements and accompanying Notes included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. This discussion contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including those discussed elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, particularly in Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 The MD A is organized in the following sections: 
 Business Model and Growth Strategy 
 Overview 
 Trends Affecting Our Business 
 Consolidated Results of Operations 
 Segment Results 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 
 BUSINESS MODEL AND GROWTH STRATEGY 
 We are the largest producer of quality chocolate in North America, a leading snack maker in the United States and a global leader in chocolate and non-chocolate confectionery. We report our operations through three segments: (i) North America Confectionery, (ii) North America Salty Snacks and (iii) International, as discussed in Note 13 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Our vision is to be a leading snacking powerhouse. We aspire to be a leader in meeting consumers evolving snacking needs while strengthening the capabilities that drive our growth. We are focused on four strategic imperatives to ensure the Company s success now and in the future: 
 
 Drive Core Confection Business and Broaden Participation in Snacking . We continue to be the undisputed leader in U.S. confection by taking actions to deepen our consumer connections and utilize our beloved brands to deliver meaningful innovation, while also diversifying our portfolio to capture profitable and incremental growth across the broader snacking continuum. 
 Our products frequently play an important role in special moments among family and friends. Seasons are an important part of our business model and for consumers, as they are highly anticipated, cherished times, centered around traditions. For us, it s an opportunity for our brands to be part of many connections during the year when family and friends gather. 
 Innovation is an important lever in this variety-seeking category and we are leveraging work from our proprietary demand landscape analytical tool to shape our future innovation and make it more impactful. We are becoming more disciplined in our focus on platform innovation, which should enable sustainable growth over time and significant extensions to our core. 
 To expand our breadth in snacking, we are focused on expanding the boundaries of our core confection brands to capture new snacking occasions and increasing our exposure into new snack categories through acquisitions. Our expansion into snacking recently has been fueled by the acquisitions of Dot s and Pretzels in December 2021, which are included in our North America Salty Snacks segment. 
 
 Deliver Profitable International Growth . We are focused on ensuring that we efficiently allocate our resources to the areas with the highest potential for profitable growth. We have reset our international investment strategy, while holding fast to our belief that our targeted emerging market strategy will deliver long-term, profitable growth. The uncertain macroeconomic environment in many of these markets is expected to continue and we aim to ensure our investments in these international markets are appropriate relative to the size of the opportunity. 
 
 Table of Contents 
 The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 20 

Expand Competitive Advantage through Differentiated Capabilities . In order to generate actionable insights, we must acquire, integrate, access and utilize vast sources of the right data in an effective manner. We are working to leverage our advanced data and analytical techniques to gain a deep understanding of our consumers, our customers, our shoppers, our end-to-end supply chain, our retail environment and key economic drivers at both a macro and precision level, including digital transformation and new media models. In addition, we are in the process of transforming our supply chain capabilities and enterprise resource planning system, which will enable employees to work more efficiently and effectively. 
 
 Responsibly Manage Our Operations to Ensure the Long-Term Sustainability of Our Business, Our Planet and Our People . We are a purpose-driven company and for more than a century, our iconic brands have been built on a foundation of community investment and connections between people around the world. We could not have achieved this without our remarkable employees who make our purpose a reality. We believe our long-standing values make our Company a special place to work. 
 We believe our employees are among our most important resources and are critical to our continued success. We utilize continuous listening surveys that are distributed throughout the year to all employees globally. These short and fast surveys reach all of our employees around the world to hear their thoughts on the Company s direction and their place in it. These continuous touchpoints allow for real-time feedback and action from the Company. These surveys are further supplemented with quarterly and informative enterprise and team town halls, which, in conjunction with the continuous listening surveys, generate stronger employee engagement with the Company s strategy, initiatives and leadership. 
 Our diverse and inclusive culture makes the difference across all areas of the business. Our gender representation includes women occupying many of the top positions in the Company, including Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board, Chief Accounting Officer and President, Salty Snacks, and approximately 50 representation across the Company. In 2022, we maintained fair and equitable pay achievements, including 1:1 aggregate people of color pay equity for salaried employees in the United States (2021) and 1:1 aggregate gender pay (2020). 
 We have made strong progress on our ESG priorities and continue to elevate these ESG initiatives for a greater global impact. While we focus on sustainability and social impact across our value chain, we continue to improve and focus on the lives of cocoa farmers and cocoa communities, the environmental priorities of climate change and the role of packaging in our business, responsibly and sustainably sourcing the inputs to our products and increasing investments in human rights and diversity initiatives and growing diverse representation across the organization. 
 
 OVERVIEW 
 Hershey is a global confectionery leader known for making more moments of goodness through chocolate, sweets, mints and other great tasting snacks. We are the largest producer of quality chocolate in North America, a leading snack maker in the United States and a global leader in chocolate and non-chocolate confectionery. We market, sell and distribute our products under more than 100 brand names in approximately 80 countries worldwide. 
 Our principal product offerings include chocolate and non-chocolate confectionery products; gum and mint refreshment products and protein bars; pantry items, such as baking ingredients, toppings and beverages; and snack items such as spreads, bars, and snack bites and mixes, popcorn and pretzels. 
 Business Acquisitions and Divestitures 
 In December 2021, we completed the acquisition of Pretzels Inc. Pretzels ), previously a privately held company that manufactures and sells pretzels and other salty snacks for other branded products and private labels in the United States. Pretzels is an industry leader in the pretzel category with a product portfolio that includes filled, gluten free and seasoned pretzels, as well as extruded snacks that complements Hershey s snacks portfolio. Based in Bluffton, Indiana, Pretzels operates three manufacturing locations in Indiana and Kansas. Pretzels provides Hershey with deep pretzel category and product expertise and the manufacturing capabilities to support brand growth and future pretzel innovation. Additionally, we completed the acquisition of Dot s Pretzels, LLC Dot s ), previously a privately held company that produces and sells pretzels and other snack food products to retailers and distributors in the United States, with Dot s Homestyle Pretzels snacks as its primary product. Dot s is the fastest-growing scale brand in the pretzel category and complements Hershey s snacks portfolio. 
 Table of Contents 
 The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 21 

In June 2021, we completed the acquisition of Lily s Sweets, LLC Lily s ), previously a privately held company that sells a line of sugar-free and low-sugar confectionery foods to retailers and distributors in the United States and Canada. Lily s products include dark and milk chocolate style bars, baking chips, peanut butter cups and other confection products that complement Hershey s confectionery and confectionery-based portfolio. 
 In January 2021, we completed the divestiture of Lotte Shanghai Foods Co., Ltd. LSFC ), which was previously included within the International segment results in our consolidated financial statements. Total proceeds from the divestiture and the impact on our consolidated financial statements were immaterial. 
 During the second quarter of 2020, we completed the divestitures of KRAVE Pure Foods, Inc. Krave ), which was previously included within the North America Salty Snacks segment, and the Scharffen Berger and Dagoba brands, both of which were previously included within the North America Confectionery segment results in our consolidated financial statements. 
 
 TRENDS AFFECTING OUR BUSINESS 
 Demand for consumer goods has remained strong throughout 2022, with continued positive consumer patterns identified for our products, as well as increased consumer optimism and mobility, including retail foot traffic. However, negative macroeconomic conditions, including inflation on inputs to consumer products, labor shortages and demand outpacing supply, have led to broad-based supply chain disruptions across the U.S. and globally. As a result, we experienced corresponding incremental costs and gross margin pressures during the year ended December 31, 2022 (see Results of Operations included in this MD A). We are continuing to work closely with our business units, contract manufacturers, distributors, contractors and other external business partners to minimize the potential impact on our business. 
 
 In addition to broad-based supply chain disruptions, certain geopolitical events, specifically the conflict between Russia and Ukraine, have increased global economic and political uncertainty. For the year ended December 31, 2022, this conflict did not have a material impact on our commodity prices or supply availability. However, we are continuing to monitor for any significant escalation or expansion of economic or supply chain disruptions or broader inflationary costs, which may result in material adverse effects on our results of operations. 
 
 Net sales and net income increased during the year ended December 31, 2022, which was primarily driven by strong everyday performance on our core U.S. confection brands and salty snack brands (see Segment Results included in this MD A), partially offset by the aforementioned supply chain disruptions and gross margin pressures. As of December 31, 2022, we believe we have sufficient liquidity to satisfy our key strategic initiatives and other material cash requirements in both the short-term and in the long-term; however, we continue to evaluate and take action, as necessary, to preserve adequate liquidity and ensure that our business can operate effectively during the current economic environment. We continue to monitor our discretionary spending across the organization (see Liquidity and Capital Resources included in this MD A). 
 
 Based on the length and severity of broad-based supply chain disruptions, fluctuating levels of inflation, changes in consumer shopping and consumption behavior, and the conflict between Russia and Ukraine, we may experience increasing supply chain costs and higher inflation. We will continue to evaluate the nature and extent of these potential and evolving impacts on our business, consolidated results of operations, segment results, liquidity and capital resources. 

Table of Contents 
 The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 22 

CONSOLIDATED RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 Percent Change For the years ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 2022 vs 2021 2021 vs 2020 In millions of dollars except per share amounts Net sales 10,419.3 8,971.3 8,149.7 16.1 10.1 Cost of sales 5,920.5 4,922.7 4,448.5 20.3 10.7 Gross profit 4,498.8 4,048.6 3,701.2 11.1 9.4 Gross margin 43.2 45.1 45.4 SM A expense 2,236.0 2,001.4 1,890.9 11.7 5.8 SM A expense as a percent of net sales 21.5 22.3 23.2 Long-lived asset impairment charges 9.1 NM NM Business realignment costs 2.0 3.5 18.5 (43.6) (80.9) Operating profit 2,260.8 2,043.7 1,782.7 10.6 14.6 Operating profit margin 21.7 22.8 21.9 Interest expense, net 137.6 127.4 149.4 8.0 (14.7) Other (income) expense, net 206.1 119.1 138.3 73.1 (13.9) Provision for income taxes 272.3 314.4 219.6 (13.4) 43.2 Effective income tax rate 14.2 17.5 14.7 Net income including noncontrolling interest 1,644.8 1,482.8 1,275.4 10.9 16.3 Less: Net gain (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interest 5.3 (3.3) NM NM Net income attributable to The Hershey Company 1,644.8 1,477.5 1,278.7 11.3 15.5 Net income per share diluted 7.96 7.11 6.11 12.0 16.4 Note: Percentage changes may not compute directly as shown due to rounding of amounts presented above. 
 NM = not meaningful 
 Net Sales 
 2022 compared with 2021 
 Net sales increased 16.1 in 2022 compared with 2021, reflecting a favorable price realization of 8.0 due to higher prices on certain products, a 4.3 benefit from net acquisitions and divestitures driven by the 2021 acquisitions of Lily s, Dot s and Pretzels and a volume increase of 4.0 due to an increase in consumer demand primarily in everyday core U.S. confection brands and salty snack brands. These increases were slightly offset by an unfavorable impact from foreign currency exchange rates of 0.2 . 
 2021 compared with 2020 
 Net sales increased 10.1 in 2021 compared with 2020, reflecting a volume increase of 5.6 due to an increase in everyday core U.S. confection brands and salty snack brands, a favorable price realization of 3.1 due to higher prices on certain products, a 1.0 benefit from net acquisitions and divestitures driven by the 2021 acquisitions of Lily s, Dot's and Pretzels and a favorable impact from foreign currency exchange rates of 0.4 . 
 Key U.S. Marketplace Metrics 
 For the full year 2022, our total U.S. retail takeaway increased 11.4 in the expanded multi-outlet combined plus convenience store channels (IRI MULO + C-Stores), which includes candy, mint, gum, salty snacks and grocery items. Our U.S. candy, mint and gum CMG consumer takeaway increased 10.7 , resulting in a CMG market share decline of approximately 54 basis points. 
 Table of Contents 
 The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 23 

The CMG consumer takeaway and market share information reflect measured channels of distribution accounting for approximately 90 of our U.S. confectionery retail business. These channels of distribution primarily include food, drug, mass merchandisers and convenience store channels, plus Wal-Mart Stores, Inc., partial dollar, club and military channels. These metrics are based on measured market scanned purchases as reported by Information Resources, Incorporated IRI ), the Company s market insights and analytics provider, and provide a means to assess our retail takeaway and market position relative to the overall category. 
 Cost of Sales and Gross Margin 
 2022 compared with 2021 
 Cost of sales increased 20.3 in 2022 compared with 2021. The increase was driven by higher sales volume, higher supply chain inflation costs, including higher logistics and labor costs and an incremental 40.8 million of unfavorable mark-to-market activity on our commodity derivative instruments intended to economically hedge future years commodity purchases. Additionally, the increase was partially offset by favorable price realization and supply chain productivity. 
 Gross margin decreased by 200 basis points in 2022 compared with 2021. The decrease was driven by unfavorable year-over-year mark-to-market impact from commodity derivative instruments, higher supply chain inflation costs, including higher logistics and labor costs, and unfavorable product mix. These declines were offset by favorable price realization and volume increases. 
 2021 compared with 2020 
 Cost of sales increased 10.7 in 2021 compared with 2020. The increase was driven by higher sales volume, higher freight and logistics costs and additional plant costs. These drivers were partially offset by the incremental 78.8 million of favorable mark-to-market activity on our commodity derivative instruments intended to economically hedge future years commodity purchases; however, our mark-to-market activity was significantly impacted by financial market volatility during March 2020 amid the COVID-19 outbreak. Additionally, the increase was partially offset by favorable price realization and supply chain productivity. 
 Gross margin decreased by 30 basis points in 2021 compared with 2020. The decrease was driven by higher freight and logistics costs and additional plant costs. These factors were partially offset by favorable price realization, supply chain productivity and the favorable year-over-year mark-to-market impact from commodity derivative instruments. 
 Selling, Marketing and Administrative 
 2022 compared with 2021 
 Selling, marketing and administrative SM A expenses increased 234.7 million, or 11.7 , in 2022 driven by increased corporate expenses. Total advertising and related consumer marketing expenses increased 2.7 driven by advertising increases in our confectionery brands and increased investment in our salty snacks portfolio, which were partially offset by cost efficiencies related to new media partners. SM A expenses, excluding advertising and related consumer marketing, increased approximately 16.3 in 2022 driven by an increase in acquisition and integration related costs, as well as higher compensation costs, investments in capabilities and technology and broad-based marketplace inflation. 
 2021 compared with 2020 
 SM A expenses increased 110.4 million, or 5.8 , in 2021 driven by increased corporate expenses. Total advertising and related consumer marketing expenses decreased 0.2 driven by lower advertising in our North America Confectionery segment. SM A expenses, excluding advertising and related consumer marketing, increased approximately 9.2 in 2021 driven by higher compensation costs and investments in capabilities and technology. 
 
 Table of Contents 
 The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 24 

Long-Lived Asset Impairment Charges 
 In 2022 and 2021, we recorded no impairments charges. In 2020, we recorded the following impairment charges: For the year ended December 31, 2020 In millions of dollars Adjustment to disposal group (1) 6.2 Other asset write-down (2) 2.9 Long-lived asset impairment charges 9.1 
 (1) In connection with our LSFC disposal group, which was previously classified as held for sale during 2020, we recorded impairment charges to adjust long-lived asset values. The fair value of the disposal group was supported by potential sales prices with third-party buyers. The sale of the LSFC joint venture was completed in January 2021. 
 (2) In connection with a previous sale, the Company wrote-down certain receivables deemed uncollectible. 
 The assessment of the valuation of goodwill and other long-lived assets is based on management estimates and assumptions, as discussed in our critical accounting policies included in Item 7 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. These estimates and assumptions are subject to change due to changing economic and competitive conditions. 
 Business Realignment Activities 
 We periodically undertake business realignment activities designed to increase our efficiency and focus our business in support of our key growth strategies. In 2022, 2021 and 2020 , we recorded business realignment costs of 2.0 million, 3.5 million and 18.5 million, respectively. The 2022, 2021, and 2020 costs related primarily to the International Optimization Program, a program focused on optimizing our China operating model to improve our operational efficiency and provide for a strong, sustainable and simplified base going forward. Costs associated with business realignment activities are classified in our Consolidated Statements of Income as described in Note 9 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Operating Profit and Operating Profit Margin 
 2022 compared with 2021 
 Operating profit increased 10.6 in 2022 compared with 2021 predominantly due to higher gross profit, partially offset by higher SM A expenses, as noted above. Operating profit margin decreased to 21.7 in 2022 from 22.8 in 2021 by the same factors noted above that resulted in lower gross margin for the period. 
 2021 compared with 2020 
 Operating profit increased 14.6 in 2021 compared with 2020 due primarily to higher gross profit, lower business realignment costs and lower impairment charges, partially offset by higher SM A in the 2021 period, as noted above. Operating profit margin increased to 22.8 in 2021 from 21.9 in 2020 driven by these same factors. 
 Interest Expense, Net 
 2022 compared with 2021 
 Net interest expense was 10.1 million higher in 2022 than in 2021. The increase was primarily due to higher rates on short-term debt balances in 2022 versus 2021, specifically related to outstanding commercial paper borrowings. The increase was partially offset due to lower average long-term debt balances, specifically resulting from the repayment of 84.7 million of 8.800 Debentures upon their maturity in February 2021 and 350 million of 3.100 Notes upon their maturity in May 2021. 
 2021 compared with 2020 
 Net interest expense was 22.0 million lower in 2021 than in 2020. The decrease was due to lower average long-term debt balances in 2021 versus 2020, specifically resulting from 435 million of long-term debt repayments with varying maturity dates during 2021. 
 Table of Contents 
 The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 25 

Other (Income) Expense, Net 
 2022 compared with 2021 
 Other (income) expense, net totaled an expense of 206.1 million in 2022 versus an expense of 119.1 million in 2021. The increase in the net expense was primarily due to higher write-downs on equity investments qualifying for tax credits in 2022 versus 2021 and higher non-service cost components of net periodic benefit cost relating to pension and other post-retirement benefit plans. 
 2021 compared with 2020 
 Other (income) expense, net totaled an expense of 119.1 million in 2021 versus an expense of 138.3 million in 2020. The decrease in the net expense was primarily due to lower write-downs on equity investments qualifying for historic and renewable energy tax credits, in addition to lower non-service cost components of net periodic benefit cost relating to pension and other post-retirement benefit plans during 2021 compared to the 2020 period. 
 Income Taxes and Effective Tax Rate 
 2022 compared with 2021 
 Our effective income tax rate was 14.2 for 2022 compared with 17.5 for 2021. Relative to the 21 statutory rate, the 2022 effective tax rate benefited from investment tax credits, partially offset by state taxes. The 2021 effective rate, relative to the 21 statutory rate, benefited from investment tax credits, partially offset by incremental tax reserves incurred as a result of an adverse ruling in connection with a non-U.S. tax litigation matter, as well as state taxes. 
 2021 compared with 2020 
 Our effective income tax rate was 17.5 for 2021 compared with 14.7 for 2020. Relative to the 21 statutory rate, the 2021 effective tax rate benefited from investment tax credits, partially offset by incremental tax reserves incurred as a result of an adverse ruling in connection with a non-U.S. tax litigation matter, as well as state taxes. The 2020 effective rate, relative to the 21 statutory rate, benefited from investment tax credits and the benefit of employee share-based payments, partially offset by state taxes. 
 
 Net Income Attributable to The Hershey Company and Earnings Per Share-diluted 
 2022 compared with 2021 
 Net income increased 167.3 million, or 11.3 , while EPS-diluted increased 0.85, or 12.0 , in 2022 compared with 2021. The increase in both net income and EPS-diluted was driven primarily by higher gross profit and lower income taxes, partially offset by higher SM A expenses and higher other income and expenses. Our 2022 EPS-diluted also benefited from lower weighted-average shares outstanding as a result of share repurchases pursuant to our Board-approved repurchase programs. 
 2021 compared with 2020 
 Net income increased 198.8 million, or 15.5 , while EPS-diluted increased 1.00, or 16.4 , in 2021 compared with 2020. The increase in both net income and EPS-diluted was driven primarily by higher gross profit, partially offset by higher SM A and higher income taxes in 2021. Our 2021 EPS-diluted also benefited from lower weighted-average shares outstanding as a result of share repurchases pursuant to our Board-approved repurchase programs. 
 Table of Contents 
 The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 26 

SEGMENT RESULTS 
 The summary that follows provides a discussion of the results of operations of our three segments: North America Confectionery, North America Salty Snacks and International. For segment reporting purposes, we use segment income to evaluate segment performance and allocate resources. Segment income excludes unallocated general corporate administrative expenses, unallocated mark-to-market gains and losses on commodity derivatives, business realignment and impairment charges, acquisition-related costs and other unusual gains or losses that are not part of our measurement of segment performance. These items of our operating income are largely managed centrally at the corporate level and are excluded from the measure of segment income reviewed by the Chief Operating Decision Maker and used for resource allocation and internal management reporting and performance evaluation. Segment income and segment income margin, which are presented in the segment discussion that follows, are non-GAAP measures and do not purport to be alternatives to operating income as a measure of operating performance. We believe that these measures are useful to investors and other users of our financial information in evaluating ongoing operating profitability as well as in evaluating operating performance in relation to our competitors, as they exclude the activities that are not directly attributable to our ongoing segment operations. 
 Our segment results, including a reconciliation to our consolidated results, were as follows: 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 In millions of dollars Net Sales: North America Confectionery 8,536.5 7,682.4 7,084.9 North America Salty Snacks 1,029.4 555.4 438.2 International 853.4 733.5 626.6 Total 10,419.3 8,971.3 8,149.7 Segment Income: North America Confectionery 2,811.1 2,475.9 2,274.6 North America Salty Snacks 159.9 100.7 75.8 International 107.9 74.2 Total segment income 3,078.9 2,650.8 2,350.4 Unallocated corporate expense (1) 735.5 614.9 520.7 Unallocated mark-to-market losses (gains) on commodity derivatives (2) 78.2 (24.4) 6.4 Long-lived asset impairment charges 9.1 Costs associated with business realignment activities 4.4 16.6 31.5 Operating profit 2,260.8 2,043.7 1,782.7 Interest expense, net 137.6 127.4 149.4 Other (income) expense, net 206.2 119.1 138.3 Income before income taxes 1,917.0 1,797.2 1,495.0 
 (1) Includes centrally-managed (a) corporate functional costs relating to legal, treasury, finance and human resources, (b) expenses associated with the oversight and administration of our global operations, including warehousing, distribution and manufacturing, information systems and global shared services, (c) non-cash stock-based compensation expense, (d) acquisition-related costs and (e) other gains or losses that are not integral to segment performance. 
 (2) Net losses (gains) on mark-to-market valuation of commodity derivative positions recognized in unallocated derivative losses (gains). See Note 13 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Table of Contents 
 The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 27 

North America Confectionery 
 The North America Confectionery segment is responsible for our chocolate and non-chocolate confectionery market position in the United States and Canada. This includes developing and growing our business in chocolate and non-chocolate confectionery, gum and refreshment products, protein bars, spreads, snack bites and mixes, as well as pantry and food service lines. While a less significant component, this segment also includes our retail operations, including Hershey s Chocolate World stores in Hershey, Pennsylvania; New York, New York; Las Vegas, Nevada; Niagara Falls (Ontario) and Singapore, as well as operations associated with licensing the use of certain trademarks and products to third parties around the world. North America Confectionery accounted for 81.9 , 85.6 and 86.9 of our net sales in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. North America Confectionery results for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 were as follows: Percent Change For the years ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 2022 vs 2021 2021 vs 2020 In millions of dollars Net sales 8,536.5 7,682.4 7,084.9 11.1 8.4 Segment income 2,811.1 2,475.9 2,274.6 13.5 8.8 Segment margin 32.9 32.2 32.1 
 2022 compared with 2021 
 Net sales of our North America Confectionery segment increased 854.1 million, or 11.1 , in 2022 compared to 2021, reflecting a favorable price realization of 8.1 due to higher prices on certain products, a volume increase of 2.8 due to an increase in everyday core U.S. confection brands, and a 0.4 benefit from the 2021 acquisition of Lily s. These increases were partially offset by an unfavorable impact from foreign currency exchange rates of 0.2 . 
 Our North America Confectionery segment also includes licensing and owned retail. This includes our Hershey s Chocolate World stores in the United States (3 locations), Niagara Falls (Ontario) and Singapore. Our net sales for licensing and owned retail increased approximately 12.7 during 2022 compared to 2021. 
 Our North America Confectionery segment income increased 335.2 million, or 13.5 , in 2022 compared to 2021, primarily due to favorable price realization and volume increases, partially offset by higher supply chain inflation costs, including higher logistics and labor costs, as well as, unfavorable product mix. 
 2021 compared with 2020 
 Net sales of our North America Confectionery segment increased 597.5 million, or 8.4 , in 2021 compared to 2020, reflecting a volume increase of 5.1 due to an increase in everyday core U.S. confection brands, a favorable price realization of 2.1 due to higher prices on certain products, a 0.9 benefit from the 2021 acquisition of Lily s and a favorable impact from foreign currency exchange rates of 0.3 . 
 Our North America Confectionery segment also includes licensing and owned retail. At the onset of the pandemic, all Hershey s Chocolate World stores were temporarily closed and subsequently re-opened in July 2020 with increased safety measures. This included the United States (3 locations), Niagara Falls (Ontario) and Singapore. As a result, our net sales increased approximately 37.4 during 2021 compared to 2020. 
 Our North America Confectionery segment income increased 201.3 million, or 8.8 , in 2021 compared to 2020, primarily due to favorable price realization and volume increases, partially offset by higher supply chain-related costs, higher freight and logistics costs, as well as unfavorable product mix. 

Table of Contents 
 The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 28 

North America Salty Snacks 
 The North America Salty Snacks segment is responsible for our grocery and snacks market positions, including our salty snacking products. North America Salty Snacks accounted for 9.9 , 6.2 and 5.4 of our net sales in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. North America Salty Snacks results for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 were as follows: 
 Percent Change For the years ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 2022 vs 2021 2021 vs 2020 In millions of dollars Net sales 1,029.4 555.4 438.2 85.3 26.7 Segment income 159.9 100.7 75.8 58.8 32.8 Segment margin 15.5 18.1 17.3 
 2022 compared with 2021 
 Net sales for our North America Salty Snacks segment increased 474 million, or 85.3 , in 2022 compared to 2021, reflecting a 64.0 benefit from the 2021 acquisitions of Dot s and Pretzels, a favorable price realization of 12.0 due to higher prices on certain products and a volume increase of 9.3 primarily related to SkinnyPop and Pirates Booty snacks. 
 Our North America Salty Snacks segment income increased 59.2 million, or 58.8 , in 2022 compared to 2021, primarily due to favorable price realization and volume increases, partially offset by higher supply chain inflation costs, including higher logistics and labor costs, as well as, unfavorable product mix. 
 2021 compared with 2020 
 Net sales for our North America Salty Snacks segment increased 117.2 million, or 26.7 , in 2021 compared to 2020, reflecting a volume increase of 16.9 , primarily related to SkinnyPop and Pirates Booty snacks, a favorable price realization of 5.7 due to higher prices on certain products and a 4.1 benefit from net acquisitions and divestitures driven by the 2021 acquisitions of Dot s and Pretzels. 
 Our North America Salty Snacks segment income increased 24.9 million, or 32.8 , in 2021 compared to 2020, primarily due to favorable price realization and volume increases, partially offset by higher supply chain-related costs, higher freight and logistics costs, as well as unfavorable product mix. 
 Table of Contents 
 The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 29 

International 
 The International segment includes all other countries where we currently manufacture, import, market, sell or distribute chocolate and non-chocolate confectionery and other products. We currently, have operations and manufacture product in Mexico, Brazil, India and Malaysia, primarily for consumers in these regions, and also distribute and sell confectionery products in export markets of Latin America, as well as Asia, Europe, the Middle East and Africa AEMEA and other regions. International accounted for 8.2 , 8.2 and 7.7 of our net sales in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. International results for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 were as follows: 
 Percent Change For the years ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 2022 vs 2021 2021 vs 2020 In millions of dollars Net sales 853.4 733.5 626.6 16.3 17.1 Segment income 107.9 74.2 45.4 NM Segment margin 12.6 10.1 
 NM = not meaningful 
 2022 compared with 2021 
 Net sales of our International segment increased 119.9 million, or 16.3 , in 2022 compared to 2021, reflecting a volume increase of 11.9 , a favorable price realization of 4.1 , and a favorable impact from foreign currency exchange rates of 0.3 . The volume increase was primarily attributed to solid marketplace growth in Brazil, Mexico and India, where net sales increased by 21.6 , 20.6 and 13.7 , respectively. Our International segment also includes world travel retail, where net sales increased approximately 28.6 . 
 Our International segment income increased 33.7 million in 2022 compared to 2021 primarily resulting from volume increases, favorable price realization, and the execution of our International Optimization Program in China, as we streamline and optimize our China operating model. 
 2021 compared with 2020 
 Net sales of our International segment increased 106.9 million, or 17.1 , in 2021 compared to 2020, reflecting a favorable price realization of 12.1 , a volume increase of 4.2 and a favorable impact from foreign currency exchange rates of 0.8 . The volume increase was primarily attributed to solid marketplace growth in Mexico, India, and Brazil, where net sales increased by 39.0 , 23.9 and 21.3 , respectively. Our International segment also includes world travel retail, where net sales increased approximately 27.1 . These increases also benefited from a favorable impact from foreign currency exchange rates of 1.0 . 
 Our International segment income increased 74.2 million in 2021 compared to 2020 with the improvement primarily resulting from execution of our International Optimization Program in China, as we streamline and optimize our China operating model, as well as volume increases and favorable price realization. 
 Table of Contents 
 The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 30 

Unallocated Corporate Expense 
 Unallocated corporate expense includes centrally-managed (a) corporate functional costs relating to legal, treasury, finance and human resources, (b) expenses associated with the oversight and administration of our global operations, including warehousing, distribution and manufacturing, information systems and global shared services, (c) non-cash stock-based compensation expense and (d) other gains or losses that are not integral to segment performance. 
 Unallocated corporate expense totaled 735.5 million in 2022 as compared to 614.9 million in 2021. The increase was primarily driven by an increase in acquisition and integration related costs, as well as higher compensation costs, investments in capabilities and technology and broad-based marketplace inflation. 
 Unallocated corporate expense totaled 614.9 million in 2021 as compared to 520.7 million in 2020 primarily driven by higher incentive compensation, higher group insurance costs from COVID-19-related delays in preventive care and incremental investments in capabilities and technology. 
 
 LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
 We assess our liquidity in terms of our ability to generate cash to fund our operating, investing and financing activities. Significant factors affecting liquidity include cash flows generated from operating activities, capital expenditures, acquisitions, dividends, repurchases of outstanding shares, the adequacy of available commercial paper and bank lines of credit, and the ability to attract long-term capital with satisfactory terms. We generate substantial amounts of cash from operations and remain in a strong financial position, with sufficient liquidity available for capital reinvestment, strategic acquisitions and the payment of dividends. 
 Cash Flow Summary 
 The following table is derived from our Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows: 
 In millions of dollars 2022 2021 2020 Net cash provided by (used in): Operating activities 2,327.8 2,082.9 1,699.6 Investing activities (787.4) (2,222.8) (531.3) Financing activities (1,415.7) (681.1) (499.2) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents 9.9 (5.1) (7.0) Less: Cash classified as assets held for sale 11.4 (11.4) Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 134.6 (814.7) 650.7 
 Operating activities 
 Our principal source of liquidity is cash flow from operations. Our net income and, consequently, our cash provided by operations are impacted by sales volume, seasonal sales patterns, timing of new product introductions, profit margins and price changes. Sales are typically higher during the third and fourth quarters of the year due to seasonal and holiday-related sales patterns. Generally, working capital needs peak during the summer months. We meet these needs primarily with cash on hand, bank borrowings or the issuance of commercial paper. 
 We generated cash of 2.3 billion from operating activities in 2022, an increase of 244.9 million compared to 2.1 billion in 2021. This increase in net cash provided by operating activities was mainly driven by the following factors: 
 In the aggregate, select net working capital items, specifically, trade accounts receivable, inventory, accounts payable and accrued liabilities, consumed cash of 9 million in 2022 and generated cash of 47 million in 2021. This 56 million fluctuation was mainly driven by a higher year-over-year build up of U.S. inventories to satisfy product requirements and maintain sufficient levels to accommodate customer requirements, partially offset by the timing of vendor and supplier payments. 
 Net income adjusted for non-cash charges to operations (including depreciation, amortization, stock-based compensation, deferred income taxes, write-down of equity investments and other charges) resulted in 348 million of higher cash flow in 2022 relative to 2021. 
 Table of Contents 
 The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 31 

We generated cash of 2.1 billion from operating activities in 2021, an increase of 383.3 million compared to 1.7 billion in 2020. This increase in net cash provided by operating activities was mainly driven by the following factors: 
 In the aggregate, select net working capital items, specifically, trade accounts receivable, inventory, accounts payable and accrued liabilities, generated cash of 47 million in 2021 and consumed cash of 166 million in 2020. This 213 million fluctuation was mainly driven by strong demand of U.S. inventories, specifically our everyday core U.S. confection brands and salty snack brands. 
 Net income adjusted for non-cash charges to operations (including depreciation, amortization, stock-based compensation, deferred income taxes, long-lived asset charges, write-down of equity investments and other charges) resulted in 185 million of higher cash flow in 2021 relative to 2020. 
 Pension and Post-Retirement Activity. We recorded net periodic benefit costs of 36.3 million, 28.4 million and 34.5 million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, relating to our benefit plans (including our defined benefit and other post retirement plans). The main drivers of fluctuations in expense from year to year are assumptions in formulating our long-term estimates, including discount rates used to value plan obligations, expected returns on plan assets, the service and interest costs and the amortization of actuarial gains and losses. 
 The funded status of our qualified defined benefit pension plans is dependent upon many factors, including returns on invested assets, the level of market interest rates and the level of funding. We contribute cash to our plans at our discretion, subject to applicable regulations and minimum contribution requirements. Cash contributions to our pension and post retirement plans totaled 78.5 million, 51.1 million and 11.7 million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Investing activities 
 Our principal uses of cash for investment purposes relate to purchases of property, plant and equipment and capitalized software, as well as acquisitions of businesses, partially offset by proceeds from sales of property, plant and equipment. We used cash of 787.4 million for investing activities in 2022 compared to 2.2 billion in 2021, with the decrease in cash spend driven by lower levels of acquisition activity, partially offset by higher capital spend and investment tax credits. We used cash of 531.3 million for investing activities in 2020, with the increase in 2021 in cash spend driven by higher levels acquisition activity. 
 Primary investing activities include the following: 
 Capital spending . Capital expenditures, including capitalized software, primarily to support our ERP system implementation, capacity expansion, innovation and cost savings, were 519.5 million in 2022, 495.9 million in 2021 and 441.6 million in 2020. For each of the years presented, our expenditures increased due to progress on capacity expansion projects and our ERP system implementation. We expect 2023 capital expenditures, including capitalized software, to approximate 800 million to 900 million. The increase in our 2023 capital expenditures is largely driven by our key strategic initiatives, including core confection capacity expansion and continued investments in a digital infrastructure including the build and upgrade of a new ERP system across the enterprise. We intend to use our existing cash and internally generated funds to meet our 2023 capital requirements. 
 Investments in partnerships qualifying for tax credits . We make investments in partnership entities that in turn make equity investments in projects eligible to receive federal historic and energy tax credits. We invested approximately 275.5 million in 2022, 128.4 million in 2021 and 87.2 million in 2020 in projects qualifying for tax credits. 
 Business acquisitions . In 2022 and 2020, we had no acquisition activity. In 2021, we spent an aggregate 1.6 billion to acquire Lily's (June 2021), as well as Dot s and Pretzels (December 2021). Further details regarding our business acquisition activity is provided in Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Other investing activities . In 2022, 2021, and 2020, our other investing activities were minimal. 
 Table of Contents 
 The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 32 

Financing activities 
 Our cash flow from financing activities generally relates to the use of cash for purchases of our Common Stock and payment of dividends, offset by net borrowing activity and proceeds from the exercise of stock options. Financing activities in 2022 used cash of 1.4 billion, compared to cash used of 681.1 million in 2021. We used cash of 499.2 million for financing activities in 2020. 
 The majority of our financing activity was attributed to the following: 
 Short-term borrowings, net. In addition to utilizing cash on hand, we use short-term borrowings (commercial paper and bank borrowings) to fund seasonal working capital requirements and ongoing business needs. In 2022, used cash of 245.6 million to reduce a portion of our short-term commercial paper borrowings originally used to fund our 2021 acquisitions of Dot s and Pretzels, partially offset by an increase in short-term foreign bank borrowings. In 2021, we generated cash flow of 869.0 million predominantly through the issuance of short-term commercial paper. In 2020, we generated cash flow of 41.8 million due to an increase in short-term foreign bank borrowings. 
 Long-term debt borrowings and repayments . In 2022, long-term debt activity was minimal. In February 2021 and May 2021, we repaid 84.7 million of 8.800 Debentures and 350 million of 3.100 Notes due upon their maturities, respectively. In May 2020, we issued 300 million of 0.900 Notes due in 2025, 350 million of 1.700 Notes due in 2030 and 350 million of 2.650 Notes due in 2050 (the 2020 Notes ). Proceeds from the issuance of the 2020 Notes, net of discounts and issuance costs, totaled 989.9 million. Additionally, in May 2020 and December 2020, we repaid 350 million of 2.900 Notes and 350 million of 4.125 Notes due upon their maturities, respectively. In 2023, we expect our long-term debt repayments to approximate 750 million upon the maturity of 250 million of 2.625 Notes and 500 million of 3.375 Notes, both due in May 2023. 
 Dividend payments . Total dividend payments to holders of our Common Stock and Class B Common Stock were 775.0 million in 2022, 686.0 million in 2021 and 640.7 million in 2020. Dividends per share of Common Stock increased 13.6 to 3.874 per share in 2022 compared to 3.410 per share in 2021, while dividends per share of Class B Common Stock increased 13.6 in 2022. Details regarding our 2022 cash dividends paid to stockholders are as follows: 
 Quarter Ended In millions of dollars except per share amounts April 3, 2022 July 3, 2022 October 2, 2022 December 31, 2022 Dividends paid per share Common stock 0.901 0.901 1.036 1.036 Dividends paid per share Class B common stock 0.819 0.819 0.942 0.942 Total cash dividends paid 181.1 179.9 207.0 207.0 Declaration date February 2, 2022 April 27, 2022 July 27, 2022 November 2, 2022 Record date February 18, 2022 May 20, 2022 August 19, 2022 November 18, 2022 Payment date March 15, 2022 June 15, 2022 September 15, 2022 December 15, 2022 
 
 Table of Contents 
 The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 33 

Share repurchases . We repurchase shares of Common Stock to offset the dilutive impact of treasury shares issued under our equity compensation plans. The value of these share repurchases in a given period varies based on the volume of stock options exercised and our market price. In addition, we periodically repurchase shares of Common Stock pursuant to Board-authorized programs intended to drive additional stockholder value. Details regarding our share repurchases are as follows: 
 In millions 2022 2021 2020 Milton Hershey School Trust repurchase (1) 203.4 Shares repurchased in the open market under pre-approved share repurchase programs (2) 150.0 150.0 Shares repurchased in the open market to replace Treasury Stock issued for stock options and incentive compensation 185.6 308.0 61.2 Cash used for total share repurchases 389.0 458.0 211.2 Total shares repurchased under pre-approved share repurchase programs 0.9 1.0 
 (1) In February 2022, the Company entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement with Hershey Trust Company, as trustee for the School Trust, pursuant to which the Company purchased 1,000,000 shares of the Company s Common Stock from the School Trust at a price equal to 203.35 per share, for a total purchase price of 203.4 million. 
 (2) In July 2018, our Board of Directors approved a 500 million share repurchase authorization. As of December 31, 2022, approximately 110 million remained available for repurchases of our Common Stock under this program. In May 2021, our Board of Directors approved an additional 500 million share repurchase authorization. This program is to commence after the existing 2018 authorization is completed and is to be utilized at management s discretion. These share repurchase programs do not have an expiration date. We expect 2023 share repurchases to be in line with our traditional buyback strategy. 
 Additionally, in February 2023, the Company entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement with Hershey Trust Company, as trustee for the School Trust, pursuant to which the Company purchased 1,000,000 shares of the Company s Common Stock from the School Trust at a price equal to 239.91 per share, for a total purchase price of 239.9 million. As a result of this repurchase, our July 2018 share repurchase authorization program was completed in February 2023, and approximately 370 million remains available for repurchases under our May 2021 share repurchase authorization. 
 Proceeds from the exercise of stock options, including tax benefits. In 2022 we received 34.2 million from employee exercises of stock options and paid 35.5 million of employee taxes withheld from share-based awards. We received 33.2 million and 25.5 million from employee exercises of stock options, net of employee taxes withheld from share-based awards in 2021 and 2020, respectively. Variances are driven primarily by the number of shares exercised and the share price at the date of grant. 

Table of Contents 
 The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 34 

Financial Condition 
 At December 31, 2022, our cash and cash equivalents totaled 463.9 million. At December 31, 2021, our cash and cash equivalents totaled 329.3 million. Our cash and cash equivalents at the end of 2022 increased 134.6 million compared to the 2021 year-end balance as a result of the net sources of cash outlined in the previous discussion. 
 Approximately 90 of the balance of our cash and cash equivalents at December 31, 2022 was held by subsidiaries domiciled outside of the United States. A majority of this balance is distributable to the United States without material tax implications, such as withholding tax. We intend to continue to reinvest the remainder of the earnings outside of the United States for which there would be a material tax implication to distributing for the foreseeable future and, therefore, have not recognized additional tax expense on these earnings. We believe that our existing sources of liquidity are adequate to meet anticipated funding needs at comparable risk-based interest rates for the foreseeable future. Acquisition spending and/or share repurchases could potentially increase our debt. Operating cash flow and access to capital markets are expected to satisfy our various short- and long-term cash flow requirements, including acquisitions and capital expenditures. 
 We maintain debt levels we consider prudent based on our cash flow, interest coverage ratio and percentage of debt to capital. We use debt financing to lower our overall cost of capital which increases our return on stockholders equity. Our total short- and long-term debt was 4.8 billion at December 31, 2022 and 5.0 billion at December 31, 2021. Our total debt decreased in 2022 mainly due the repayment of short-term commercial paper borrowings originally used to fund our 2021 acquisitions of Dot s and Pretzels. 
 As a source of short-term financing, we maintain a 1.5 billion unsecured revolving credit facility with the option to increase borrowings by an additional 500 million with the consent of the lenders. As of December 31, 2022, the termination date of this agreement is July 2, 2024, however, we may extend the termination date for up to two additional one-year periods upon notice to the administrative agent under the facility. We may use these funds for general corporate purposes, including commercial paper backstop and business acquisitions. As of December 31, 2022, we had 942 million of available capacity under the agreement. The unsecured revolving credit agreement contains certain financial and other covenants, customary representations, warranties and events of default. We were in compliance with all covenants as of December 31, 2022. 
 In addition to the revolving credit facility, we maintain lines of credit in various currencies with domestic and international commercial banks. As of December 31, 2022, we had available capacity of 178 million under these lines of credit. 
 Furthermore, we have a current shelf registration statement filed with the SEC that allows for the issuance of an indeterminate amount of debt securities. Proceeds from the debt issuances and any other offerings under the current registration statement may be used for general corporate requirements, including reducing existing borrowings, financing capital additions and funding contributions to our pension plans, future business acquisitions and working capital requirements. 
 Our ability to obtain debt financing at comparable risk-based interest rates is partly a function of our existing cash-flow-to-debt and debt-to-capitalization levels as well as our current credit rating. 
 We believe that our existing sources of liquidity are adequate to meet anticipated funding needs at comparable risk-based interest rates for the foreseeable future. Acquisition spending and/or share repurchases could potentially increase our debt. Operating cash flow and access to capital markets are expected to satisfy our various short- and long-term cash flow requirements, including acquisitions and capital expenditures. 
 
 Table of Contents 
 The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 35 

Equity Structure 
 We have two classes of stock outstanding Common Stock and Class B Stock. Holders of the Common Stock and the Class B Stock generally vote together without regard to class on matters submitted to stockholders, including the election of directors. Holders of the Common Stock have 1 vote per share. Holders of the Class B Stock have 10 votes per share. Holders of the Common Stock, voting separately as a class, are entitled to elect one-sixth of our Board. With respect to dividend rights, holders of the Common Stock are entitled to cash dividends 10 higher than those declared and paid on the Class B Stock. 
 Hershey Trust Company, as trustee for the trust established by Milton S. and Catherine S. Hershey that has as its sole beneficiary Milton Hershey School, maintains voting control over The Hershey Company. In addition, three representatives of Hershey Trust Company currently serve as members of the Company's Board. In performing their responsibilities on the Company s Board, these representatives may from time to time exercise influence with regard to the ongoing business decisions of our Board or management. Hershey Trust Company, as trustee for the Trust, in its role as controlling stockholder of the Company, has indicated it intends to retain its controlling interest in The Hershey Company. The Company s Board, and not the Hershey Trust Company board, is solely responsible and accountable for the Company s management and performance. 
 Pennsylvania law requires that the Office of Attorney General be provided advance notice of any transaction that would result in Hershey Trust Company, as trustee for the Trust, no longer having voting control of the Company. The law provides specific statutory authority for the Attorney General to intercede and petition the court having jurisdiction over Hershey Trust Company, as trustee for the Trust, to stop such a transaction if the Attorney General can prove that the transaction is unnecessary for the future economic viability of the Company and is inconsistent with investment and management considerations under fiduciary obligations. This legislation makes it more difficult for a third party to acquire a majority of our outstanding voting stock and thereby may delay or prevent a change in control of the Company. 
 Material Cash Requirements 
 The following table summarizes our future material cash requirements as of December 31, 2022: 
 Payments due by Period In millions of dollars Total Less than 1 year 1-3 years 3-5 years More than 5 years Short-term debt (primarily U.S. commercial paper) 693.8 693.8 Long-term notes (excluding finance lease obligations) 4,043.6 750.0 900.0 693.6 1,700.0 Interest expense (1) 1,080.8 99.0 164.3 120.2 697.3 Operating lease obligations (2) 419.7 41.4 66.3 47.4 264.6 Finance lease obligations (3) 171.4 8.3 13.0 8.1 142.0 Unconditional purchase obligations (4) 2,246.4 1,871.0 215.1 25.0 135.3 Total obligations 8,655.7 3,463.5 1,358.7 894.3 2,939.2 
 (1) Includes the net interest payments on fixed rate debt associated with long-term notes. 
 (2) Includes the minimum rental commitments (including imputed interest) under non-cancelable operating leases primarily for offices, retail stores, warehouses and distribution facilities. 
 (3) Includes the minimum rental commitments (including imputed interest) under non-cancelable finance leases primarily for offices and warehouse facilities, as well as vehicles. 
 (4) Purchase obligations consist primarily of fixed commitments for the purchase of raw materials to be utilized in the normal course of business. Amounts presented include fixed price forward contracts and unpriced contracts that were valued using market prices as of December 31, 2022. The amounts presented in the table do not include items already recorded in accounts payable or accrued liabilities at year-end 2022, nor does the table reflect cash flows we are likely to incur based on our plans, but are not obligated to incur. Such amounts are part of normal operations and are reflected in historical operating cash flow trends. We do not believe such purchase obligations will adversely affect our liquidity position. 
 
 Table of Contents 
 The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 36 

In entering into contractual obligations, we have assumed the risk that might arise from the possible inability of counterparties to meet the terms of their contracts. We mitigate this risk by performing financial assessments prior to contract execution, conducting periodic evaluations of counterparty performance and maintaining a diverse portfolio of qualified counterparties. Our risk is limited to replacing the contracts at prevailing market rates. We do not expect any significant losses resulting from counterparty defaults. 
 These obligations impact our liquidity and capital resource needs. To meet those cash requirements, we intend to use our existing cash and internally generated funds. To the extent necessary, we may also borrow under our existing unsecured revolving credit facility or under other short-term borrowings, and depending on market conditions and upon the significance of the cost of a particular Note maturity or acquisition to our then-available sources of funds, to obtain additional short- and long-term financing. We believe that cash provided from these sources will be adequate to meet our future short- and long-term cash requirements. 
 Asset Retirement Obligations 
 We have a number of facilities that contain varying amounts of asbestos in certain locations within the facilities. Our asbestos management program is compliant with current applicable regulations, which require that we handle or dispose of asbestos in a specified manner if such facilities undergo major renovations or are demolished. We do not have sufficient information to estimate the fair value of any asset retirement obligations related to these facilities. We cannot specify the settlement date or range of potential settlement dates and, therefore, sufficient information is not available to apply an expected present value technique. We expect to maintain the facilities with repairs and maintenance activities that would not involve or require the removal of significant quantities of asbestos. 
 Income Tax Obligations 
 Liabilities for unrecognized income tax benefits are excluded from the table above as we are unable to reasonably predict the ultimate amount or timing of a settlement of these potential liabilities. See Note 10 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for more information. 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 Information on recently adopted and issued accounting standards is included in Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Table of Contents 
 The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 37 

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES 
 The preparation of financial statements requires management to use judgment and make estimates and assumptions. We believe that our most critical accounting policies and estimates relate to the following: 
 
 Accrued Liabilities for Trade Promotion Activities 
 Pension and Other Post-Retirement Benefits Plans 
 Business Acquisitions, Valuation and Impairment of Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets 
 Income Taxes 
 
 Management has discussed the development, selection and disclosure of critical accounting policies and estimates with the Audit Committee of our Board. While we base estimates and assumptions on our knowledge of current events and actions we may undertake in the future, actual results may ultimately differ from these estimates and assumptions. Other significant accounting policies are outlined in Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Accrued Liabilities for Trade Promotion Activities 
 We promote our products with advertising, trade promotions and consumer incentives. These programs include, but are not limited to, discounts, coupons, rebates, in-store display incentives and volume-based incentives. We expense advertising costs and other direct marketing expenses as incurred. We recognize the costs of trade promotion and consumer incentive activities as a reduction to net sales along with a corresponding accrued liability based on estimates at the time of revenue recognition. These estimates are based on our analysis of the programs offered, historical trends, expectations regarding customer and consumer participation, sales and payment trends and our experience with payment patterns associated with similar programs offered in the past. The estimated costs of these programs are reasonably likely to change in future periods due to changes in trends with regard to customer and consumer participation, particularly for new programs and for programs related to the introduction of new products. Differences between estimated expense and actual program performance are recognized as a change in estimate in a subsequent period and are normally not significant. During 2022, 2021, and 2020, actual annual promotional costs have not deviated from the estimated amount by more than 3 . Our trade promotion and consumer incentive accrued liabilities totaled 215.7 million and 174.0 million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Pension and Other Post-Retirement Benefits Plans 
 We sponsor various defined benefit pension plans. The primary plans are The Hershey Company Retirement Plan and The Hershey Company Retirement Plan for Hourly Employees, which are cash balance plans that provide pension benefits for most U.S. employees hired prior to January 1, 2007. We also sponsor two primary other post-employment benefit OPEB plans, consisting of a health care plan and life insurance plan for retirees. The health care plan is contributory, with participants contributions adjusted annually, and the life insurance plan is non-contributory. 
 For accounting purposes, the defined benefit pension and OPEB plans require assumptions to estimate the projected and accumulated benefit obligations, including the following variables: discount rate; expected salary increases; certain employee-related factors, such as turnover, retirement age and mortality; expected return on assets; and health care cost trend rates. These and other assumptions affect the annual expense and obligations recognized for the underlying plans. Our assumptions reflect our historical experiences and management s best judgment regarding future expectations. Our related accounting policies, accounting balances and plan assumptions are discussed in Note 11 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Pension Plans 
 Changes in certain assumptions could significantly affect pension expense and benefit obligations, particularly the estimated long-term rate of return on plan assets and the discount rates used to calculate such obligations: 
 
 Long-term rate of return on plan assets . The expected long-term rate of return is evaluated on an annual basis. We consider a number of factors when setting assumptions with respect to the long-term rate of return, including current and expected asset allocation and historical and expected returns on the plan asset categories. Actual asset allocations are regularly reviewed and periodically rebalanced to the targeted allocations when considered appropriate. Investment gains or losses represent the difference between the expected return estimated using the 
 Table of Contents 
 The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 38 

long-term rate of return and the actual return realized. For 2022, we increased the expected return on plan assets assumption to 6.3 from the 4.9 assumption used during 2021. The historical average return (compounded annually) over the 20 years prior to December 31, 2022 was approximately 6.4 . 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, our primary plans had cumulative unrecognized investment and actuarial losses of approximately 213 million. W e amortize the unrecognized net actuarial gains and losses in excess of the corridor amount, which is the greater of 10 of a respective plan s projected benefit obligation or the fair market value of plan assets. These unrecognized net losses may increase future pension expense if not offset by (i) actual investment returns that exceed the expected long-term rate of investment returns, (ii) other factors, including reduced pension liabilities arising from higher discount rates used to calculate pension obligations or (iii) other actuarial gains when actual plan experience is favorable as compared to the assumed experience. A 100 basis point decrease or increase in the long-term rate of return on pension assets would correspondingly increase or decrease annual net periodic pension benefit expense by approximately 7 million. 
 
 Discount rate . We utilize a full yield curve approach in the estimation of service and interest costs by applying the specific spot rates along the yield curve used in the determination of the benefit obligation to the relevant projected cash flows. This approach provides a more precise measurement of service and interest costs by improving the correlation between the projected cash flows to the corresponding spot rates along the yield curve. This approach does not affect the measurement of our pension and other post-retirement benefit liabilities but generally results in lower benefit expense in periods when the yield curve is upward sloping. 
 A 100 basis point decrease (increase) in the weighted-average pension discount rate would increase (decrease) annual net periodic pension benefit expense by approximately 5 million and the December 31, 2022 pension liability would increase by approximately 57 million or decrease by approximately 50 million, respectively. 
 Pension expense for defined benefit pension plans is expected to be approximately 21 million in 2023. Pension expense beyond 2023 will depend on future investment performance, our contributions to the pension trusts, changes in discount rates and various other factors related to the covered employees in the plans. 
 Other Post-Employment Benefit Plans 
 Changes in significant assumptions could affect consolidated expense and benefit obligations, particularly the discount rates used to calculate such obligations: 
 Discount rate . The determination of the discount rate used to calculate the benefit obligati ons of the OPEB plans is discussed in the pension plans section above. A 100 basis point decrease (increase) in the discount rate assumption for these plans would not be material to the OPEB plans consolidated expense and the December 31, 2022 benefit liability would increase by approximately 13 million or decrease by approximately 12 million, respectively. 
 Business Acquisitions, Valuation and Imp airment of Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets 
 We use the acquisition method of accounting for business acquisitions. Under the acquisition method, the results of operations of the acquired business have been included in the consolidated financial statements since the respective dates of the acquisitions. The assets acquired and liabilities assumed are recorded at their respective estimated fair values at the date of the acquisition. Any excess of the purchase price over the estimated fair values of the identifiable net assets acquired is recorded as goodwill. Significant judgment is often required in estimating the fair value of assets acquired, particularly intangible assets. As a result, we normally obtain the assistance of a third-party valuation specialist in estimating fair values of tangible and intangible assets. The fair value estimates are based on available historical information and on expectations and assumptions about the future, considering the perspective of marketplace participants. While management believes those expectations and assumptions are reasonable, they are inherently uncertain. Unanticipated market or macroeconomic events and circumstances may occur, which could affect the accuracy or validity of the estimates and assumptions. 
 
 Goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets are not amortized, but instead, are evaluated for impairment annually or more often if indicators of a potential impairment are present. Our annual impairment tests are conducted at the beginning of the fourth quarter. 
 
 Table of Contents 
 The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 39 

We test goodwill for impairment by performing either a qualitative or quantitative assessment. If we choose to perform a qualitative assessment, we evaluate economic, industry and company-specific factors in assessing the fair value of the related reporting unit. If we determine that it is more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit is less than its carrying value, a quantitative test is then performed. Otherwise, no further testing is required. For those reporting units tested using a quantitative approach, we compare the fair value of each reporting unit with the carrying amount of the reporting unit, including goodwill. If the estimated fair value of the reporting unit is less than the carrying amount of the reporting unit, impairment is indicated, requiring recognition of a goodwill impairment charge for the differential (up to the carrying value of goodwill). We test individual indefinite-lived intangible assets by comparing the estimated fair values with the book values of each asset. 
 
 We determine the fair value of our reporting units and indefinite-lived intangible assets using an income approach. Under the income approach, we calculate the fair value of our reporting units and indefinite-lived intangible assets based on the present value of estimated future cash flows. Considerable management judgment is necessary to evaluate the impact of operating and macroeconomic changes and to estimate the future cash flows used to measure fair value. Our estimates of future cash flows consider past performance, current and anticipated market conditions and internal projections and operating plans which incorporate estimates for sales growth and profitability, and cash flows associated with taxes and capital spending. Additional assumptions include forecasted growth rates, estimated discount rates, which may be risk-adjusted for the operating market of the reporting unit, and estimated royalty rates that would be charged for comparable branded licenses. We believe such assumptions also reflect current and anticipated market conditions and are consistent with those that would be used by other marketplace participants for similar valuation purposes. Such assumptions are subject to change due to changing economic and competitive conditions. 
 
 We also have intangible assets, consisting primarily of certain trademarks, customer-related intangible assets and patents obtained through business acquisitions, that are expected to have determinable useful lives. The costs of finite-lived intangible assets are amortized to expense over their estimated lives. Our estimates of the useful lives of finite-lived intangible assets consider judgments regarding the future effects of obsolescence, demand, competition and other economic factors. We conduct impairment tests when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of these finite-lived assets may not be recoverable. Undiscounted cash flow analyses are used to determine if an impairment exists. If an impairment is determined to exist, the loss is calculated based on the estimated fair value of the assets. 
 
 Results of Impairment Tests 
 
 At December 31, 2022, the net book value of our goodwill totaled 2.6 billion. As it relates to our 2022 annual testing performed at the beginning of the fourth quarter, we tested all of our reporting units using a qualitative assessment and determined that no quantitative testing was deemed necessary. Based on our testing, all of our reporting units had an excess fair value well over the their respective carrying values. There were no other events or circumstances that would indicate that impairment may exist. We had no goodwill impairment charges in 2022, 2021 or 2020. 
 
 Income Taxes 
 We base our deferred income taxes, accrued income taxes and provision for income taxes upon income, statutory tax rates, the legal structure of our Company, interpretation of tax laws and tax planning opportunities available to us in the various jurisdictions in which we operate. We file income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction and various state and foreign jurisdictions. We are regularly audited by federal, state and foreign tax authorities; a number of years may elapse before an uncertain tax position, for which we have unrecognized tax benefits, is audited and finally resolved. From time to time, these audits result in assessments of additional tax. We maintain reserves for such assessments. 
 We apply a more-likely-than-not threshold to the recognition and derecognition of uncertain tax positions. Accordingly, we recognize the amount of tax benefit that has a greater than 50 likelihood of being ultimately realized upon settlement. Future changes in judgments and estimates related to the expected ultimate resolution of uncertain tax positions will affect income in the quarter of such change. While it is often difficult to predict the final outcome or the timing of resolution of any particular uncertain tax position, we believe that our unrecognized tax benefits reflect the most likely outcome. Accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits are included in income tax expense. We adjust these unrecognized tax benefits, as well as the related interest, in light of 
 Table of Contents 
 The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 40 

changing facts and circumstances, such as receiving audit assessments or clearing of an item for which a reserve has been established. Settlement of any particular position could require the use of cash. Favorable resolution would be recognized as a reduction to our effective income tax rate in the period of resolution. 
 We believe it is more likely than not that the results of future operations will generate sufficient taxable income to realize the deferred tax assets, net of valuation allowances. Our valuation allowances are primarily related to U.S. capital loss carryforwards and various foreign jurisdictions net operating loss carryforwards and other deferred tax assets for which we do not expect to realize a benefit. Refer to Note 10 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion of our deferred tax assets and liabilities. 
 
 Item 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 We use certain derivative instruments to manage our interest rate, foreign currency exchange rate and commodity price risks. We monitor and manage these exposures as part of our overall risk management program. 
 We enter into interest rate swap agreements and foreign currency forward exchange contracts for periods consistent with related underlying exposures. We enter into commodities futures and options contracts and other derivative instruments for varying periods. These commodity derivative instruments are intended to be, and are effective as, economic hedges of market price risks associated with anticipated raw material purchases, energy requirements and transportation costs. We do not hold or issue derivative instruments for trading purposes and are not a party to any instruments with leverage or prepayment features. 
 In entering into these contracts, we have assumed the risk that might arise from the possible inability of counterparties to meet the terms of their contracts. We mitigate this risk by entering into exchange-traded contracts with collateral posting requirements and/or by performing financial assessments prior to contract execution, conducting periodic evaluations of counterparty performance and maintaining a diverse portfolio of qualified counterparties. We do not expect any significant losses from counterparty defaults. 
 Refer to Note 1 and Note 5 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion of these derivative instruments and our hedging policies. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 In December 2020, our fixed-to-floating interest rate swap matured in connection with the repayment of certain long-term debt upon its maturity. Therefore, as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, we had no interest rate swap derivative instruments in a fair value hedging relationship. Prior to maturing in December 2020, the total notional amount of interest rate swaps was 350 million. The notional amount relates to fixed-to-floating interest rate swaps which convert a comparable amount of fixed-rate debt to variable rate debt. A hypothetical 100 basis point increase in interest rates applied to this variable-rate debt through its December 2020 maturity would have increased interest expense by approximately 3.2 million for 2020. 
 In addition, the total amount of short-term debt, net of cash, amounted to net debt of 230 million and net debt of 610 million, respectively, at December 31, 2022 and 2021. A hypothetical 100 basis point increase in interest rates applied to this variable-rate short-term debt as of December 31, 2022 would have changed interest expense by approximately 4.5 million for 2022 and 2.4 million for 2021. 
 We consider our current risk related to market fluctuations in interest rates on our remaining debt portfolio, excluding fixed-rate debt converted to variable rates with fixed-to-floating instruments, to be minimal since this debt is largely long-term and fixed-rate in nature. Generally, the fair market value of fixed-rate debt will increase as interest rates fall and decrease as interest rates rise. A 100 basis point increase in market interest rates would decrease the fair value of our fixed-rate long-term debt at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 by approximately 187 million and 319 million, respectively. However, since we currently have no plans to repurchase our outstanding fixed-rate instruments before their maturities, the impact of market interest rate fluctuations on our long-term debt does not affect our results of operations or financial position. 
 Table of Contents 
 The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 41 

Foreign Currency Exchange Rate Risk 
 We are exposed to currency fluctuations related to manufacturing or selling products in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. We may enter into foreign currency forward exchange contracts to reduce fluctuations in our long or short currency positions relating primarily to purchase commitments or forecasted purchases for equipment, raw materials and finished goods denominated in foreign currencies. We also may hedge payment of forecasted intercompany transactions with our subsidiaries outside of the United States. We generally hedge foreign currency price risks for periods from 3 to 12 months. 
 A summary of foreign currency forward exchange contracts and the corresponding amounts at contracted forward rates is as follows: 
 December 31, 2022 2021 Contract Amount Primary Currencies Contract Amount Primary Currencies In millions of dollars 
 Foreign currency forward exchange contracts to purchase foreign currencies 58.3 Euros Malaysian ringgit 53.1 Euros Malaysian ringgit British pound Foreign currency forward exchange contracts to sell foreign currencies 119.6 Canadian dollars Brazilian reals Japanese yen Mexican Pesos 144.7 Canadian dollars Brazilian reals Japanese yen 
 The fair value of foreign currency forward exchange contracts represents the difference between the contracted and current market foreign currency exchange rates at the end of the period. We estimate the fair value of foreign currency forward exchange contracts on a quarterly basis by obtaining market quotes of spot and forward rates for contracts with similar terms, adjusted where necessary for maturity differences. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the net fair value of these instruments was an asset of 3.9 million and an asset of 2.8 million, respectively. In addition, assuming an unfavorable 10 change in year-end foreign currency exchange rates, the fair value of these instruments would have declined by 18.4 million and 24.8 million, respectively, generally offset by a reduction in foreign exchange associated with our transactional activities. 
 
 Commodities Price Risk Management and Futures Contracts 
 Our most significant raw material requirements include cocoa products, sugar, corn products, dairy products, wheat, peanuts and almonds. The cost of cocoa products and prices for related futures contracts and costs for certain other raw materials historically have been subject to wide fluctuations attributable to a variety of factors. These factors include: 
 
 Commodity market fluctuations; 
 Currency exchanges rates; 
 Imbalances between supply and demand; 
 Rising levels of inflation and interest rates related to domestic and global economic conditions or supply chain issues; 
 The effects of climate change and extreme weather on crop yield and quality; 
 Speculative influences; 
 Trade agreements among producing and consuming nations; 
 Supplier compliance with commitments; 
 Import/export requirements for raw materials and finished goods; 
 Political unrest in producing countries; 
 Introduction of living income premiums or similar requirements; 
 Changes in governmental agricultural programs and energy policies; and 
 Other events beyond our control such as the impacts on the business or supply chain arising from the conflict between Russia and Ukraine. 
 Table of Contents 
 The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 42 

We use futures and options contracts and other commodity derivative instruments in combination with forward purchasing of cocoa products, sugar, corn products, certain dairy products, wheat products, natural gas and diesel fuel primarily to mitigate price volatility and provide visibility to future costs within our supply chain. Currently, active futures contracts are not available for use in pricing our other major raw material requirements, primarily peanuts and almonds. We attempt to minimize the effect of future raw material and energy price fluctuations by using derivatives and forward purchasing to cover future manufacturing requirements generally for 3 to 24 months. However, dairy futures liquidity is not as developed as many of the other commodity futures markets and, therefore, it can be difficult to hedge dairy costs for extended periods of time. We use diesel fuel futures to minimize price fluctuations associated with our transportation costs. Our commodity procurement practices are intended to mitigate price volatility and provide visibility to future costs, but also may potentially limit our ability to benefit from possible price decreases. Our costs for major raw materials will not necessarily reflect market price fluctuations because of our forward purchasing and hedging practices. 
 Cocoa Products 
 During 2022, average cocoa futures contract prices decreased 0.9 compared with 2021 and continued to trade in a narrow range between 1.06 and 1.22 per pound, based on the Intercontinental Exchange futures contract. Production was down significantly in Ghana by nearly 30 , while it was stable in the rest of West Africa. As consumption remained strong, the large surplus in the 2020 - 2021 season became a small deficit in the 2022 season. The global surplus of the 2020 - 2021 season weighed on the price outlook for the first half of 2022 and the futures market corrected to accommodate the Living Income Differential being imposed by the Ghana and Ivory Coast cocoa marketing boards, leading to fairly similar price levels to the previous year. The table below shows annual average cocoa futures prices and the highest and lowest monthly averages for each of the calendar years indicated. The prices reflect the monthly averages of the quotations at noon of the three active futures trading contracts closest to maturity on the Intercontinental Exchange. 
 Cocoa Futures Contract Prices (dollars per pound) 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 Annual Average 1.13 1.14 1.11 1.03 1.06 High 1.22 1.27 1.29 1.14 1.23 Low 1.06 1.04 1.00 0.90 0.88 
 Source: International Cocoa Organization Quarterly Bulletin of Cocoa Statistics 
 Our costs for cocoa products will not necessarily reflect market price fluctuations because of our forward purchasing and hedging practices, premiums and discounts reflective of varying delivery times, and supply and demand for our specific varieties and grades of cocoa liquor, cocoa butter and cocoa powder. As a result, the average futures contract prices are not necessarily indicative of our average costs. 
 Sugar 
 The price of sugar is subject to price supports under U.S. farm legislation. Such legislation establishes import quotas and duties to support the price of sugar. As a result, sugar prices paid by users in the U.S. are currently higher than prices on the world sugar market. The U.S. delivered east coast refined sugar prices traded in a range from 0.53 to 0.71 per pound during 2022. Prices were historically high throughout 2022 due to lack of imports by the U.S. government resulting in an extremely tight domestic raw sugar market and strong demand which resulted in a scarcity market for much of the year. 
 Corn Products 
 We use corn futures to price our corn sweetener product requirements. The conflict between Russia and Ukraine caused a tightness for global grain stocks in 2022. Corn prices traded in a range from 5.62 to 8.25 per bushel during 2022. Corn sweetener prices were also higher as strong demand resulted in a scarcity market during the year. 
 
 Table of Contents 
 The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 43 

Dairy Products 
 During 2022 prices for fluid dairy milk ranged from a low of 0.23 per pound to a high of 0.26 per pound, on a Class IV milk basis. Fluid dairy milk prices were higher than 2021, driven by declines in U.S. milk production and higher global dairy demand. 
 Wheat Products 
 In 2022 we continued utilizing soft and hard wheat futures as a risk management tool for our flour purchasing. The conflict between Russia and Ukraine, in addition to poor U.S. weather, resulted in uncertainty in the wheat market and impacted global availability of supplies. Wheat stock levels were at historic 15-year lows and prices reached historic highs in 2022. Hard wheat prices traded in the range of 7.72 to 13.21 per bushel during 2022, while soft wheat prices traded in the range of 7.40 to 12.29 per bushel during 2022. 
 Peanuts and Almonds 
 Peanut prices in the U.S. ranged from a low of 0.55 per pound to a high of 0.64 per pound during 2022. Prices rose this year due to higher competing crop prices and a smaller peanut crop. Almond prices traded in the range of 2.00 per pound to 2.25 per pound during 2022. Prices were lower than 2021 as a result of large crop and high inventory levels. 
 Changes in the Value of Futures Contracts 
 We make or receive cash transfers to or from commodity futures brokers on a daily basis reflecting changes in the value of futures contracts on the Intercontinental Exchange or various other exchanges. These changes in value represent unrealized gains and losses. The cash transfers offset higher or lower cash requirements for the payment of future invoice prices of raw materials, energy requirements and transportation costs. 
 Commodity Sensitivity Analysis 
 Our open commodity derivative contracts had a notional value of 243.0 million as of December 31, 2022 and 313.2 million as of December 31, 2021. At the end of 2022, the potential change in fair value of commodity derivative instruments, assuming a 10 decrease in the underlying commodity price, would have increased our net unrealized losses in 2022 by 25.1 million, generally offset by a reduction in the cost of the underlying commodity purchases. 
 Table of Contents 
 The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 44 

Item 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 
 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 46 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 48 
 Consolidated Statements of Income for the years ended December 31, 202 2 , 202 1 and 20 20 
 50 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 202 2 , 202 1 and 20 20 
 51 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 202 2 and 202 1 
 52 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 202 2 , 202 1 and 20 2 0 
 53 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 20 2 2 , 202 1 and 20 20 
 54 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 55 
 Note 1 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
 55 
 Note 2 - Business Acquisitions and Divestitures 
 60 
 Note 3 - Goodwill and Intangible Assets 
 64 
 Note 4 - Short and Long-Term Debt 
 64 
 Note 5 - Derivative Instruments 
 66 
 Note 6 - Fair Value Measurements 
 68 
 Note 7 - Leases 
 70 
 Note 8 - Investments in Unconsolidated Affiliates 
 72 
 Note 9 - Business Realignment Activities 
 72 
 Note 10 - Income Taxes 
 74 
 Note 11 - Pension and Other Post-Retirement Benefit Plans 
 77 
 Note 12 - Stock Compensation Plans 
 83 
 Note 13 - Segment Information 
 86 
 Note 14 - Equity and Treasury Stock Activity 
 88 
 Note 15 - Commitments and Contingencies 
 90 
 Note 16 - Earnings Per Share 
 91 
 Note 17 - Other (Income) Expense, Net 
 93 
 Note 1 8 - Related Party Transactions 
 99 
 Note 1 9 - Supplemental Balance Sheet Information 
 94 

Table of Contents 
 The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 45 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of The Hershey Company 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of The Hershey Company (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, cash flows, and stockholders' equity for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and financial statement schedule listed in the Index at Item 15(a)(2) (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework), and our report dated February 17, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 Table of Contents 
 The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 46 

Valuation of Accrued Liabilities for Trade Promotion Activities Description of the Matter The unsettled portion of the Company s obligation for trade promotion activities at December 31, 2022 was 215.7 million. As discussed in Note 1 of the consolidated financial statements, the Company promotes its products through programs such as, but not limited to, discounts, coupons, rebates, in-store display incentives, and volume-based incentives. The Company recognizes the estimated costs of these trade promotion activities as a component of variable consideration when determining the transaction price. The unsettled portion of the Company s obligation for trade promotion activities is included in accrued liabilities in the consolidated balance sheet. 
 
 Auditing management s calculation of the unsettled portion of the Company s obligation for trade promotion activities was highly subjective and required significant judgment as a result of the nature of the required estimates and assumptions. In particular, the estimates required an analysis of the programs offered, expectations regarding customer and consumer participation, historical sales and payment trends, and experience with payment patterns associated with similar programs offered in the past. The estimated cost of these programs is sensitive to changes in trends with regard to customer and consumer participation, particularly for new programs and for programs related to the introduction of new products. 
 How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design, and tested the operating effectiveness of the controls related to the Company s calculation of the accrued liabilities for trade promotion activities. For example, we tested controls over management s review of the completeness of the promotional activities as well as the significant assumptions and the data inputs utilized in the calculations. 
 
 To test the unsettled portion of the Company s obligation for trade promotion activities, we performed audit procedures that included, among others, assessing (1) the expected value estimation methodology used by management, (2) whether all material trade promotion activities were properly included in management s estimate, and (3) the significant assumptions discussed above and the underlying data used in its analyses. Specifically, when evaluating the significant assumptions, we compared them to historical trends, third party data, and assumptions used in prior periods, and inspected management s retrospective review of actual trade promotion activities compared to previous estimates. We also performed sensitivity analyses of significant assumptions to evaluate the changes in the estimate that would result from changes in the assumptions. 
 
 /s/ 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2016. 
 February 17, 2023 . 
 
 Table of Contents 
 The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 47 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of The Hershey Company 
 
 Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited The Hershey Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, The Hershey Company (the Company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the COSO criteria. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, cash flows, and stockholders' equity for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and financial statement schedule listed in the Index at Item 15(a)(2) and our report dated February 17, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 
 Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Table of Contents 
 The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 48 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 /s/ 
 
 February 17, 2023 
 
 Table of Contents 
 The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 49 

THE HERSHEY COMPANY 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 
 (in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net sales Cost of sales Gross profit Selling, marketing and administrative expense Long-lived asset impairment charges Business realignment costs Operating profit 
 Interest expense, net Other (income) expense, net Income before income taxes Provision for income taxes Net income including noncontrolling interest Less: Net gain (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interest ) Net income attributable to The Hershey Company 
 Net income per share basic: Common stock Class B common stock Net income per share diluted: Common stock Class B common stock Dividends paid per share: Common stock Class B common stock 
 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Table of Contents 
 The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 50 

THE HERSHEY COMPANY 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 (in thousands) 
 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Pre-Tax Amount Tax (Expense) Benefit After-Tax Amount Pre-Tax Amount Tax (Expense) Benefit After-Tax Amount Pre-Tax Amount Tax (Expense) Benefit After-Tax Amount Net income including noncontrolling interest Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax: Foreign currency translation adjustments: Foreign currency translation losses during period ) ) ) ) ) ) Reclassification to earnings due to the sale of businesses Pension and post-retirement benefit plans: Net actuarial (loss) gain ) ) ) ) ) Reclassification to earnings ) ) ) Cash flow hedges: Gains (losses) on cash flow hedging derivatives ) ) ) ) ) Reclassification to earnings ) ) ) Total other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Total comprehensive income including noncontrolling interest Comprehensive gain (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interest ) Comprehensive income attributable to The Hershey Company 
 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Table of Contents 
 The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 51 

THE HERSHEY COMPANY 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (in thousands, except share data) 
 December 31, 2022 2021 ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable trade, net Inventories Prepaid expenses and other Total current assets Property, plant and equipment, net Goodwill Other intangibles Other non-current assets Deferred income taxes Total assets LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued liabilities Accrued income taxes Short-term debt Current portion of long-term debt Total current liabilities Long-term debt Other long-term liabilities Deferred income taxes Total liabilities Stockholders equity: The Hershey Company stockholders equity Preferred stock, shares issued: in 2022 and 2021 
 Common stock, shares issued: in 2022 and in 2021 
 Class B common stock, shares issued: in 2022 and in 2021 
 Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Treasury common stock shares, at cost: in 2022 and in 2021 
 ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity 
 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Table of Contents 
 The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 52 

THE HERSHEY COMPANY 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (in thousands) 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Operating Activities Net income including noncontrolling interest Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Stock-based compensation expense Deferred income taxes Impairment of long-lived assets (see Note 6 
 Write-down of equity investments Other Changes in assets and liabilities, net of business acquisitions and divestitures: Accounts receivable trade, net ) ) ) Inventories ) ) Prepaid expenses and other current assets ) Accounts payable and accrued liabilities Accrued income taxes ) ) Contributions to pension and other benefit plans ) ) ) Other assets and liabilities ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities Investing Activities Capital additions (including software) ) ) ) Equity investments in tax credit qualifying partnerships ) ) ) Business acquisitions, net of cash and cash equivalents acquired ) Other investing activities ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) Financing Activities Net (decrease) increase in short-term debt ) Long-term borrowings, net of debt issuance costs Repayment of long-term debt and finance leases ) ) ) Cash dividends paid ) ) ) Repurchase of common stock ) ) ) Exercise of stock options Taxes withheld and paid on employee stock awards ) ) ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents ) ) Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents, including cash classified as held for sale ) Less: Decrease (increase) in cash and cash equivalents classified as held for sale ) Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents ) Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents, end of period Supplemental Disclosure Interest paid Income taxes paid 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Table of Contents 
 The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 53 

THE HERSHEY COMPANY 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 (in thousands) 

Preferred Stock Common Stock Class B Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Retained Earnings Treasury Common Stock Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Noncontrolling Interests in Subsidiaries Total Stockholders Equity Balance, January 1, 2020 
 ) ) Net income (loss) ) Other comprehensive (loss) income ) ) Dividends (including dividend equivalents): Common Stock, per share 
 ) ) Class B Common Stock, per share 
 ) ) Stock-based compensation Exercise of stock options and incentive-based transactions ) Repurchase of common stock ) ) Balance, December 31, 2020 
 ) ) Net income Other comprehensive income Dividends (including dividend equivalents): Common Stock, per share 
 ) ) Class B Common Stock, per share 
 ) ) Stock-based compensation Exercise of stock options and incentive-based transactions Repurchase of common stock ) ) Divestiture of noncontrolling interest ) ) Distributions to joint venture partner ) ) Other ) ) Balance, December 31, 2021 
 ) ) Net income Other comprehensive loss ) ) Dividends (including dividend equivalents): Common Stock, per share 
 ) ) Class B Common Stock, per share 
 ) ) Conversion of Class B Common Stock into Common Stock ) Stock-based compensation Exercise of stock options and incentive-based transactions ) ) Repurchase of common stock ) ) Balance, December 31, 2022 
 ) ) 
 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Table of Contents 
 The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 54 

THE HERSHEY COMPANY 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (amounts in thousands, except share data or if otherwise indicated) 

1. 
 brands worldwide including such iconic brand names as Hershey s, Reese s, Kisses, Jolly Rancher and Ice Breakers, which are marketed, sold and distributed in approximately countries worldwide. Hershey s structure is designed to ensure continued focus on North America, coupled with an emphasis on profitable growth in our focus international markets. The Company currently operates through segments that are aligned with its management structure and the key markets it serves: (i) North America Confectionery, (ii) North America Salty Snacks and (iii) International. For additional information on our segment presentation, see Note 13 . 
 Basis of Presentation 
 Our consolidated financial statements include the accounts of The Hershey Company and its majority-owned or controlled subsidiaries. Intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated. We have a controlling financial interest if we own a majority of the outstanding voting common stock and minority shareholders do not have substantive participating rights, we have significant control through contractual or economic interests in which we are the primary beneficiary or we have the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact the entity's economic performance. We use the equity method of accounting when we have a 20 to 50 interest in other companies and exercise significant influence. In addition, we use the equity method of accounting for our investments in partnership entities which make equity investments in projects eligible to receive federal historic and energy tax credits. See Note 10 for additional information on our equity investments in partnership entities qualifying for tax credits. Other investments that are not controlled, and over which we do not have the ability to exercise significant influence, are accounted for under the cost method. Both equity and cost method investments are included as Other non-current assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. For additional information on our investments in unconsolidated affiliates, see Note 8 . 
 
 Table of Contents 
 The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 55 

THE HERSHEY COMPANY 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (amounts in thousands, except share data or if otherwise indicated) 

 . The Company s unsettled portion remaining in accrued liabilities at year-end for these activities was and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 We also recognize a minor amount of royalty income (less than 1 of our consolidated net sales) from sales-based licensing arrangements, pursuant to which revenue is recognized as the third-party licensee sales occur. Shipping and handling costs incurred to deliver product to the customer are recorded within cost of sales. Sales, value add and other taxes we collect concurrent with revenue producing activities are excluded from revenue. 
 The majority of our products are confectionery or confectionery-based and, therefore, exhibit similar economic characteristics, as they are based on similar ingredients and are marketed and sold through the same channels to the same customers. In connection with our recent acquisitions, we have expanded our portfolio of salty snacking products, which also exhibit similar economic characteristics to our confectionery products and are sold through the same channels to the same customers. See Note 13 for revenues reported by geographic segment, which is consistent with how we organize and manage our operations, as well as product line net sales information. 
 , and , respectively, of our consolidated net sales were made to McLane Company, Inc., one of the largest wholesale distributors in the United States to convenience stores, drug stores, wholesale clubs and mass merchandisers and the primary distributor of our products to Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. 

in 2022, in 2021 and in 2020. Advertising expense is also charged to expense as incurred and totaled in 2022, in 2021 and in 2020. Prepaid advertising expense was as of December 31, 2022. There was prepaid advertising expense as of December 31, 2021. 
 
 of our total accounts receivable. No other customer accounted for more than 10 of our year-end accounts receivable. We believe that we have little concentration of credit risk associated with the remainder of our customer base. Accounts receivable-trade in the Consolidated Balance Sheets is presented net of allowances for bad debts and anticipated discounts of and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Table of Contents 
 The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 56 

THE HERSHEY COMPANY 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (amounts in thousands, except share data or if otherwise indicated) 

of our inventories, representing the majority of our United States U.S. inventories, were valued under the last-in, first-out LIFO method. The remainder of our inventories in the U.S. and inventories for our international businesses were valued at the lower of first-in, first-out FIFO ), average cost or net realizable value. LIFO cost of inventories valued using the LIFO method was as of December 31, 2022 and as of December 31, 2021. The adjustment to LIFO, as shown in Note 1 9 
 to years for machinery and equipment; and to years for buildings and related improvements. At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, property, plant and equipment included assets under finance lease arrangements with net book values totaling and , respectively. Total depreciation expense for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was , and , respectively, and included depreciation on assets recorded under finance lease arrangements. Maintenance and repairs are expensed as incurred. We capitalize applicable interest charges incurred during the construction of new facilities and production lines and amortize these costs over the assets estimated useful lives. 
 We review long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of such assets may not be recoverable. We measure the recoverability of assets to be held and used by a comparison of the carrying amount of long-lived assets to future undiscounted net cash flows expected to be generated. If these assets are considered to be impaired, we measure impairment as the amount by which the carrying amount of the assets exceeds the fair value of the assets. We report assets held for sale or disposal at the lower of the carrying amount or fair value less cost to sell. 
 
 and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. We amortize software costs using the straight-line method over the expected life of the software, generally to years. Accumulated amortization of capitalized software was and as of 2022 and 2021, respectively. Such amounts are recorded within other assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 Table of Contents 
 The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 57 

THE HERSHEY COMPANY 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (amounts in thousands, except share data or if otherwise indicated) 

 years , which is primarily driven by recently acquired trademarks. If certain events or changes in operating conditions indicate that the carrying value of these assets, or related asset groups, may not be recoverable, we perform an impairment assessment and may adjust the remaining useful lives. See Note 3 for additional information regarding the results of impairment tests. 
 and of outstanding payment obligations, respectively, that were sold to the financial institution under the Company s supplier finance program. 

Table of Contents 
 The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 58 

THE HERSHEY COMPANY 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (amounts in thousands, except share data or if otherwise indicated) 

Table of Contents 
 The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 59 

THE HERSHEY COMPANY 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (amounts in thousands, except share data or if otherwise indicated) 

Table of Contents 
 The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 60 

THE HERSHEY COMPANY 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (amounts in thousands, except share data or if otherwise indicated) 

 2. 
 and consisted of cash on hand and short-term borrowings. Acquisition-related costs for the Pretzels acquisition were immaterial. 
 The acquisition has been accounted for as a business combination and, accordingly, Pretzels has been included within the North America Salty Snacks segment from the date of acquisition. 
 Other intangible assets Current assets acquired Property, plant and equipment, net Other non-current assets, primarily operating lease ROU assets Deferred income taxes Current liabilities acquired ) Other long-term liabilities, primarily operating lease liabilities ) Net assets acquired 
 The purchase price allocation presented above has been finalized as of the third quarter of 2022 and includes an immaterial amount of measurement period adjustments. The measurement period adjustments to the initial allocation were based on more detailed information obtained about the specific assets acquired and liabilities assumed, specifically, post-closing adjustments to the working capital acquired including certain holdbacks. 
 Goodwill was determined as the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of the net assets acquired (including the identifiable intangible assets). A portion of goodwill derived from this acquisition is deductible for tax purposes and reflects the value of leveraging our brand building expertise, supply chain capabilities and retail relationships to accelerate growth and access to the portfolio of Pretzels products. 
 Other intangible assets include trademarks valued at and customer relationships valued at . Trademarks were assigned an estimated useful life of and customer relationships were assigned an estimated useful life of years. 
 Table of Contents 
 The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 61 

THE HERSHEY COMPANY 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (amounts in thousands, except share data or if otherwise indicated) 

 and consisted of cash on hand and short-term borrowings. Acquisition-related costs for the Dot s acquisition were immaterial. 
 The acquisition has been accounted for as a business combination and, accordingly, Dot s has been included within the North America Salty Snacks segment from the date of acquisition. 
 Other intangible assets Current assets acquired Property, plant and equipment, net Other non-current assets Other liabilities assumed, primarily current liabilities ) Net assets acquired 
 The purchase price allocation presented above has been finalized as of the third quarter of 2022 and includes an immaterial amount of measurement period adjustments. The measurement period adjustments to the initial allocation were based on more detailed information obtained about the specific assets acquired and liabilities assumed, specifically, the refinement of certain assumptions in the value of customer relationships based on an analysis of historical customer-specific data and post-closing adjustments to the working capital acquired including certain holdbacks. 
 Goodwill was determined as the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of the net assets acquired (including the identifiable intangible assets). The goodwill derived from this acquisition is deductible for tax purposes and reflects the value of leveraging our brand building expertise, supply chain capabilities and retail relationships to accelerate growth and access to the portfolio of Dot s products. 
 Other intangible assets include trademarks valued at and customer relationships valued at . Trademarks were assigned an estimated useful life of years and customer relationships were assigned estimated useful life of years. 
 Lily's Sweets, LLC 
 On June 25, 2021, we completed the acquisition of Lily s Sweets, LLC Lily s ), previously a privately held company that sells a line of sugar-free and low-sugar confectionery foods to retailers and distributors in the United States and Canada. Lily s products include dark and milk chocolate style bars, baking chips, peanut butter cups and other confection products that complement Hershey s confectionery and confectionery-based portfolio. The cash consideration paid for Lily s totaled and the Company may be required to pay additional cash consideration if certain defined targets related to net sales and gross margin are exceeded during the period from the closing date through December 31, 2021. As of the acquisition date, the estimated fair value of the contingent consideration obligation was classified as a liability of and was determined using a scenario-based analysis on forecasted future results. Based on financial results through December 31, 2021, the fair value was reduced during the fourth quarter of 2021 to , with the adjustment to fair value recorded in the selling, marketing and administrative SM A expense caption within the Consolidated Statements of Income. We paid this contingent consideration during the second quarter of 2022. Acquisition-related costs for the Lily s acquisition were immaterial. 

Table of Contents 
 The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 62 

THE HERSHEY COMPANY 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (amounts in thousands, except share data or if otherwise indicated) 

Other intangible assets Other assets acquired, primarily current assets Other liabilities assumed, primarily current liabilities ) Deferred income taxes ) Net assets acquired 
 
 The purchase price allocation presented above has been finalized as of the fourth quarter of 2021 and includes an immaterial amount of measurement period adjustments. The measurement period adjustments to the initial allocation were based on more detailed information obtained about the specific assets acquired and liabilities assumed. 
 
 Goodwill was determined as the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of the net assets acquired (including the identifiable intangible assets). The majority of goodwill derived from this acquisition is expected to be deductible for tax purposes and reflects the value of leveraging our brand building expertise, supply chain capabilities and retail relationships to accelerate growth and access to the portfolio of Lily s products. 
 
 Other intangible assets include trademarks valued at and customer relationships valued at . Trademarks were assigned an estimated useful life of years and customer relationships were assigned estimated useful lives ranging from to years. 
 
 Lotte Shanghai Foods Co., Ltd. 
 
 In January 2021, we completed the divestiture of Lotte Shanghai Foods Co., Ltd. LSFC ), which was previously included within the International segment results in our consolidated financial statements. Total proceeds from the divestiture and the impact on our consolidated financial statements were immaterial and were recorded in the SM A expense caption within the Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 2020 Activity 
 During the second quarter of 2020, we completed the divestitures of KRAVE Pure Foods, Inc. Krave ), which was previously included within the North America Salty Snacks segment, and the Scharffen Berger and Dagoba brands, both of which were previously included within the North America Confectionery segment results in our consolidated financial statements. Total proceeds from the divestitures and the impact on our Consolidated Statements of Income, both individually and on an aggregate basis, were immaterial. 
 Table of Contents 
 The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 63 

THE HERSHEY COMPANY 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (amounts in thousands, except share data or if otherwise indicated) 

 3. 
 Accumulated impairment loss ) ) ) Balance at January 1, 2021 
 Acquired during the period Measurement period adjustments Foreign currency translation ) Balance at December 31, 2021 
 Measurement period adjustments ) ) Foreign currency translation ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 

We had goodwill impairment charges in 2022, 2021 or 2020. 
 ) ) Customer-related 
 ) ) Patents 
 ) ) Total 
 ) ) Intangible assets not subject to amortization: Trademarks 
 Total other intangible assets 

Total amortization expense for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was , and , respectively. 

4. 
 billion unsecured revolving credit facility with the option to increase borrowings by an additional million with the consent of the lenders. This facility is scheduled to expire 
 Table of Contents 
 The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 64 

THE HERSHEY COMPANY 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (amounts in thousands, except share data or if otherwise indicated) 

 additional periods upon notice to the administrative agent under the facility. 
 The unsecured committed revolving credit agreement contains a financial covenant whereby the ratio of (a) pre-tax income from operations from the most recent four fiscal quarters to (b) consolidated interest expense for the most recent four fiscal quarters may not be less than to 1.0 at the end of each fiscal quarter. The credit agreement also contains customary representations, warranties and events of default. Payment of outstanding advances may be accelerated, at the option of the lenders, should we default in our obligation under the credit agreement. As of December 31, 2022, we are in compliance with all affirmative and negative covenants and the financial covenant pertaining to our credit agreement. There were no significant compensating balance agreements that legally restricted these funds. 
 In addition to the revolving credit facility, we maintain lines of credit with domestic and international commercial banks. Our credit limit in various currencies was at December 31, 2022 and at December 31, 2021. These lines permit us to borrow at the respective banks prime commercial interest rates, or lower. Commitment fees relating to our revolving credit facility and lines of credit are not material. 
 U.S. commercial paper Total short-term debt Weighted average interest rate on outstanding commercial paper 
 The maximum amount of short-term borrowings outstanding during 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. The weighted-average interest rate on short-term borrowings outstanding was as of December 31, 2022 and as of December 31, 2021. 
 
 Long-term Debt 
 Notes 
 May 1, 2023 Notes 
 May 15, 2023 Notes 
 November 15, 2024 Notes 
 June 1, 2025 Notes 
 August 21, 2025 Notes 
 August 15, 2026 Debentures 
 August 15, 2027 Notes 
 November 15, 2029 Notes 
 June 1, 2030 Notes 
 August 15, 2046 Notes 
 November 15, 2049 Notes 
 June 1, 2050 Finance lease obligations (see Note 7 
 Net impact of interest rate swaps, debt issuance costs and unamortized debt discounts ) ) Total long-term debt Less current portion Long-term portion 
 Table of Contents 
 The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 65 

THE HERSHEY COMPANY 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (amounts in thousands, except share data or if otherwise indicated) 

 of Debentures due upon their maturity. In May 2021, we repaid of Notes due upon their maturity. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter 
 Our debt is principally unsecured and of equal priority. None of our debt is convertible into our Common Stock. 
 Interest Expense 
 Capitalized interest 
 ) ) ) Interest expense 
 Interest income ) ) ) Interest expense, net 

5. 
 - to -month periods. Our open commodity derivative contracts had a notional value of as of December 31, 2022 and as of December 31, 2021. 
 Derivatives used to manage commodity price risk are not designated for hedge accounting treatment. Therefore, the changes in fair value of these derivatives are recorded as incurred within cost of sales. As discussed in Note 13 , we define our segment income to exclude gains and losses on commodity derivatives until the related inventory is sold, at which time the related gains and losses are reflected within segment income. This enables us to continue to align the derivative gains and losses with the underlying economic exposure being hedged and thereby eliminate the mark-to-market volatility within our reported segment income. 
 Table of Contents 
 The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 66 

THE HERSHEY COMPANY 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (amounts in thousands, except share data or if otherwise indicated) 

 to months. The contracts are either designated as cash flow hedges or are undesignated. The net notional amount of foreign exchange contracts accounted for as cash flow hedges was at December 31, 2022 and at December 31, 2021. The effective portion of the changes in fair value on these contracts is recorded in other comprehensive income and reclassified into earnings in the same period in which the hedged transactions affect earnings. The net notional amount of foreign exchange contracts that are not designated as accounting hedges was at December 31, 2022 and at December 31, 2021. The change in fair value on these instruments is recorded directly in cost of sales or selling, marketing and administrative expense, depending on the nature of the underlying exposure. 
 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 In order to manage interest rate exposure, in previous years we utilized interest rate swap agreements to protect against unfavorable interest rate changes relating to forecasted debt transactions. These swaps, which were settled upon issuance of the related debt, were designated as cash flow hedges and the gains and losses that were deferred in other comprehensive income are being recognized as an adjustment to interest expense over the same period that the hedged interest payments affect earnings. 
 Equity Price Risk 
 We are exposed to market price changes in certain broad market indices related to our deferred compensation obligations to our employees. To mitigate this risk, we use equity swap contracts to hedge the portion of the exposure that is linked to market-level equity returns. These contracts are not designated as hedges for accounting purposes and are entered into for periods of to months. The change in fair value of these derivatives is recorded in SM A expense, together with the change in the related liabilities. The notional amount of the contracts outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. 
 Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments: Commodities futures and options (2) Deferred compensation derivatives Foreign exchange contracts Total 
 
 (1) Derivatives assets are classified on our Consolidated Balance Sheets within prepaid expenses and other as well as other non-current assets. Derivative liabilities are classified on our Consolidated Balance Sheets within accrued liabilities and other long-term liabilities. 
 Table of Contents 
 The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 67 

THE HERSHEY COMPANY 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (amounts in thousands, except share data or if otherwise indicated) 

 and liabilities of , which are associated with cash transfers receivable or payable on commodities futures contracts reflecting the change in quoted market prices on the last trading day for the period. The comparable amounts reflected on a net basis in liabilities at December 31, 2021 were assets of and liabilities of . At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the remaining amount reflected in assets and liabilities related to the fair value of other non-exchange traded derivative instruments, respectively. 
 
 Income Statement Impact of Derivative Instruments 
 Foreign exchange contracts ) ) ) Interest rate swap agreements 
 ) ) Deferred compensation derivatives 
 ) Total 
 ) ) ) 
 
 (a) Gains (losses) recognized in income for non-designated commodities futures and options contracts were included in cost of sales. Gains (losses) recognized in income for non-designated foreign currency forward exchange contracts and deferred compensation derivatives were included in selling, marketing and administrative expenses. 
 (b) Gains (losses) reclassified from AOCI into income for foreign currency forward exchange contracts were included in selling, marketing and administrative expenses. Losses reclassified from AOCI into income for interest rate swap agreements were included in interest expense. 
 The amount of pretax net losses on derivative instruments, including interest rate swap agreements and foreign currency forward exchange contracts expected to be reclassified into earnings in the next 12 months was approximately as of December 31, 2022. This amount is primarily associated with interest rate swap agreements. 
 
 6. 
 t have any Level 3 financial assets or liabilities, nor were there any transfers between levels during the periods presented. 
 Table of Contents 
 The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 68 

THE HERSHEY COMPANY 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (amounts in thousands, except share data or if otherwise indicated) 

 Deferred compensation derivatives (2) Commodities futures and options (3) Liabilities: Foreign exchange contracts (1) Commodities futures and options (3) December 31, 2021: 
 Assets: Foreign exchange contracts (1) Deferred compensation derivatives (2) Commodities futures and options (3) Liabilities: Foreign exchange contracts (1) Commodities futures and options (3) 
 (1) The fair value of foreign currency forward exchange contracts is the difference between the contract and current market foreign currency exchange rates at the end of the period. We estimate the fair value of foreign currency forward exchange contracts on a quarterly basis by obtaining market quotes of spot and forward rates for contracts with similar terms, adjusted where necessary for maturity differences. 
 (2) The fair value of deferred compensation derivatives is based on quoted prices for market interest rates and a broad market equity index. 
 (3) The fair value of commodities futures and options contracts is based on quoted market prices. 
 Other Financial Instruments 
 The carrying amounts of cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, accounts payable and short-term debt approximated fair values as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 because of the relatively short maturity of these instruments. 
 The estimated fair value of our long-term debt is based on quoted market prices for similar debt issuances and is, therefore, classified as Level 2 within the valuation hierarchy. 
 Long-term debt Total 
 
 Table of Contents 
 The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 69 

THE HERSHEY COMPANY 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (amounts in thousands, except share data or if otherwise indicated) 

 Other asset write-down (2) Long-lived asset impairment charges 
 (1) In connection with the sale of the LSFC joint venture (disposal group previously classified as held for sale), we recorded impairment charges to adjust long-lived asset values. The fair value of the disposal group was supported by potential sales prices with third-party buyers. The sale of the LSFC joint venture was completed in January 2021. 
 (2) In connection with a previous sale, the Company wrote-down certain receivables deemed uncollectible. 
 
 7. 
 
 Table of Contents 
 The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 70 

THE HERSHEY COMPANY 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (amounts in thousands, except share data or if otherwise indicated) 

 Finance lease cost: Amortization of ROU assets Depreciation and amortization (1) Interest on lease liabilities Interest expense, net Net lease cost (2) 
 (1) Supply chain-related amounts were included in cost of sales. 
 (2) Net lease cost does not include short-term leases, variable lease costs or sublease income, all of which are immaterial. 
 Information regarding our lease terms and discount rates were as follows: 
 2022 2021 Weighted-average remaining lease term (years) Operating leases Finance leases Weighted-average discount rate Operating leases Finance leases 
 Finance lease ROU assets, at cost Property, plant and equipment, gross Accumulated amortization Accumulated depreciation ) ) Finance lease ROU assets, net Property, plant and equipment, net Total leased assets Liabilities Current Operating Accrued liabilities Finance Current portion of long-term debt Non-current Operating Other long-term liabilities Finance Long-term debt Total lease liabilities 

Table of Contents 
 The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 71 

THE HERSHEY COMPANY 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (amounts in thousands, except share data or if otherwise indicated) 

 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total lease payments Less: Imputed interest Total lease liabilities 
 
 Operating cash flows from finance leases Financing cash flows from finance leases ROU assets obtained in exchange for lease liabilities: Operating leases Finance leases ) 
 
 8. 
 and as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 
 9. 
 
 Table of Contents 
 The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 72 

THE HERSHEY COMPANY 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (amounts in thousands, except share data or if otherwise indicated) 

 Selling, marketing and administrative expense Business realignment costs Costs associated with business realignment activities 
 
 Costs recorded by program in 2022, 2021 and 2020 related to these activities were as follows: 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 International Optimization Program: Severance and employee benefit costs Other program costs Margin for Growth Program: Severance ) Other program costs Total 
 Amounts classified as liabilities qualifying as exit and disposal costs primarily represent employee-related and certain third-party service provider charges, however, such amounts at December 31, 2022 are not significant and are expected to be paid within the next 12 months. 
 2020 International Optimization Program 
 In the fourth quarter of 2020, we commenced a program International Optimization Program to streamline resources and investments in select international markets, including the optimization of our China operating model that will improve our operational efficiency and provide for a strong, sustainable and simplified base going forward. 
 The International Optimization Program is expected to be completed by the end of 2023, with total pre-tax costs anticipated to be to . Cash costs are expected to be to , primarily related to workforce reductions of approximately positions outside of the United States, costs to consolidate and relocate production, and third-party costs incurred to execute these activities. The costs and related benefits of the International Optimization Program relate to the International segment. However, segment operating results do not include these business realignment expenses because we evaluate segment performance excluding such costs. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we recognized total costs associated with the International Optimization Program of and . These charges predominantly included third-party charges in support of our initiative to transform our China operating model, as well as severance and employee benefit costs. Since inception, we have incurred pre-tax charges to execute the program totaling . 
 Margin for Growth Program 
 In the first quarter of 2017, the Company s Board of Directors Board unanimously approved several initiatives under a single program focused on improving global efficiency and effectiveness, optimizing the Company s supply chain, streamlining the Company s operating model and reducing administrative expenses to generate long-term savings. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2020, we recognized total costs associated with the Margin for Growth Program of . These charges included other program costs, which related primarily to third-party charges in support of our initiative to improve global efficiency and effectiveness. This project was completed in mid-2020. 
 The costs and related benefits of the Margin for Growth Program relate approximately to the North America Confectionery segment and to the International segment. However, segment operating results do not include these business realignment expenses because we evaluate segment performance excluding such costs. 
 Table of Contents 
 The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 73 

THE HERSHEY COMPANY 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (amounts in thousands, except share data or if otherwise indicated) 

 10. 
 Foreign Income before income taxes 

State Foreign Deferred: 
 Federal State Foreign ) ) ) 
 Total provision for income taxes 
 Table of Contents 
 The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 74 

THE HERSHEY COMPANY 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (amounts in thousands, except share data or if otherwise indicated) 

Accrued expenses and other reserves 
 Stock-based compensation 
 Derivative instruments 
 Lease liabilities 
 Accrued trade promotion reserves 
 Net operating loss carryforwards 
 Capital loss carryforwards Other Gross deferred tax assets Valuation allowance ) ) Total deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities: Property, plant and equipment, net Acquired intangibles Lease ROU assets Inventories Derivative instruments Pension Other Total deferred tax liabilities Net deferred tax liabilities ) ) Included in: 
 Non-current deferred tax assets, net Non-current deferred tax liabilities, net ) ) Net deferred tax liabilities ) ) 
 
 Changes in deferred taxes were primarily due to acquired intangibles and accelerated tax depreciation on property, plant and equipment. 
 The valuation allowances as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 were primarily related to various foreign jurisdictions' net operating loss carryforwards and other deferred tax assets that we do not expect to realize. 
 Table of Contents 
 The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 75 

THE HERSHEY COMPANY 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (amounts in thousands, except share data or if otherwise indicated) 

 Increase (reduction) resulting from: State income taxes, net of Federal income tax benefits Foreign rate differences ) ) ) Historic and solar tax credits ) ) ) Tax contingencies Stock compensation ) ) ) Other, net ) ) Effective income tax rate 
 Additions for tax positions taken during prior years 
 Reductions for tax positions taken during prior years 
 ) ) Additions for tax positions taken during the current year 
 Settlements 
 ) Expiration of statutes of limitations 
 ) ) Balance at end of year 
 
 The total amount of unrecognized tax benefits that, if recognized, would affect the effective tax rate was as of December 31, 2022 and as of December 31, 2021. 
 We report accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in income tax expense. We recognized a net tax expense of , and in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, for interest and penalties. Accrued net interest and penalties were as of December 31, 2022 and as of December 31, 2021. 
 The Company and its subsidiaries file tax returns in the United States, including various state and local returns, and in other foreign jurisdictions. We are routinely audited by taxing authorities in our filing jurisdictions, and a number of these disputes are currently underway, including multi-year controversies at various stages of review, negotiation and litigation in Mexico, China, Canada and the United States. The outcome of tax audits cannot be predicted with certainty, including the timing of resolution or potential settlements. If any issues addressed in our tax audits are resolved in a manner not consistent with management s expectations, we could be required to adjust our provision for income taxes in the period such resolution occurs. Based on our current assessments, we believe adequate provision has been made for all income tax uncertainties. 
 We reasonably expect reductions in the liability for unrecognized tax benefits of approximately within the next 12 months because of the expiration of statutes of limitations and settlements of tax audits. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately of undistributed earnings of our international subsidiaries. During 2020, previously undistributed earnings of certain international subsidiaries were no longer considered indefinitely reinvested; however, the Company had previously recognized a one-time U.S. repatriation tax due under U.S. tax reform, and as a result, only an immaterial amount of withholding tax was recognized. We intend to continue to reinvest the remainder of the earnings outside of the United States for which there would be a material tax implication to distributing, such as withholding tax, for the foreseeable future and, therefore, have not recognized additional tax expense on these earnings beyond the one-time U.S. repatriation tax due under the 2017 Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. 
 
 Table of Contents 
 The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 76 

THE HERSHEY COMPANY 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (amounts in thousands, except share data or if otherwise indicated) 

 , and , respectively, and we wrote-down the equity investment by , and , respectively, to reflect the realization of these benefits. The equity investment write-down is reflected within other (income) expense, net in the Consolidated Statements of Income (see Note 17 ). 
 Inflation Reduction Act 
 On August 16, 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act IRA was signed into law. The IRA enacted a 15 corporate minimum tax on certain corporations and an excise tax on share repurchases after December 31, 2022, and created and extended certain energy-related tax credits and incentives, as well as other provisions. We currently do not expect the tax-related provisions of the IRA to have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements, including our annual effective tax rate, or on our liquidity. We will continue to monitor and assess the impact the IRA may have on our business and financial results. 
 American Rescue Plan Act 
 On March 11, 2021, the American Rescue Plan Act ARPA was signed into law. The ARPA strengthens and extends certain federal programs enacted through the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act and other coronavirus disease 2019 COVID-19 relief measures, and establishes new federal programs, including provisions on taxes, healthcare and unemployment benefits. The ARPA did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act 
 On March 27, 2020, the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security CARES Act was signed into law. The CARES Act provides a substantial stimulus and assistance package intended to address the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, including tax relief and government loans, grants and investments. The CARES Act did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 
 11. 
 post-retirement benefit plans: health care and life insurance. The health care plan is contributory, with participants contributions adjusted annually. The life insurance plan is non-contributory. 
 Table of Contents 
 The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 77 

THE HERSHEY COMPANY 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (amounts in thousands, except share data or if otherwise indicated) 

 Service cost Interest cost Actuarial (gain) loss ) ) ) ) Settlement ) ) Currency translation and other ) ) Benefits paid ) ) ) ) Projected benefit obligation at end of year Change in plan assets Fair value of plan assets at beginning of year Actual return on plan assets ) Employer contributions Settlement ) ) Currency translation and other ) Benefits paid ) ) ) ) Fair value of plan assets at end of year Funded status at end of year 
 ) ) Amounts recognized in the Consolidated Balance Sheets: 
 Other assets Accrued liabilities ) ) ) ) Other long-term liabilities ) ) ) ) Total ) ) Amounts recognized in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), net of tax: 
 Actuarial net (loss) gain ) ) Net prior service credit Net amounts recognized in AOCI ) ) 
 The projected benefit obligation during 2022 was impacted by actuarial gain of which was mainly the result of the discount rate assumption increasing from at December 31, 2021 to at December 31, 2022. The accumulated benefit obligation for all defined benefit pension plans was as of December 31, 2022 and as of December 31, 2021. 
 Table of Contents 
 The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 78 

THE HERSHEY COMPANY 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (amounts in thousands, except share data or if otherwise indicated) 

 Accumulated benefit obligation Fair value of plan assets 
 
 Net Periodic Benefit Cost 
 Interest cost Expected return on plan assets ) ) ) Amortization of prior service (credit) cost ) ) ) Amortization of net loss ) ) Settlement loss Total net periodic benefit cost Change in plan assets and benefit obligations recognized in AOCI, pre-tax Actuarial net (gain) loss ) ) ) ) Prior service cost (credit) ) Total recognized in other comprehensive (income) loss, pre-tax 
 ) ) ) ) Net amounts recognized in periodic benefit cost and AOCI ) ) ) 
 
 The non-service cost components of net periodic benefit cost relating to pension and other post-retirement benefit plans is reflected within other (income) expense, net in the Consolidated Statements of Income (see Note 17 ). 
 Assumptions 
 Rate of increase in compensation levels 
 N/A Interest crediting rate 
 N/A N/A 

Table of Contents 
 The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 79 

THE HERSHEY COMPANY 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (amounts in thousands, except share data or if otherwise indicated) 

 Expected long-term return on plan assets N/A N/A N/A Rate of compensation increase 
 N/A N/A N/A 
 
 The Company s discount rate assumption is determined by developing a yield curve based on high quality corporate bonds with maturities matching the plans expected benefit payment streams. The plans expected cash flows are then discounted by the resulting year-by-year spot rates. We base the asset return assumption on current and expected asset allocations, as well as historical and expected returns on the plan asset categories. 
 
 We utilize a full yield curve approach in the estimation of service and interest costs by applying the specific spot rates along the yield curve used in the determination of the benefit obligation to the relevant projected cash flows. This approach provides a more precise measurement of service and interest costs by improving the correlation between the projected cash flows to the corresponding spot rates along the yield curve. This approach does not affect the measurement of our pension and other post-retirement benefit liabilities but generally results in lower benefit expense in periods when the yield curve is upward sloping. 
 
 For purposes of measuring our post-retirement benefit obligation at December 31, 2022, we assumed a annual rate of increase in the per capita cost of covered health care benefits for 2023, grading down to by 2030. For purposes of measuring our post-retirement benefit obligation at December 31, 2021, we assumed a annual rate of increase in the per capita cost of covered health care benefits for 2022, grading down to by 2025. 
 The valuations and assumptions reflect adoption of the Society of Actuaries updated Pri-2012 mortality tables with MP-2021 generational projection scales, which we adopted as of December 31, 2021. The Society of Actuaries did not update the Pri-2012 mortality tables in 2022. Adoption of the updated scales did not have a significant impact on our current pension obligations or net period benefit cost since our primary plans are cash balance plans and most participants take lump-sum settlements upon retirement. 
 Plan Assets 
 We broadly diversify our pension plan assets across public equity, fixed income, diversified credit strategies and diversified alternative strategies asset classes. 
 Equity securities 
 Fixed income securities 
 Alternative investments, including real estate, listed infrastructure and other 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, actual allocations were consistent with the targets and within our allowable ranges. We expect the level of volatility in pension plan asset returns to be in line with the overall volatility of the markets within each asset class. 
 Table of Contents 
 The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 80 

THE HERSHEY COMPANY 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (amounts in thousands, except share data or if otherwise indicated) 

 Equity securities: Global all-cap (a) Fixed income securities: U.S. government/agency Corporate bonds (b) International government/corporate bonds (c) Diversified credit (d) Alternative investments: Global diversified assets (e) Real assets fund (f) Total pension plan assets 
 The following table sets forth by level, within the fair value hierarchy, pension plan assets at their fair values as of December 31, 2021: 
 Quoted prices in active markets of identical assets (Level 1) Significant other observable inputs (Level 2) Significant other unobservable inputs (Level 3) Investments Using NAV as a Practical Expedient (1) Total Cash and cash equivalents 
 Equity securities: Global all-cap (a) 
 Fixed income securities: U.S. government/agency 
 Corporate bonds (b) 
 International government/corporate bonds (c) 
 Diversified credit (d) Alternative investments: Global diversified assets (e) 
 Real assets fund (f) Total pension plan assets 

(1) Certain investments that are measured at fair value using the net asset value per share (or its equivalent) practical expedient have not been categorized in the fair value hierarchy but are included to reconcile to the amounts presented in our Obligations and Funded Status table. 
 Table of Contents 
 The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 81 

THE HERSHEY COMPANY 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (amounts in thousands, except share data or if otherwise indicated) 

The fair value of the Level 1 assets was based on quoted prices in active markets for the identical assets. The fair value of the Level 2 assets was determined by management based on an assessment of valuations provided by asset management entities and was calculated by aggregating market prices for all underlying securities. 
 Investment objectives for our domestic plan assets are: 
 
 To ensure high correlation between the value of plan assets and liabilities; 
 To maintain careful control of the risk level within each asset class; and 
 To focus on a long-term return objective. 
 
 We believe that there are no significant concentrations of risk within our plan assets as of December 31, 2022. We comply with the rules and regulations promulgated under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 ERISA and we prohibit investments and investment strategies not allowed by ERISA. We do not permit direct purchases of our Company s securities or the use of derivatives for the purpose of speculation. We invest the assets of non-domestic plans in compliance with laws and regulations applicable to those plans. 
 Cash Flows and Plan Termination 
 Our policy is to fund domestic pension liabilities in accordance with the limits imposed by the ERISA, federal income tax laws and the funding requirements of the Pension Protection Act of 2006. We fund non-domestic pension liabilities in accordance with laws and regulations applicable to those plans. 
 We made total contributions to the pension plans of during 2022. In 2021, we made total contributions of to the pension plans. For 2023, minimum funding requirements for our pension plans are approximately . 
 Other Benefits 
 
 Savings Plans 
 The Company sponsors several defined contribution plans to provide retirement benefits to employees. Contributions to The Hershey Company 401(k) Plan and similar plans for non-domestic employees are based on a portion of eligible pay up to a defined maximum. All matching contributions were made in cash. Expense associated with the defined contribution plans was in 2022, in 2021 and in 2020. 
 Table of Contents 
 The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 82 

THE HERSHEY COMPANY 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (amounts in thousands, except share data or if otherwise indicated) 

 12. 
 million shares were authorized and approved by our stockholders for grants under the EICP. The EICP also provides for the deferral of stock-based compensation awards by participants if approved by the Compensation and Human Capital Committee of our Board and if in accordance with an applicable deferred compensation plan of the Company. Currently, the Compensation and Human Capital Committee has authorized the deferral of PSU and RSU awards by certain eligible employees under the Company s Deferred Compensation Plan. Our Board has authorized our non-employee directors to defer any portion of their cash retainer, committee chair fees and RSUs awarded that they elect to convert into deferred stock units under our Directors Compensation Plan. 
 At the time stock options are exercised or PSUs and RSUs become payable, Common Stock is issued from our accumulated treasury shares. Dividend equivalents are credited on RSUs on the same date and at the same rate as dividends paid on our Common Stock. Dividend equivalents are charged to retained earnings and included in accrued liabilities until paid. 
 Awards to employees eligible for retirement prior to the award becoming fully vested are amortized to expense over the period through the date that the employee first becomes eligible to retire and is no longer required to provide service to earn the award. In addition, historical data is used to estimate forfeiture rates and record share-based compensation expense only for those awards that are expected to vest. 
 Related income tax benefit 
 Compensation expenses for stock compensation plans are primarily included in SM A expense. As of December 31, 2022, total stock-based compensation expense related to non-vested awards not yet recognized was and the weighted-average period over which this amount is expected to be recognized was approximately years. 
 Stock Options 
 The exercise price of each stock option awarded under the EICP equals the closing price of our Common Stock on the New York Stock Exchange on the date of grant. Each stock option has a maximum term of years. Grants of stock options provide for pro-rated vesting, typically over a period. Expense for stock options is based on grant date fair value and recognized on a straight-line method over the vesting period, net of estimated forfeitures. 
 Table of Contents 
 The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 83 

THE HERSHEY COMPANY 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (amounts in thousands, except share data or if otherwise indicated) 

 years Granted Exercised 
 ) Forfeited ) Expired ) Outstanding as of December 31, 2022 
 years Options exercisable as of December 31, 2022 
 years 
 The weighted-average fair value of options granted was , and per share in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Expected volatility Risk-free interest rates 
 Expected term in years 
 The total intrinsic value of options exercised was , and in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 As of December 31, 2022, there was of total unrecognized compensation expense related to non-vested stock option awards granted under the EICP, which we expect to recognize over a weighted-average period of years. 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Table of Contents 
 The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 84 

THE HERSHEY COMPANY 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (amounts in thousands, except share data or if otherwise indicated) 

 -year performance cycles. If we meet targets for financial measures at the end of the applicable -year performance cycle, we award a resulting number of shares of our Common Stock to the participants. The number of shares may be increased to the maximum or reduced to the minimum threshold based on the results of these performance metrics in accordance with the terms established at the time of the award . 
 For PSUs granted, the target award is a combination of a market-based total shareholder return and performance-based components. For market-based condition components, market volatility and other factors are taken into consideration in determining the grant date fair value and the related compensation expense is recognized regardless of whether the market condition is satisfied, provided that the requisite service has been provided. For performance-based condition components, we estimate the probability that the performance conditions will be achieved each quarter and adjust compensation expenses accordingly. The performance scores of PSUs granted in 2022, 2021, and 2020 can range from to of the targeted amounts. 
 We recognize the compensation expense associated with PSUs ratably over the -year term. Compensation expense is based on the grant date fair value because the grants can only be settled in shares of our Common Stock. The grant date fair value of PSUs is determined based on the Monte Carlo simulation model for the market-based total shareholder return component and the closing market price of the Company s Common Stock on the date of grant for performance-based components. 
 In 2022, 2021 and 2020, we awarded RSUs to certain executive officers and other key employees under the EICP. We also awarded RSUs quarterly to non-employee directors. 
 We recognize the compensation expense associated with employee RSUs over a specified award vesting period based on the grant date fair value of our Common Stock. We recognize expense for employee RSUs based on the straight-line method. The compensation expense associated with non-employee director RSUs is recognized ratably over the vesting period, net of estimated forfeitures. 
 Granted 
 Performance assumption change (1) Vested 
 ) Forfeited 
 ) Outstanding at end of year 
 
 (1) Reflects the net number of PSUs above and below target levels based on the performance metrics. 
 Weighted-average fair value at date of grant 
 Monte Carlo simulation assumptions: 
 Estimated values 
 Dividend yields 
 Expected volatility 
 
 Table of Contents 
 The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 85 

THE HERSHEY COMPANY 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (amounts in thousands, except share data or if otherwise indicated) 

The fair value of shares vested totaled , and in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Deferred PSUs, deferred RSUs and deferred stock units representing directors fees totaled units as of December 31, 2022. Each unit is equivalent to share of the Company s Common Stock. 
 
 13. 
 
 segments: (i) North America Confectionery, (ii) North America Salty Snacks and (iii) International. This organizational structure aligns with how our Chief Operating Decision Maker CODM manages our business, including resource allocation and performance assessment, and further aligns with our product categories and the key markets we serve. 
 North America Confectionery This segment is responsible for our traditional chocolate and non-chocolate confectionery market position in the United States and Canada. This includes our business in chocolate and non-chocolate confectionery, gum and refreshment products, protein bars, spreads, snack bites and mixes, as well as pantry and food service lines. This segment also includes our retail operations, including Hershey s Chocolate World stores in Hershey, Pennsylvania; New York, New York; Las Vegas, Nevada; Niagara Falls (Ontario) and Singapore, as well as operations associated with licensing the use of certain of the Company s trademarks and products to third parties around the world. 
 North America Salty Snacks This segment is responsible for our salty snacking products in the United States. This includes ready-to-eat popcorn, baked and trans fat free snacks, pretzels and other snacks. 
 International International is a combination of all other operating segments that are not individually material, including those geographic regions where we operate outside of North America. We currently have operations and manufacture product in Mexico, Brazil, India and Malaysia, primarily for consumers in these regions, and also distribute and sell confectionery products in export markets of Asia, Latin America, Middle East, Europe, Africa and other regions. 
 For segment reporting purposes, we use segment income to evaluate segment performance and allocate resources. Segment income excludes unallocated general corporate administrative expenses, unallocated mark-to-market gains and losses on commodity derivatives, business realignment and impairment charges, acquisition-related costs and other unusual gains or losses that are not part of our measurement of segment performance. These items of our operating income are managed centrally at the corporate level and are excluded from the measure of segment income reviewed by the CODM as well the measure of segment performance used for incentive compensation purposes. 
 Accounting policies associated with our operating segments are generally the same as those described in Note 1 . 
 As discussed in Note 5 , derivatives used to manage commodity price risk are not designated for hedge accounting treatment. These derivatives are recognized at fair market value with the resulting realized and unrealized (gains) losses recognized in unallocated derivative (gains) losses outside of the reporting segment results until the related inventory is sold, at which time the related gains and losses are reallocated to segment income. This enables us to align the derivative gains and losses with the underlying economic exposure being hedged and thereby eliminate the mark-to-market volatility within our reported segment income. 
 Certain manufacturing, warehousing, distribution and other activities supporting our global operations are integrated to maximize efficiency and productivity. As a result, assets and capital expenditures are not managed on a segment basis and are not included in the information reported to the CODM for the purpose of evaluating performance or allocating resources. We disclose depreciation and amortization that is generated by segment-specific assets, since these amounts are included within the measure of segment income reported to the CODM. 
 Table of Contents 
 The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 86 

THE HERSHEY COMPANY 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (amounts in thousands, except share data or if otherwise indicated) 

North America Salty Snacks International Total Segment income (loss): North America Confectionery North America Salty Snacks International ) Total segment income Unallocated corporate expense (1) ) Long-lived asset impairment charges (see Note 6 
 Costs associated with business realignment activities (see Note 9 
 Operating profit Interest expense, net (see Note 4 
 Other (income) expense, net (see Note 17 
 Income before income taxes 
 (1) Includes centrally-managed (a) corporate functional costs relating to legal, treasury, finance, and human resources, (b) expenses associated with the oversight and administration of our global operations, including warehousing, distribution and manufacturing, information systems and global shared services, (c) non-cash stock-based compensation expense, (d) acquisition-related costs and (e) other gains or losses that are not integral to segment performance. ) ) Net gains on commodity derivative positions reclassified from unallocated to segment income Net losses (gains) on mark-to-market valuation of commodity derivative positions recognized in unallocated derivative losses (gains) ) 
 As of December 31, 2022, the cumulative amount of mark-to-market gains on commodity derivatives that have been recognized in our consolidated cost of sales and not yet allocated to reportable segments was . Based on our forecasts of the timing of the recognition of the underlying hedged items, we expect to reclassify net pretax gains on commodity derivatives of to segment operating results in the next twelve months. 
 
 Table of Contents 
 The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 87 

THE HERSHEY COMPANY 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (amounts in thousands, except share data or if otherwise indicated) 

 North America Salty Snacks International Corporate Total 
 Other 
 Total Long-lived assets: United States 
 Other 
 Total 
 
 14. 
 authorized shares of capital stock as of December 31, 2022. Of this total, shares were designated as Common Stock, shares were designated as Class B Common Stock Class B Stock and shares were designated as Preferred Stock. Each class has a par value of dollar per share. 
 Holders of the Common Stock and the Class B Stock generally vote together without regard to class on matters submitted to stockholders, including the election of directors. The holders of Common Stock have vote per share and the holders of Class B Common Stock have votes per share. However, the Common Stock holders, voting separately as a class, are entitled to elect one-sixth of the Board. With respect to dividend rights, the Common Stock holders are entitled to cash dividends higher than those declared and paid on the Class B Common Stock. 
 Class B Stock can be converted into Common Stock on a share-for-share basis at any time. During 2022, shares of Class B Common Stock were converted to Common Stock by Hershey Trust Company, as trustee for the Milton Hershey School Trust (the School Trust ). During 2021 and 2020, shares of Class B Stock were converted into Common Stock. 
 Table of Contents 
 The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 88 

THE HERSHEY COMPANY 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (amounts in thousands, except share data or if otherwise indicated) 

 Treasury shares at beginning of year ) ) ) Stock repurchases: Shares repurchased in the open market under pre-approved share repurchase programs ) ) Milton Hershey School Trust repurchase ) Shares repurchased in the open market to replace Treasury Stock issued for stock options and incentive compensation ) ) ) Stock issuances: Shares issued for stock options and incentive compensation Treasury shares at end of year ) ) ) Net shares outstanding at end of year 
 In July 2018, our Board of Directors approved a share repurchase authorization to repurchase shares of our Common Stock. As of December 31, 2022, remained available for repurchases of our Common Stock under this program. In May 2021, our Board of Directors approved an additional share repurchase authorization. This program is to commence after the existing 2018 authorization is completed and is to be utilized at management s discretion. We are authorized to purchase our outstanding shares in open market and privately negotiated transactions. The program has no expiration date and acquired shares of Common Stock will be held as treasury shares. Purchases under approved share repurchase authorizations are in addition to our practice of buying back shares sufficient to offset those issued under incentive compensation plans. 
 Hershey Trust Company 
 Hershey Trust Company, as trustee for the School Trust and as direct owner of investment shares, held shares of our Common Stock as of December 31, 2022. As trustee for the School Trust, Hershey Trust Company held shares of the Class B Common Stock as of December 31, 2022, and was entitled to cast approximately of all of the votes entitled to be cast on matters requiring the vote of both classes of our common stock voting together. Hershey Trust Company, as trustee for the School Trust, or any successor trustee, or Milton Hershey School, as appropriate, must approve any issuance of shares of Common Stock or other action that would result in it not continuing to have voting control of our Company. 
 Stock Purchase Agreements 
 In February 2023, the Company entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement with Hershey Trust Company, as trustee for the School Trust, pursuant to which the Company purchased shares of the Company s Common Stock from the School Trust at a price equal to per share, for a total purchase price of . As a result of this repurchase, our July 2018 share repurchase authorization program was completed in February 2023. 
 
 In February 2022, the Company entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement with Hershey Trust Company, as trustee for the School Trust, pursuant to which the Company purchased shares of the Company s Common Stock from the School Trust at a price equal to per share, for a total purchase price of . 

Table of Contents 
 The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 89 

THE HERSHEY COMPANY 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (amounts in thousands, except share data or if otherwise indicated) 

15. 
 
 Environmental contingencies 
 We have a number of facilities that contain varying amounts of asbestos in certain locations within the facilities. Our asbestos management program is compliant with current applicable regulations, which require that we handle or dispose of asbestos in a special manner if such facilities undergo major renovations or are demolished. We do not have sufficient information to estimate the fair value of any asset retirement obligations related to these facilities. We cannot specify the settlement date or range of potential settlement dates and, therefore, sufficient information is not available to apply an expected present value technique. We expect to maintain the facilities with repairs and maintenance activities that would not involve or require the removal of significant quantities of asbestos. 
 Legal contingencies 
 On February 12, 2021, Issouf Coubaly, individually and on behalf of proposed class members, filed a complaint (Coubaly v. Nestl U.S.A. et al., 1:21-cv-00386-DLF (D.D.C. Feb. 12, 2021)) in the District Court of the District of Columbia, seeking injunctive relief and unspecified damages for alleged violations of child labor and human trafficking laws under the Trafficking Victims Protection Reauthorization Act. The Company was among several defendants named in the suit. The defendants filed a joint motion to dismiss the case on July 30, 2021, and on June 28, 2022, the District Court granted the motion and dismissed the case without prejudice. On July 22, 2022, the plaintiffs filed an appeal in the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia challenging the dismissal of the case. The Company continues to believe that the suit, including the appeal, is without merit and is defending vigorously against the appeal. 
 In addition to the above-referenced matter, the Company is subject to certain legal proceedings and claims arising out of the ordinary course of our business, which cover a wide range of matters including trade regulation, product liability, advertising, contracts, environmental issues, patent and trademark matters, labor and employment matters, human and workplace rights matters and tax. While it is not feasible to predict or determine the outcome of such proceedings and claims with certainty, in our opinion these matters, both individually and in the aggregate, are not expected to have a material effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 
 
 Table of Contents 
 The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 90 

THE HERSHEY COMPANY 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (amounts in thousands, except share data or if otherwise indicated) 

 full-time and part-time employees worldwide. Collective bargaining agreements covered approximately employees, or approximately of the Company s employees worldwide. During 2023, agreements will be negotiated for certain employees at five facilities, four of which are outside of the United States, comprising approximately of total employees under collective bargaining agreements. We currently expect that we will be able to renegotiate such agreements on satisfactory terms when they expire. 

Table of Contents 
 The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 91 

THE HERSHEY COMPANY 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (amounts in thousands, except share data or if otherwise indicated) 

 16. 
 shares of Class B Common Stock were converted to Common Stock by Hershey Trust Company, as trustee for the School Trust. The computation of diluted earnings per share for Common Stock assumes the conversion of Class B common stock using the if-converted method, while the diluted earnings per share of Class B common stock does not assume the conversion of those shares. 
 Allocation of undistributed earnings 
 Total earnings basic Denominator (shares in thousands): Total weighted-average shares basic Earnings Per Share basic Diluted earnings per share: Numerator: Allocation of total earnings used in basic computation Reallocation of total earnings as a result of conversion of Class B common stock to Common stock Reallocation of undistributed earnings ) ) ) Total earnings diluted Denominator (shares in thousands): Number of shares used in basic computation Weighted-average effect of dilutive securities: Conversion of Class B common stock to Common shares outstanding Employee stock options Performance and restricted stock units Total weighted-average shares diluted Earnings Per Share diluted 
 The earnings per share calculations for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 excluded , and stock options (in thousands), respectively, that would have been antidilutive. 
 Table of Contents 
 The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 92 

THE HERSHEY COMPANY 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (amounts in thousands, except share data or if otherwise indicated) 

 17. 
 
 Non-service cost components of net periodic benefit cost relating to pension and other post-retirement benefit plans (see Note 11 
 Other (income) expense, net ) Total 

18. 
 acres of land located in Hershey, Pennsylvania, together with portions of a building located on the land. Additionally, in June 2022, the Company entered into a Donation Agreement with Hershey Trust Company, as trustee for The M.S. Hershey Foundation, pursuant to which the Company agreed to donate a portion of the building concurrently with the closing of the Purchase Agreement. The sale and donation transactions closed in June 2022. Total proceeds from the sale were approximately (net of transaction and closing costs), resulting in a loss of , which was recorded in the SM A expense caption within the Consolidated Statements of Income. The fair values of the disposed assets were supported by a proposed sales price submitted by a third-party buyer received prior to executing the Purchase Agreement. 
 
 Stock Purchase Agreements 
 In February 2023 and February 2022, the Company entered into Stock Purchase Agreements with Hershey Trust Company, as trustee for the School Trust, pursuant to which the Company purchased shares of its Common Stock from the School Trust (see Note 14 ). 
 
 Table of Contents 
 The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 93 

THE HERSHEY COMPANY 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (amounts in thousands, except share data or if otherwise indicated) 

 19. 
 Goods in process Finished goods Inventories at FIFO Adjustment to LIFO ) ) Total inventories Prepaid expenses and other: Prepaid expenses Other current assets Total prepaid expenses and other Property, plant and equipment: Land Buildings Machinery and equipment Construction in progress Property, plant and equipment, gross Accumulated depreciation ) ) Property, plant and equipment, net Other non-current assets: Pension Capitalized software, net Operating lease ROU assets Investments in unconsolidated affiliates Other non-current assets Total other non-current assets Accrued liabilities: Payroll, compensation and benefits Advertising, promotion and product allowances Operating lease liabilities Other Total accrued liabilities Other long-term liabilities: Post-retirement benefits liabilities Pension benefits liabilities Operating lease liabilities Other Total other long-term liabilities Accumulated other comprehensive loss: Foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) Pension and post-retirement benefit plans, net of tax ) ) Cash flow hedges, net of tax ) ) Total accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) 
 
 Table of Contents 
 The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 94 

Item 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 None. 

Item 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 The Company s management, with the participation of the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act ), as of December 31, 2022. Based on that evaluation, the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Design and Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Disclosure controls and procedures are controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the Company s reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the Company s reports filed under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management, including the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Management s report on the Company s internal control over financial reporting appears on the following page. There were no changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting during the fourth quarter of 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 We rely extensively on information systems and technology to manage our business and summarize operating results. We are in the process of a multi-year implementation of a new global enterprise resource planning ERP system, which will replace our existing operating and financial systems. The ERP system is designed to accurately maintain the Company s financial records, enhance operational functionality and provide timely information to the Company s management team related to the operation of the business. The implementation is expected to occur in phases over the next several years. During the third quarter of 2022, we completed the implementation of our new ERP system for one operating segment which is included in our International segment. The portion of the transition to the new ERP system which we have completed to date did not result in significant changes in our internal control over financial reporting. However, as the next phases of the updated processes are rolled out in connection with the ERP implementation, we will give appropriate consideration to whether these process changes necessitate changes in the design of and testing for effectiveness of internal controls over financial reporting. 
 Table of Contents 
 The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 95 

MANAGEMENT S ANNUAL REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING 
 The management of The Hershey Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). The Company s internal control system was designed to provide reasonable assurance to the Company s management and Board of Directors regarding the preparation and fair presentation of published financial statements. 
 All internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. 
 The Company s management, including the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, the Company s management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013 edition) . Based on this assessment, management concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, the Company s internal control over financial reporting was effective based on those criteria. 
 The Company s independent auditors have audited, and reported on, the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. 

Item 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 None. 

Item 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 None. 
 
 Table of Contents 
 The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 96 

PART III 
 Item 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE. 
 The information regarding executive officers of the Company required by Item 401 of SEC Regulation S-K is incorporated herein by reference from the disclosure included under the caption Supplemental Item. Information About Out Executive Officers at the end of Part I of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 The information required by Item 401 of SEC Regulation S-K concerning the directors and nominees for director of the Company, together with a discussion of the specific experience, qualifications, attributes and skills that led the Board to conclude that the director or nominee should serve as a director at this time, will be located in the Proxy Statement in the section entitled Proposal No. 1 Election of Directors, which information is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Information regarding the identification of the Audit Committee as a separately-designated standing committee of the Board and information regarding the status of one or more members of the Audit Committee as an audit committee financial expert will be located in the Proxy Statement in the section entitled Corporate Governance Committees of the Board, which information is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Information regarding our Code of Conduct applicable to our directors, officers and employees is located in Part I of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, under the heading Available Information. 
 
 Item 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION. 
 Information regarding the compensation of each of our named executive officers, including our Chief Executive Officer that is required by this Item 11 will be located in the Proxy Statement in the section entitled Compensation Discussion Analysis and is incorporated herein by reference. Information regarding the compensation of our directors will be located in the Proxy Statement in the section entitled Non-Employee Director Compensation, which information is incorporated herein by reference. 
 The information required by Item 407(e)(4) of SEC Regulation S-K will be located in the Proxy Statement in the section entitled Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation, which information is incorporated herein by reference. 
 The information required by Item 407(e)(5) of SEC Regulation S-K will be located in the Proxy Statement in the section entitled Compensation Committee Report, which information is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Item 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS. 
 Information concerning ownership of our voting securities by certain beneficial owners, individual nominees for director, the named executive officers, including persons serving as our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, and directors and executive officers as a group, will be located in the Proxy Statement in the section entitled Share Ownership of Directors, Management and Certain Beneficial Owners, which information is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Information regarding all of the Company s equity compensation plans will be located in the Proxy Statement in the section entitled Compensation Committee Report Equity Compensation Plan Information, which information is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Table of Contents 
 The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 97 

Item 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE. 
 Information regarding transactions with related persons will be located in the Proxy Statement in the section entitled Certain Transactions and Relationships, which information is incorporated herein by reference. Information regarding director independence will be located in the Proxy Statement in the section entitled Corporate Governance Director Independence, which information is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Item 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES. 
 Information regarding Principal Accounting Fees and Services, including the policy regarding pre-approval of audit and non-audit services performed by our Company s independent auditors, will be located in the Proxy Statement in the section entitled Information about Our Independent Auditors, which information is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Table of Contents 
 The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 98 

PART IV 
 Item 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 Item 15(a)(1): Financial Statements 
 The audited consolidated financial statements of The Hershey Company and its subsidiaries and the Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm thereon, as required to be filed, are located under Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Item 15(a)(2): Financial Statement Schedule 
 Schedule II Valuation and Qualifying Accounts for The Hershey Company and its subsidiaries for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 is filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K as required by Item 15(c). 
 We omitted other schedules because they are not applicable or the required information is set forth in the consolidated financial statements or notes thereto. 
 Item 15(a)(3): Exhibits 
 The following exhibits are filed as part of, or incorporated by reference into, this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 EXHIBIT INDEX Exhibit Number Description 3.1 
 The Company s Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as amended, is incorporated by reference from Exhibit 3 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended April 3, 2005. 
 3.2 
 The Company s By-laws, as amended and restated as of February 21, 2017, are incorporated by reference from Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018. 
 4.1 The Company has issued certain long-term debt instruments, no one class of which creates indebtedness exceeding 10 of the total assets of the Company and its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis. These classes consist of the following: 
 1) 2.625 Notes due 2023 
 2) 3.375 Notes due 2023 
 3) 2.050 Notes due 2024 
 4) 0.900 Notes due 2025 
 5) 3.200 Notes due 2025 
 6) 2.300 Notes due 2026 
 7) 7.200 Debentures due 2027 
 8) 2.450 Notes due 2029 
 9) 1.700 Notes due 2030 
 10) 3.375 Notes due 2046 
 11) 3.125 Notes due 2049 
 12) 2.650 Notes due 2050 
 13) Other Obligations The Company undertakes to furnish copies of the agreements governing these debt instruments to the Securities and Exchange Commission upon its request. 4.2 
 The Company s Description of Common Stock and Class B Common Stock registered under Section 12 of the Exchange Act. 
 10.1(a) Kit Kat and Rolo License Agreement (the License Agreement between the Company and Rowntree Mackintosh Confectionery Limited is incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10(a) to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1980. # 
 
 Table of Contents 
 The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 99 

10.1(b) Amendment to the License Agreement is incorporated by reference from Exhibit 19 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended July 3, 1988. # 
 10.1(c) Assignment of the License Agreement by Rowntree Mackintosh Confectionery Limited to Soci t des Produits Nestl SA as of January 1, 1990 is incorporated by reference from Exhibit 19 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1990. # 
 10.2 Peter Paul/York Domestic Trademark Technology License Agreement between the Company and Cadbury Schweppes Inc. (now Kraft Foods Ireland Intellectual Property Limited) dated August 25, 1988, is incorporated by reference from Exhibit 2(a) to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated September 8, 1988. # 
 10.3 Cadbury Trademark Technology License Agreement between the Company and Cadbury Limited (now Cadbury UK Limited) dated August 25, 1988, is incorporated by reference from Exhibit 2(a) to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated September 8, 1988. # 
 10.4(a) 
 Trademark and Technology License Agreement between Huhtam ki (now Iconic IP Interests, LLC) and the Company dated December 30, 1996, is incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed February 26, 1997. 
 10.4(b) 
 Amended and Restated Trademark and Technology License Agreement between Huhtam ki (now Iconic IP Interests, LLC) and the Company is incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1999. 
 10.5 
 Five Year Credit Agreement dated as of July 2, 2019, among the Company and the banks, financial institutions and other institutional lenders listed on the respective signature pages thereof Lenders ), Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent for the Lenders, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., Citibank, N.A. and PNC Bank, National Association, as syndication agents, Royal Bank of Canada, as documentation agent, and BofA Securities, Inc., JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., Citibank, N.A., PNC Capital Markets LLC and RBC Capital Markets, as joint lead arrangers and joint book managers, is incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed July 2, 2019 . 
 10.6 
 Stock Purchase Agreement, dated February 14, 2022, between Milton Hershey School Trust, by its trustee, Hershey Trust Company, and The Hershey Company, is incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed February 16, 2022. 
 10. 7 
 Am ended and Restated Master S upply Agreement between the Company and Barry Callebaut, AG, dated August 31 , 20 21 . 
 10. 8 
 The Company s Equity and Incentive Compensation Plan, amended and restated February 22, 2011, and approved by our stockholders on April 28, 2011, is incorporated by reference from Appendix B to the Company s proxy statement filed March 15, 2011. + 
 10. 9 a 
 Form of Notice of Award of Restricted Stock Units (February 22, 2017 - February 25, 2019 version) is incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended April 2, 2017. + 
 10. 9 b 
 Form of Notice of Award of Restricted Stock Units (February 26, 2019 - February 22, 2021 version) is incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2019. + 
 10. 9 c 
 Form of Notice of Award of Restricted Stock Units (effective February 23, 2021) is incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended April 4, 2021. + 
 10. 9 d 
 Form of Notice of Award of Restricted Stock Units (3-year vest, effective February 23, 2021) is incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended April 4, 2021. + 
 10.1 0 a 
 Form of Notice of Special Award of Restricted Stock Units (pro-rata vest, February 22, 2017 - February 25, 2019 version) is incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.2(a) to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended April 2, 2017. + 
 10.1 0 b 
 Form of Notice of Special Award of Restricted Stock Units (pro-rata vest, February 26, 2019 - February 22, 2021 version) is incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2019. + 
 10.1 0 c 
 Form of Notice of Special Award of Restricted Stock Units (pro-rata vest, effective February 23, 2021) is incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended April 4, 2021. + 
 10.1 0 d 
 Form of Notice of Special Award of Restricted Stock Units (3-year cliff vest, February 22, 2017 - February 25, 2019 version) is incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.2(b) to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended April 2, 2017. + 
 10.1 0 f 
 Form of Notice of Special Award of Restricted Stock Units (3-year cliff vest, effective February 26, 2019) is incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2019. + 
 
 Table of Contents 
 The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 100 

10.1 1 (a) 
 Terms and Conditions of Nonqualified Stock Option Awards under the Equity and Incentive Compensation Plan (pre-February 15, 2016 version) is incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed February 24, 2012. + 
 10.1 1 (b) 
 Terms and Conditions of Nonqualified Stock Option Awards under the Equity and Incentive Compensation Plan (February 15, 2016 - February 21, 2017 version) is incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.12(b) to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016. + 
 10.1 1 (c) 
 Terms and Conditions of Nonqualified Stock Option Awards under the Equity and Incentive Compensation Plan (February 22, 2017 - February 25, 2019 version) is incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended April 2, 2017. + 
 10.1 1 (d) 
 Terms and Conditions of Nonqualified Stock Option Awards under the Equity and Incentive Compensation Plan (February 26, 2019 - February 22, 2021 version) is incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2019. + 
 10.1 1 (e) 
 Terms and Conditions of Nonqualified Stock Option Awards under the Equity and Incentive Compensation Plan (effective February 23, 2021) is incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended April 4, 2021. + 
 10.1 2 a 
 Form of Notice of Award of Performance Stock Units (February 22, 2017 - February 25, 2019 version) is incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended April 2, 2017. + 
 10.1 2 b 
 Form of Notice of Award of Performance Stock Units (February 26, 2019 - February 22, 2021 version) is incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2019. + 
 10.1 2 c 
 Form of Notice of Award of Performance Stock Units (effective February 23, 2021) is incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended April 4, 2021. + 
 10.1 3 (a) 
 Form of Notice of Special Award of Performance Stock Units (February 22, 2017 - February 22, 2021 version) is incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed May 5, 2017. + 
 10.1 3 (b) 
 Form of Notice of Special Award of Performance Stock Units (effective February 23, 2021) is incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.6 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended April 4, 2021. + 
 10.1 4 
 The Long-Term Incentive Program Participation Agreement is incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed February 18, 2005. + 
 10.1 5 
 The Company s Deferred Compensation Plan, Amended and Restated as of June 27, 2012, is incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended July 1, 2012. + 
 10.1 6 (a) 
 The Company s Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan, Amended and Restated as of October 2, 2007, is incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.6 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2007. + 
 10.1 6 (b) 
 First Amendment to the Company s Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan, Amended and Restated as of October 2, 2007, is incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2008. + 
 10.1 7 
 The Company s Compensation Limit Replacement Plan, Amended and Restated as of January 1, 2009, is incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.6 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2008. + 
 10.1 8 
 The Company s Executive Benefits Protection Plan (Group 3A), Amended and Restated as of June 27, 2012, is incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended July 1, 2012. + 
 10. 19 
 The Company s Executive Benefits Protection Plan (Group 3), Amended and Restated as of June 27, 2012, is incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.18 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015. + 
 10.2 0 (a) 
 Employee Confidentiality and Restrictive Covenant Agreement, amended as of February 18, 2013, is incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2013. + 
 10.2 0 (b) 
 Employee Confidentiality and Restrictive Covenant Agreement, amended as of October 10, 2016, is incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.21(b) to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016. + 
 10.2 0 (c) 
 Employee Confidentiality and Restrictive Covenant Agreement, amended as of September 8, 2021, is incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended October 4, 2021. + 
 
 Table of Contents 
 The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 101 

10.2 1 
 Executive Employment Agreement, effective as of March 1, 2017, by and between the Company and Michele G. Buck is incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed February 24, 2017. + 
 10.2 2 
 The Company s Directors Compensation Plan, Amended and Restated as of December 2, 2008, is incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.8 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2008. + 
 21.1 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant. 
 23.1 
 Consent of Ernst Young LLP. 
 31.1 
 Certification of Michele G. Buck, Chief Executive Officer, pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.2 
 Certification of Steven E. Voskuil, Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.1 
 Certification of Michele G. Buck, Chief Executive Officer, and Steven E. Voskuil, Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101.INS 
 XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101.SCH 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 
 101.CAL 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase 
 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase 
 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase 
 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase 
 104 The cover page from the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, formatted in Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101. 
 Filed herewith 
 Furnished herewith 
 + Management contract, compensatory plan or arrangement 
 Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(10)(iv) of Regulation S-K # Pursuant to Instruction 1 to Regulation S-T Rule 105(d), no hyperlink is required for any exhibit incorporated by reference that has not been filed with the SEC in electronic format 

Item 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 None. 
 Table of Contents 
 The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 102 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Company has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, this 17th day of February, 2023. 
 THE HERSHEY COMPANY (Registrant) By: /s/ STEVEN E. VOSKUIL Steven E. Voskuil Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Company and in the capacities and on the date indicated. 
 Signature 
 Title 
 Date /s/ MICHELE G. BUCK Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer February 17, 2023 Michele G. Buck (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ STEVEN E. VOSKUIL Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer February 17, 2023 Steven E. Voskuil (Principal Financial Officer) /s/ JENNIFER L. MCCALMAN Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer February 17, 2023 Jennifer L. McCalman (Principal Accounting Officer) /s/ ANTHONY J. PALMER Lead Independent Director February 17, 2023 Anthony J. Palmer /s/ PAMELA M. ARWAY Director February 17, 2023 Pamela M. Arway /s/ JAMES W. BROWN Director February 17, 2023 James W. Brown /s/ VICTOR L. CRAWFORD Director February 17, 2023 Victor L. Crawford /s/ ROBERT M. DUTKOWSKY Director February 17, 2023 Robert M. Dutkowsky /s/ MARY KAY HABEN Director February 17, 2023 Mary Kay Haben /s/ JAMES C. KATZMAN Director February 17, 2023 James C. Katzman /s/ M. DIANE KOKEN Director February 17, 2023 M. Diane Koken /s/ ROBERT M. MALCOLM Director February 17, 2023 Robert M. Malcolm /s/ JUAN R. PEREZ Director February 17, 2023 Juan R. Perez /s/ WENDY L. SCHOPPERT Director February 17, 2023 Wendy L. Schoppert 
 
 Table of Contents 
 The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 103 

THE HERSHEY COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 ) Valuation allowance on net deferred taxes (b) ) Inventory obsolescence reserve (c) ) Total allowances deducted from assets ) For the year ended December 31, 2021 
 Allowances deducted from assets Accounts receivable trade, net (a) ) Valuation allowance on net deferred taxes (b) ) Inventory obsolescence reserve (c) ) Total allowances deducted from assets ) For the year ended December 31, 2020 
 Allowances deducted from assets Accounts receivable trade, net (a) ) Valuation allowance on net deferred taxes (b) ) Inventory obsolescence reserve (c) ) Total allowances deducted from assets ) 
 
 (a) Includes allowances for doubtful accounts, anticipated discounts and write-offs of uncollectible accounts receivable. 
 (b) Includes adjustments to the valuation allowance for deferred tax assets that we do not expect to realize, as well as the release of valuation allowances. 
 (c) Includes adjustments to the inventory reserve, transfers, disposals and write-offs of obsolete inventory. 

Table of Contents 
 The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 104 

<EX-10.7>
 2
 hsy_20221231exhibit107.htm
 MASTER SUPPLY AGREEMENT

Document 
 Exhibit 10.7 
 FINAL 

 Certain identified information has been excluded from the exhibit because it is both (i) not material and (ii) is the type of information that the registrant treats as private or confidential. Double asterisks denote omissions. 

AMENDED AND RESTATED 
 MASTER SUPPLY AGREEMENT 
 
 Between 

THE HERSHEY COMPANY 
 and 

BARRY CALLEBAUT AG 
 Dated this 31st day of August 2021 

FINAL 
 AUGUST 31, 2021 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page 1. DEFINITIONS 2 2. TERMINATION OF RELATED AGREEMENTS 9 3. SUPPLY OF PRODUCTS 9 4. STEERING COMMITTEE 31 5. STANDARDS FOR PERFORMANCE 31 6. NON-COMPETE AGREEMENT 32 7. NON-SOLICITATION 32 8. CONFIDENTIALITY 32 9. TERM 35 10. TERMINATION 36 11. INDEPENDENT CONTRACTORS 38 12. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 38 13. CODE OF CONDUCT 41 14. INDEMNIFICATION 41 15. NON-EXCLUSIVITY 44 16. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY 44 17. NOTICE 47 18. NO WAIVER 47 19. ASSIGNMENTS 47 20. GOVERNING LAW 48 21. RIGHTS AND REMEDIES CUMULATIVE 48 22. RECEIPT OF DOCUMENTS 48 23. REVIEW OF AGREEMENT 48 
 
 i 

FINAL 
 AUGUST 31, 2021 

 24. CONSTRUCTION 48 25. ENTIRE AGREEMENT AND HEADINGS 48 26. CONFLICTING TERMS 49 27. PREPRINTED TERMS NO COURSE OF DEALING 49 28. BINDING EFFECT 49 29. SEVERABILITY 49 30. SURVIVAL 49 31. EXECUTED IN COUNTERPARTS 49 
 
 EXHIBITS 
 Exhibit A Product Categories 
 Exhibit B Quality 
 B-1 Quality Specifications 
 B-2 Review of Compliance with Quality Policies and Standards 
 Exhibit C Transfer Prices and Pricing for Ingredients, Packaging, Tolling Fee, Established Yields 
 
 C-1 Base Tolling Fees 
 
 Exhibit D Facility Addenda 
 
 D-1 Robinson, Illinois 
 D-2 Monterrey, M xico 
 
 Exhibit E Insurance Requirements 
 Exhibit F Hershey Competitors 
 Exhibit G Non-Compete Agreement 

ii 

FINAL 
 AUGUST 31, 2021 

 Exhibit H Key Performance Indicators 
 Exhibit I Transition Services 
 Exhibit J Code of Conduct 
 Exhibit K Data Security Addendum 
 Exhibit L New Products 
 
 iii 

FINAL 
 AUGUST 31, 2021 

 AMENDED AND RESTATED MASTER SUPPLY AGREEMENT 
 This AMENDED AND RESTATED MASTER SUPPLY AGREEMENT (this Agreement is entered into this 31 st day of August, 2021 (the Effective Date ). 
 BETWEEN 
 THE HERSHEY COMPANY , a corporation organized and existing under the laws of the State of Delaware, with a principal place of business at 19 E Chocolate Ave, Hershey, Pennsylvania 17033 (hereinafter individually referred to as Hershey or a Party ), 
 and 
 BARRY CALLEBAUT AG , a corporation organized and existing under the laws of Switzerland, with a principal place of business at Hardturmstrasse 181, 8500 Zurich, Switzerland (hereinafter individually referred to as Callebaut or a Party ). 
 Hershey and Callebaut may collectively be referred to herein as the Parties . 
 BACKGROUND 
 Hershey and Callebaut are Parties to the Master Innovation and Supply Agreement dated July 13, 2007, as amended by the First Amendment dated April 14, 2011, (collectively, the Original Master Agreement ). In connection with the Original Master Agreement, Hershey and Callebaut or their respective Affiliates executed the Global Supply Agreement dated July 13, 2007, (collectively, the Global Supply Agreement ), the Robinson Supply Agreement dated July 13, 2007, (collectively, the Robinson Supply Agreement ), the Monterrey Supply Agreement dated July 13, 2007 (the Monterrey Supply Agreement ), , the Product Development & Innovation Agreement dated July 13, 2007 and the Executive Summary thereto (the Development Agreement ), the Lease Agreement for the facility in Robinson, Illinois (the Robinson Lease ), the Lease Agreement for the facility in Monterrey, Mexico, (the Monterrey Lease ), . The Global Supply Agreement, Robinson Supply Agreement, Monterrey Supply Agreement, are collectively referred to as the Supply Agreements . The Robinson Lease and Monterrey Lease are collectively referred to as the Leases . The Supply Agreements, Leases and Development Agreement are collectively referred to as the Related Agreements . 
 . 
 
 The Original Master Agreement expires on December 31, 2022. The Parties desire to amend and restate the Original Master Agreement to extend the term and to reflect the amendments since the Original Master Agreement was executed and incorporate the agreed upon modifications to the terms of the Original Master Agreement and the Related Agreements, the terms of which will be collectively incorporated in this Agreement, as set forth below. 
 Confidential 1 of 215 

FINAL 
 AUGUST 31, 2021 

 1. DEFINITIONS 
 In addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Agreement, whenever used in this Agreement the following terms shall have the respective meanings set out below 
 Affiliate means any present or future company that, directly or indirectly, controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with Hershey or Callebaut, as applicable, provided that with respect to Callebaut the definition shall be limited to Barry Callebaut AG and its wholly-owned subsidiaries. For the sake of clarity, no Affiliate of Hershey is bound by the terms of this Agreement unless expressly stated in this Agreement, including with respect to the Lease for the Monterrey, Mexico Facility, Hershey s Affiliate, HERSMEX S. de R.L. de C.V., the landlord under such Lease. 
 Available Production Capacities means the available production capacities by Product-type for the Products , as mutually-agreed by the Parties after considering Product-type and timing of demand, that Callebaut will exercise Commercially Reasonable Efforts to satisfy throughout each calendar year of the Term commencing on the first full calendar year of the Agreement. The Available Production Capacities to meet the ongoing required volume will be evaluated as needed based on the then latest Forecasted Production Plan and Callebaut s rolling reported available production capacity by Product-type and the Parties will negotiate . 
 means . 
 Annual Plan Volume has the meaning set forth in Section 3.2.1. 
 means manufactured for retail or bulk supply identified in the then-current Product Profile for accessible via the Hershey Vendor Portal. 
 Base Tolling Fee means each of the base tolling fees set forth in Schedule C-1 to Exhibit C , subject to calculated as set forth in Schedule C-7 . 
 Business Day means any day other than a Saturday or Sunday or any other day which shall be a statutory or civic holiday or day on which banking institutions are closed in North America. 
 BOL has the meaning set forth in Section 3.11.2. 
 Certificate of Analysis means the certificate of analysis for each of the Products and Materials (excluding Materials manufactured by Hershey or any of its Affiliates) containing the information set forth in the Quality Specifications and Product Profiles. 
 Callebaut means the company identified in the introductory paragraph of this Agreement. 
 Callebaut Indemnitee has the meaning set forth in Section 14.2.1. 
 Callebaut Products means products independently developed and sold by Callebaut to its customers and which are sold to Hershey as Products under this Agreement. 
 Callebaut Raw Materials has the meaning set forth in Section 3.4.2(d)(i). 
 Confidential 2 of 215 

FINAL 
 AUGUST 31, 2021 

 Claim means all claims, demands, suits, actions, or other proceedings. 
 Cocoa Ingredient means cocoa liquor, cocoa butter and or cocoa powder. 
 Code of Conduct means, with respect to Hershey, The Hershey Company Supplier Code of Conduct, and with respect to Callebaut, the Callebaut Supplier Code and the Callebaut Employee Code of Conduct, . 
 
 Commercially Reasonable Efforts means . 
 
 Confidential Information has the meaning set forth in Section 8.1. 
 Effective Date has the meaning set forth in the Preamble. 
 means the manufactured for retail or bulk supply identified in the then-current Product Profile for accessible via the Hershey Vendor Portal. 
 Established Yield means the waste, loss and or overweight allowance for certain of the Materials used to produce each Product. 
 Excess Inventory means any Products or Materials that become excess or obsolete due to (a) changes in the Quality Specifications, (b) Callebaut ordering more Materials than required to meet the Forecasted Production Plan (provided such surplus order was approved by Hershey), (c) incorrect forecasting by Hershey, (d) Hershey s discontinuation of a Product, or (e) Hershey s revocation of its approval of a supplier of Materials except, with respect to Callebaut Raw Materials, where such revocation is due to the Callebaut Raw Materials failing to meet the Quality Specifications or the supplier failing to comply with Callebaut s supplier Code of Conduct. 
 Exhibit and Exhibits means Exhibits A-L described in the Table of Contents of this Agreement, including the sub-Exhibits attached thereto, each of which is incorporated by reference in this Agreement as if fully set forth herein. The Exhibits may be amended from time to time as agreed by the Parties in writing. 
 Expiration Date means the date that the Term of this Agreement expires, as set forth in the Section 9.1. 
 Facility and Facilities means each and all manufacturing facilities owned or leased by Callebaut that are used to manufacture the Products as set forth in the Exhibit D and as further described in each Facility Addendum. 
 Facility Addendum (and, collectively, the Facility Addenda means the addendum attached to this Agreement as Exhibit D , with each Facility Addendum attached to Exhibit D as Schedule D-1 through D-9 . 
 has the meaning set forth in Section 3.4.4. 
 Force Majeure Event means any acts of God, war, flood, drought, earthquake, fire, explosion, hurricane, tornado, , omissions or impositions by local, state, provincial, federal or national 
 Confidential 3 of 215 

FINAL 
 AUGUST 31, 2021 

 government authorities, or any similar causes beyond the affected Party s reasonable control, whether and which by exercise of reasonable diligence could not have been prevented by such Party provided, that such occurrence is not intentional or deliberately done or brought about for the purposes of excusing performance under the Agreement and provided further that any adverse financial condition or financial inability of the affected Party, absent the occurrence of an event listed above, will not constitute a Force Majeure Event. 
 Forecasted Production Plan means a rolling estimate provided by Hershey to Callebaut identifying by Product the quantity of each Product Hershey may order or require from Callebaut during such period. 
 Governmental or Regulatory Authority means any court, tribunal, arbitrator, authority, agency, commission, official or other instrumentality of the United States (including, without limitation, the United States Food and Drug Administration, the United States Public Health Service, and the United States Department of Agriculture), any foreign country (including, without limitation, Mexico s Ministry of Health and the Canadian Food Inspection Agency), or any domestic or foreign state, commonwealth, county, city, village, town or other subdivision. 
 Hershey Indemnitee has the meaning set forth in Section 14.1.1. 
 Hershey Marks means Hershey trademarks, service marks, names, identifying symbols, logos, tag lines, domain names, URLs or any other indicia of origin related to, owned by, used or associated with Hershey or its Affiliates or the goodwill thereof. 
 Hershey Raw Materials has the meaning set forth in Section 3.4.2(d)(i). 
 Hershey Vendor Portal means . 
 Incoterms means the Incoterms 2020, ICC Rules for the Use of Domestic and International Trade Terms, published by the International Chamber of Commerce, or as may be updated from time to time. 
 Intellectual Property means all intellectual property throughout the world, including all (a) inventions (whether or not patentable), discoveries, improvements, and designs, in each case whether or not protectable under patent laws, patents and patent applications, including reissues, divisions, continuations, continuations in part, renewals, extensions and reexaminations thereof, (b) trade names, corporate names and other names, trademarks, service marks, trade dress, logos, symbols, graphics, and other similar designations of source and all goodwill associated with the foregoing, any and all common law rights therein, and registrations and applications for registration thereof and reissues, extensions and renewals of any of the foregoing, (c) copyrights and copyrightable works, (d) confidential or proprietary information (including trade secrets and Confidential Information), processes and methods (including manufacturing), formulae, algorithms, ideas, and know how, (e) rights of publicity, privacy, and rights to personal information, and (f) all rights in the foregoing and in other similar intangible assets, including designs. 
 Intermediate Ingredients and Finished Products means those products that are manufactured, produced, packaged and labeled . 
 Confidential 4 of 215 

FINAL 
 AUGUST 31, 2021 

 Laws means all statutes, rules, regulations, orders, guidelines, ordinances, and other pronouncements having legal effect in the United States, any foreign country, or any domestic or foreign state, commonwealth, province, county, city, town, village, or other political subdivisions, or of any Governmental or Regulatory Authority, including without limitation laws applicable to manufacturing activities related to food and drugs, including without limitation the U.S. Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act, the Food Safety Modernization Act and Current Good Manufacturing Practices, and all manufacturing, safety and remediation standards, together with all rules, regulations and guides promulgated under any such laws and any directives issued by any Governmental or Regulatory Authority. 
 Lease means a lease agreement between Hershey and Callebaut for Callebaut s access and use of the Facility land and or premises for Callebaut s performance of the Services described in this Agreement and the applicable Facility Addendum. Where Hershey and Callebaut have entered into a Lease, such Lease is attached to the applicable Facility Addendum and incorporated by reference therein. 
 Loss or Losses means all damages, losses, judgments, payments made in settlement, liabilities, fines, penalties, assessments, costs, and expenses, including without limitation reasonable attorneys fees, disbursements, court costs, and all other costs of litigation or defending a Claim. 
 Materials means all ingredients, flavors, blends, mixes and raw materials, together with the packaging materials and all other materials used in manufacturing, producing and or packaging of the Products. Materials includes the Hershey Raw Materials and Callebaut Raw Materials. 
 Materials Cost means Callebaut s landed cost of the Materials (where landed cost is Callebaut s purchase price for the Materials, plus the costs incurred in delivering the Materials to the Facility(ies)) and in bringing the Materials into condition for use at the point of manufacture. Landed cost includes, but is not limited to, . 
 means . 
 Monterrey Facility Addendum is attached to this Agreement as Schedule D-2 to Exhibit D and in such Schedule D-2 . 
 Monterrey Lease means the Lease attached to Schedule D-2 as Attachment D-2.1 and incorporated by reference therein. 
 has the meaning set forth in Section 13. 
 New Callebaut Innovation Product means a product that is developed independently by Callebaut for introduction to the market generally. 
 means . 
 New Products has the meaning set forth in Section 16.11. 
 Nonconforming Products has the meaning set forth in Section 12.3.7. 
 Confidential 5 of 215 

FINAL 
 AUGUST 31, 2021 

 North America means the United States, Canada and Mexico. 
 Operating Assets means the equipment, furniture, and fixtures that Callebaut owns or leases, or must acquire and related modifications to the Facility, in each case that Callebaut must obtain deploy or complete to perform the Services with respect to the Products. 
 Order means a purchase order (PO), stock transport order (STO), or some as uniquely defined in Monterrey s and Robinson s Facility Addenda submitted to Callebaut by Hershey or its Affiliates authorized by Hershey to purchase Products pursuant to the terms of this Agreement. 
 means the manufactured for retail or bulk supply identified in the then-current Product Profile accessible via the Hershey Vendor Portal. 
 Facility Addendum is attached to this Agreement as Schedule D-3 to Exhibit D and in such Schedule D-3 . 
 Person includes natural persons, partnerships, firms, and other unincorporated bodies, corporate bodies, and all other legal persons however constituted. 
 Product or Products means the , and any other products or Product Categories, as set forth on Exhibit A of this Agreement, manufactured in accordance with the then-current Product Profiles established by Hershey and accessible via the Hershey Vendor Portal. 
 Product Categories means and Intermediate Ingredients and Finished Products. 
 Product Portfolio Extension means a product that is comparable to one or more Products, which Hershey would like to add to the portfolio of Products manufactured by Callebaut. 
 Product Profile means the Quality Specifications established by Hershey and the Product Recipe for each Product in each Product Category. The Product Profiles are accessible via the Hershey Vendor Portal and may be amended by the Parties from time to time in writing. 
 Product Recipe means the formulation for each Product documented by Callebaut and approved by Hershey using the Product Quality Specifications (PQS), . The Product Recipe for each Product is maintained by Callebaut in the Recipe Book and is accessible via the Hershey Vendor Portal. 
 Production Lot means (i) for not to exceed of production (ii) for limited to or a maximum of of production (iii) for not to exceed and (iv) for Intermediate Ingredients and Finished Products for purposes of quality and regulatory lot trace checks (e.g. net weights) a shift s production following Hershey s coding format or Callebaut s coding format in select instances. A production shift can last up . 
 Quality Expectations means the standards and specifications applicable to Callebaut s performance of the Services and supply of all Products under this Agreement, as described in Exhibit B of this Agreement, attached hereto and incorporated by reference herein, and as may be amended by Hershey from time to time. 
 Confidential 6 of 215 

FINAL 
 AUGUST 31, 2021 

 Quality Manuals means Hershey s Co-Manufacturing Co-Packaging Quality Manual and Hershey s Partners in Quality Supplier Quality Expectations Manual. 
 Quality Specifications means the following as set forth in the Hershey Vendor Portal (a) Product Quality Specifications (PQS), (b) (c) Quality Standards and Tolerances (d) , (e) Packaging and Load Integrity Specifications, (f) the , and (g) any additional product or packaging requirements, as communicated by Hershey to Callebaut from time to time and subject to the review procedures set forth in Section 3.1.3. 
 Recall has the meaning set forth in Section 3.10.8. 
 Records has the meaning set forth in Section 3.14.1. 
 Relationship Manager has the meaning set forth in Section 5.1. 
 Representative(s) means, with respect to a Person, any of such Person s Affiliates and any of its or their respective directors, officers, members, employees, agents, or advisors. 
 Robinson Facility Addendum is attached to this Agreement as Schedule D-1 to Exhibit D and in such Schedule D-1 . 
 Robinson Lease means the Lease attached to Schedule D-1 as Attachment D-1.1 and incorporated by reference therein. 
 has the meaning set forth in Section 3.2.1. 
 Seizure means any action by any Governmental Authority to take possession of a Product. 
 Semester has the meaning set forth in Section 3.4.2(d)(ii). 
 Services means manufacturing Products in accordance with Quality Specifications and performing those services that Callebaut will perform for Hershey pursuant to this Agreement and as may be further described in the Exhibits hereto. 
 means . 
 Steering Committee has the meaning set forth in Section 4. 
 Subcontractor means any third party that performs all or part of a Party s obligations under this Agreement. 
 Taxes means all taxes, charges, fees, imposts, levies and other assessments imposed by any federal, state, provincial or local government authority, including, without limitation, net income, capital, sales, use, ad valorem, transfer taxes, value added tax, personal, franchise, profits, inventory, gross receipts, license, excise, tariff and withholding, payroll, employment, social security, unemployment, fees and taxes for the privilege of doing business, severance, stamp, occupation, property, rollback and estimated taxes, customs duties, fees, assessments and other governmental charges of any kind whatsoever, together with all interest, penalties, fines, additions 
 Confidential 7 of 215 

FINAL 
 AUGUST 31, 2021 

 to tax or additional amounts imposed by any governmental or other taxing authority with respect to such amounts. Notwithstanding the foregoing, for purposes of the second sentence of Section 3.7.4 only, Taxes do not include any employment, income, property or similar taxes. 
 Term has the meaning set forth in Section 9.1. 
 Tolling Fee has the meaning set forth in Section 3.4.1. 
 means . 
 Transfer Price means the purchase price that Hershey will pay for each Product, as set forth in the applicable and further described in Section 3.4.1. 
 Transition Period means the date beginning on the earlier of (a) prior to the expiration of this Agreement or (b) either Party s notice of termination to the other Party, and ending following the effective date of expiration or termination. 
 Transition Services means the services to be provided by Callebaut during the Transition Period, as such services are further described in Exhibit I . 
 2. TERMINATION OF RELATED AGREEMENTS 
 On the Effective Date, the Original Master Agreement and Related Agreements, excluding the Leases, will terminate and have no further force or effect except for those provisions identified in this Agreement or that expressly or by their nature survive termination of the Related Agreements provided, where there are inconsistencies in such surviving provisions and the terms and conditions of this Agreement, then the terms and conditions of this Agreement will control. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, certain economic and operations planning terms (the Retained Terms will remain in effect until December 31, 2022, as further described in Schedule C-2 to Exhibit C , attached to this Agreement and incorporated by reference herein. Thereafter, on January 1, 2023 (the Commencement Date all terms of this Agreement, including without limitation as set forth in Exhibit C and Schedule C-3 , will be effective. . 
 In addition, the relating to the New Products will remain in effect in accordance with the terms of Section 16.11. 
 3. SUPPLY OF PRODUCTS 
 3.1. Production of Products 
 3.1.1. Callebaut will produce, package and deliver the Products for Hershey only at Callebaut s Facilities and from production lines identified in Exhibit D . Each Facility and production line must be approved for use by Hershey on a Product by Product basis. Callebaut shall produce the Products in accordance with the Product Profiles, including the Quality Specifications set forth in Exhibit B , attached to this Agreement and incorporated by reference herein and accessible via the Hershey Vendor Portal, and any additional terms set forth in each applicable Facility Addendum. The Parties may mutually agree to add or remove Facilities by 
 Confidential 8 of 215 

FINAL 
 AUGUST 31, 2021 

 entering into a new Facility Addendum (for added Facilities) and an agreed termination of a Facility Addendum (for removed Facilities). Each Facility Addendum will identify the following with regard to that Facility (a) the specific Products and the production lines that Callebaut is approved to manufacture and that Callebaut will manufacture (whether or not such manufacturing is planned) (b) (c) Hershey s rights, if any, to (d) a listing of Hershey Equipment located at the Facility (e) an executed Lease amendment attached to the Facility Addendum (with respect to the (f) any certification requirements specific to Products manufactured at each Facility (g) shared services, if any, and (h) all other Facility-specific terms, either existing or as may be added by the Parties in writing. 
 3.1.2. The Product Categories to be supplied by Callebaut to Hershey under this Agreement are described in Exhibit A and accessible on the Hershey Vendor Portal. The information contained in such Hershey Vendor Portal includes without limitation, with respect to each Product, the Materials (including the component ingredients and packaging materials related to the manufacturing of the Products at each Facility), the Product Profile, the Established Yield and Transfer Price for each Product. The Hershey Vendor Portal also contains the Product Recipe for each Product. Products may be added to this Agreement as mutually agreed by the Parties and may be deleted from this Agreement at Hershey s sole discretion, subject to the terms of Section 3.2.6. Products added to this Agreement and any proposed changes to existing Products must be within the then-current technical capabilities for performance of the Services at the applicable Facility. . The Tolling Fees for such Products will be determined in accordance with Section 3.4.1. 
 3.1.3. Callebaut acknowledges that the Quality Specifications may be revised upon prior written notice by Hershey, in its sole discretion, at any time during the term of this Agreement. The Parties agree to confer to (a) assess if the revision requires a change to a Product Recipe(s) (b) mutually agree to the reasonable time period necessary for implementation of the revision, and (c) assess if the revision is not feasible for Callebaut s current manufacturing capabilities, in which case the Parties will mutually agree on the appropriate course of action. . 
 3.1.4. All specifications for Materials used in the manufacture of Product will be entered and maintained by suppliers on the Callebaut Supplier Relationship Management Portal. Selected Hershey personnel will be granted access to the Callebaut Supplier Relationship Management Portal, as needed. 
 3.1.5. Callebaut agrees to manufacture Products existing at the Effective Date and any Products added pursuant to Section 3.1.2, (the Callebaut Equipment unless specified otherwise in this Agreement or in a Facility Addendum or otherwise in writing between the Parties. 
 3.2. Operations Planning 
 The Parties agree to plan the production of the Products in accordance with the following principles 
 3.2.1. On or before of each year during the Term, Hershey will provide to Callebaut the plan of the 12-month demand for the upcoming calendar year (January to December) by Product and Facility (the Annual Plan Volume ). The Annual Plan Volume does . Once 
 Confidential 9 of 215 

FINAL 
 AUGUST 31, 2021 

 agreed by the Parties, the Annual Plan Volume will be accessible via the Hershey Vendor Portal and will become effective on January 1 st of the subsequent year. for each Facility to be used by the Parties . Each will be subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement. The will provide the item number and the Transfer Price applicable to each Product in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and the applicable Facility Addendum and will be used by Hershey . 
 3.2.2. Each during the Term, Hershey will provide Callebaut with its Forecasted Production Plan of desired production of Products for the subsequent rolling period. Additionally, for all Facilities, Hershey will further identify via Orders, the daily shipments, inclusive of Saturdays, Sundays and non-business days if Hershey requires shipments on such days. Except as set forth in this Section 3.2 and in a Facility Addendum, such Forecasted Production Plan is . 
 3.2.3. Hershey from Callebaut (i) only the production of Paste Products reflected in the relevant Forecasted Production Plan for the Facilities for after such Forecasted Production Plan was received and the and (ii) the production of and Intermediate Ingredients and Finished Products reflected in the relevant Forecasted Production Plan. Except as set forth in this Section 3.2.3 and , Hershey will not be obligated to purchase from Callebaut any minimum volume of Products. 
 3.2.4. Callebaut s designated Representatives within the Facilities will plan the shipments outlined in each Forecasted Production Plan on a daily and or shift basis. 
 3.2.5. Callebaut will plan its production capacity such that it can satisfy both the Annual Plan Volume . Callebaut will supply Hershey s actual demand of Products, as set forth in the Orders issued by Hershey or its authorized Affiliates and accepted by Callebaut. . The Parties will confer at the time of delivery of the Annual Plan Volume and , and continually at the time of delivery Callebaut will supply Hershey s demand. In the event , or should Hershey need to change or modify demand within for Orders and within for and Orders, the Parties agree to undertake Commercially Reasonable Efforts to identify actions to remedy the constraints . 
 3.2.6. If Callebaut believes Products and or Materials in its inventory have become Excess Inventory, Callebaut will provide notice to Hershey within and provide such information and documentation related to the Excess Inventory as may be reasonably requested by Hershey to evaluate Callebaut s designation of the Products and Materials. Where the Parties mutually determine Products and or Materials constitute Excess Inventory, Hershey will be financially responsible for the Products or Materials in Excess Inventory on the date on which Products or Materials become Excess Inventory. , subject to the following conditions 
 (a) Callebaut will exercise Commercially Reasonable Efforts to minimize the financial impact to Hershey for the Excess Inventory, . The Parties will collaborate in good-faith in assessing the use of Excess Inventory of Materials pursuant to this Section 3.2.6(a). 
 Confidential 10 of 215 

FINAL 
 AUGUST 31, 2021 

 (b) under no circumstances will Hershey be responsible for Excess Inventory of Materials which, when ordered by Callebaut, represented more than a supply of the Materials (except with regard to production of promotion or one time Products, for which responsibility for Excess Inventory which will be mutually agreed by the Parties in writing), and 
 (c) notwithstanding (b) above, Callebaut may enter into supply contracts for Materials for a period of longer than (particularly where such longer term supply contracts are necessary to ensure uninterrupted supply of Products to Hershey) with the prior written approval from Hershey, and in such case, the Parties will agree in writing to Hershey s responsibility for any Excess Inventory of such Materials beyond the inventory described in (b). 
 Title and risk of loss of Excess Inventory will pass to Hershey upon Hershey s reimbursement to Callebaut in accordance with this Section 3.2.6. 
 3.2.7. Notwithstanding anything contained in this Section 3.2, subject to Callebaut s compliance with the Product Profiles, (including without limitation any new Products which may be added pursuant to Section 3.1.2), provided that the mix is reasonably comparable to the mix of liquid and solid Products existing as of the immediately preceding calendar year in the Term, produced at any Facility and ordered in quantities and time frames that can be commercially reasonably achieved. . 
 3.3. Continuity of Supply Business Interruption Planning Force Majeure 
 3.3.1 Continuity of Supply . To ensure continuity of supply of Products, the Parties may designate in Callebaut s manufacturing network for mutually agreed Product Hershey delivery plant combinations. The Products with assigned are identified in Exhibit D and may be amended by the Parties in writing from time to time. Callebaut s production of Products at any will be subject to the terms of this Agreement, including without limitation the Facility Addenda. 
 . 
 3.3.2. Business Interruption Planning . If during the Term, through no fault of Hershey, Callebaut is delayed or unable to deliver Products in accordance with the terms of this Agreement or any Facility Addendum, and provided such delay or inability is not due to a Force Majeure event in accordance with Section 3.3.3, . 
 3.3.3. Force Majeure . Without limiting the foregoing rights and obligations with respect to continuity of supply and business interruption planning, the failure or delay of either Party to perform any obligation under this Agreement by reason of Force Majeure will not be deemed to be a breach of this Agreement provided , the Party so prevented from complying herewith will (a) have provided notice of such event to the other Party (including an explanation of the Force Majeure and its cause and status), (b) have used reasonable diligence to avoid such Force Majeure or ameliorate its effects, (c) if the affected Party is Callebaut, have implemented any applicable business interruption plan, and (d) continue to take Commercially Reasonable Efforts to comply as fully as possible with the provisions of this Agreement. For the sake of clarity, 
 Confidential 11 of 215 

FINAL 
 AUGUST 31, 2021 

 epidemics or pandemics, raw material or labor shortages or strikes are not, in themselves, Force Majeure events provided that, the Parties acknowledge and agree that a Force Majeure event may result from an epidemic or pandemic (e.g., a general shelter in place or quarantine order in a jurisdiction where a Facility, or Hershey s manufacturing facilities is located or an approved supplier of a Party is located may cause raw material or labor shortages, provided the operations of such Facility, , Hershey manufacturing facility or approved supplier is not otherwise considered an essential service and not subject to such order). Notwithstanding the foregoing, , subject to Hershey approval, at the applicable Transfer Price for such . Where a Force Majeure event prevents Hershey from accepting delivery of Products at one of its manufacturing facilities, Callebaut will use Commercially Reasonable Efforts Hershey manufacturing facility. . If a Force Majeure event continues for a period of or longer, then the Party not affected by such Force Majeure event shall be entitled to terminate this Agreement at any time thereafter during which such Force Majeure is continuing. 
 3.4. Product Pricing and Procurement 
 3.4.1. The price to be paid by Hershey to Callebaut for the Products will be referred to as the Transfer Price , determined by . The Tolling Fee will include the applicable Base Tolling Fees set forth in Exhibit C , as further described below and in Schedule C-7 ). Callebaut shall provide Hershey with as further described below, and upon the Parties finalizing such Tolling Fee for each Product, it will be uploaded into the Hershey Vendor Portal. An example of the is set forth in Schedule C-6 to Exhibit C . 
 3.4.2. Hershey will pay Callebaut a Transfer Price as specified in the Hershey Vendor Portal for the Products, at costs to be established in accordance with the provisions of this Section 3.4 and the templates set forth in Exhibit C. Transfer Prices will be established no later than for the following calendar year (January through December), and as needed for new Products throughout the year, subject to the provisions of Section 3.4.2(d) below. Transfer Prices referenced in this Section 3.4.2 will be , as follows. 
 a. By of each year during the Term, and will be evaluated as of of each year. is set forth in Schedule C-7 to Exhibit C . 
 b. The for will be calculated will be calculated will be based on . In each instance, the from of the prior year will be used as the denominator and the for of the current year will be used as the numerator. 
 c. will be applied to the Base Tolling Fee for use commencing on January 1 st of the subsequent calendar year, as further described in Schedule C-7 to Exhibit C . The Parties will work cooperatively in good faith to minimize the impact of any . 
 d. Hershey and Callebaut agree to establish and the corresponding included in the Transfer Prices as follows 
 (i) By the following delivery of the Annual Plan Volume, Hershey and Callebaut will review the estimated volumes of Materials which will be required to produce the Annual Plan Volume for each Product for the upcoming calendar year. . The Parties agree that , one of the following methods will be used 
 Confidential 12 of 215 

FINAL 
 AUGUST 31, 2021 

 (A) 
 (B) or 
 (C) . 
 
 . At any time during production, Hershey may require Callebaut to change , subject to fulfillment and consumption of Callebaut may have made to , provided that such are not inconsistent with the then-current Forecasted Production Plan issued by Hershey. 
 
 ii. By the following the delivery of the Annual Plan Volume to Callebaut by Hershey, Hershey will provide Callebaut and Callebaut will provide Hershey necessary to establish yearlong pricing for each Product. Callebaut also will provide substantiating documentation for any year-end adjustments necessary to expected to be on hand at the end of December. . If the Parties reach an agreement on the , Callebaut will use that in its calculation of Transfer Prices to Hershey for the . 
 iii. Each year during the Term, prior to , Callebaut will have entered all agreed upon into and will provide Hershey with Transfer Prices for each Product by appropriate unit of measure (e.g., case, pound). 
 iv. Transfer Prices in accordance with this Agreement for a period of one year (January December). These Transfer Prices will be used in the and will be subject to change , except in the case of a agreed by both Parties. The Parties agree to work cooperatively in good faith to minimize changes to Transfer Prices during . 
 v. If Products are added during the year, Hershey and Callebaut will create Transfer Prices by unit of measure following in this Section 3.4 and Exhibit C (defined below) at least prior to commencement of production of such new Products. 
 vi. In the event that a change in the Product Profile results in an increase or decrease in actual Transfer Prices, Hershey and Callebaut will review documented changes and the new Transfer Price under the modified Product Profile are delivered. The Parties will between the original Transfer Price and the revised Transfer Price , unless or until the revised Transfer Price is established . 
 vii. . 
 viii. The Relationship Manager for each Party will address all pricing questions and other operating issues arising under this Agreement. 
 e. With respect to Materials constituting commodities, the Parties will ensure mutually agreed by of each year physical inventories, firm purchase commitments (including firm purchase commitments between Hershey and Callebaut) . 
 3.4.3. 
 Confidential 13 of 215 

FINAL 
 AUGUST 31, 2021 

 (a) The Tolling Fee to be included in the Transfer Price for any Product Portfolio Extension will be an amount equal to the following 
 (i) The then-current Base Tolling Fee for the Product that the Parties mutually agree is most plus 
 (ii) Applicable Tolling Fee adjustments plus 
 (iii) Mutually-agreed adjustments plus 
 (iv) and plus 
 (v) . 
 (b) The Tolling Fee to be included in the Transfer Price for any will be an amount equal to the following 
 (i) The then current Base Tolling Fee for the at which the is to be manufactured plus 
 (ii) Applicable Tolling Fee adjustments plus 
 (iii) Mutually-agreed adjustments plus 
 (iv) plus 
 (v) . and plus 
 (vi) . 
 The work undertaken by the Parties for will, in each instance, include development of the proposed Tolling Fee as an early project milestone. 
 (c) Should the Parties not agree to the Tolling Fee for a Product Portfolio Extension or a , including after referring the disagreement to the Steering Committee for resolution where appropriate, then work will be terminated on the project and such product will not be added to the portfolio of Products. 
 3.4.4. For New Callebaut Innovation Products that the Parties agree may fit Hershey s go-to-market strategy, Callebaut will present its concepts in detail to Hershey . 
 3.5. Established Yields. 
 3.5.1. The Established Yield for all Products delivered to Hershey and for Products delivered to Hershey , as further described in Exhibit C . Hershey will not reimburse or otherwise compensate Callebaut for any additional ingredients and packaging components required as a result of Callebaut s failure to comply with Established Yields. 
 Confidential 14 of 215 

FINAL 
 AUGUST 31, 2021 

 3.5.2. Hershey and Callebaut will review any issues with Established Yields as needed. Should the Parties agree to adjust the Established Yields, the new Established Yields will be effective as of the date mutually agreed by the Parties. 
 3.6. Currency 
 3.6.1. Callebaut will invoice, and Hershey will pay, all amounts in . 
 3.6.2. Each invoice will contain the detail specified by Hershey, including the item number for each Product and the prices set forth in the then-current applicable . Callebaut will issue its invoice at the time such Products are shipped or delivered to Hershey in accordance with the delivery terms set forth in the Facility Addenda, but in no event will invoices be issued later than following the shipping date. Callebaut will comply with reasonable invoice submission procedures provided by Hershey, including without limitation electronic invoice submission. The date of receipt of electronic invoices will be the date following the date the invoice is successfully transmitted. 
 3.6.3. By of each year during the Term, for use in the following calendar year, . 
 3.7. Payments for Products 
 3.7.1. Callebaut and Hershey will facilitate the delivery of Products in accordance with the delivery terms set forth in Section 3.11 and as further described in the Facility Addenda. Hershey will pay any invoiced amount following receipt of such invoice from Callebaut on the payment terms of , except in the case of good faith dispute and provided the invoice is accurate and complete. All payments will be electronically transferred to the designated bank account of the Party to which such payments are due. Hershey s payment of an invoice will not constitute a waiver of any of its rights under this Agreement, including the right to reject or revoke acceptance of Nonconforming Products. 
 3.7.2. Hershey may withhold payment of any invoiced amounts it disputes in good faith however, Callebaut may not, in response to the dispute or otherwise, suspend performance of its obligations under this Agreement or any Order. The Parties will use Commercially Reasonable Efforts to resolve the dispute in a timely manner. 
 3.7.3. . 
 3.7.4. Callebaut shall be liable for all Taxes that may be levied against Callebaut in connection with Callebaut s performance under this Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if Callebaut will be liable for any Taxes solely as a result of Callebaut s adherence to Hershey s specification of the location for the manufacture of the Products or the specific ingredients or processes for producing the Products under the Product Profiles, then Callebaut will notify Hershey of the imposition of such Taxes and Callebaut will pay such Taxes in accordance with applicable Laws and Hershey will reimburse Callebaut for the cost of such Taxes through the Reconciliation Process (provided that custom duties may instead be included in the Transfer Prices), provided that Callebaut provides a copy of the tax returns that were filed with the applicable governmental entity or such other documentation acceptable to Hershey in reasonable 
 Confidential 15 of 215 

FINAL 
 AUGUST 31, 2021 

 form and content as proof of payment of such Taxes. Finally, the Parties will cooperate in good faith and file any required documents to (i) reduce, mitigate or eliminate the amount of Taxes imposed relating to any Party s performance under this Agreement and (ii) seek any available refunds of Taxes paid to a governmental authority, in which case each Party that bore the economic cost of the Taxes will be entitled to receive a proportional amount of the refund of such Taxes from the Governmental or Regulatory Authority. 
 3.8. Productivity 
 3.8.1. Hershey and Callebaut recognize the need to provide the highest quality product at the . To accomplish this objective, Hershey and Callebaut agree to cooperate in a continuing effort to improve the productivity of all processing operations . Hershey s and Callebaut s productivity efforts will be directed and managed by a joint continuous improvement team (which shall include the Relationship Managers). Any resulting savings from such efforts between the Parties as set forth in Sections 3.8.3 and 3.8.4 below. Where applicable, the formula will be applied over the immediately following the date of implementation of the Product Profile (the Productivity Period ), and the resulting will be implemented through a Transfer Price during such Productivity Period, as further described in Section 3.8.5. 
 3.8.2. These productivity efforts should target, but are not limited to, . 
 3.8.3. will receive of all continuous improvement resulting from reductions in unit costs for Materials, as well as minimizing the cost of all sampling testing of the Products, . 
 3.8.4. Continuous improvement resulting from reductions in costs (including without limitation resulting from production output and labor reductions) shall be allocated as follows 
 
 3.8.5. of continuous improvement resulting from such productivity efforts in this Section 3.8 will be included as and thereafter will be incorporated in the Transfer Price as of applicable continuous improvement savings from such productivity efforts will be included as a in the Process. 
 3.9. Supply of Materials 
 3.9.1. Callebaut is responsible for ensuring adequate supply of all Materials, including responsibility for contracting, arranging and taking delivery, inventory management, storage, inspection, and quality control of all Materials used in accordance with the Product Profiles, provided, however, that Callebaut will use only suppliers that have been previously , which suppliers will be set forth in the Hershey Vendor Portal. of any supplier in its sole discretion at any time, and such will be updated in the Hershey Vendor Portal. Callebaut will honor all payment terms of the suppliers on a timely basis (except in the event of a good faith dispute). Callebaut will be responsible for its contracts with third-party suppliers, . 
 Confidential 16 of 215 

FINAL 
 AUGUST 31, 2021 

 3.9.2. . Callebaut s of the Hershey-designated supplier will not be unreasonably withheld. In connection with such supplier , Callebaut may rely on Hershey s information and documentation for its designated supplier or Callebaut may independently evaluate the supplier. 
 3.9.3. Except as otherwise set forth in the Facility Addenda, for Hershey Raw Materials supplied will invoice , and will pay any amount due to hereunder on payments terms of , except in each instance in the event of a good faith dispute. payment of an invoice will not constitute a waiver of any of its rights under this Agreement, including the right to reject or revoke acceptance of nonconforming Raw Materials. may payment of any invoiced amounts it disputes in good faith however, may not, in response to such good faith dispute, suspend performance of its obligations under this Agreement or any Order. The Parties will use Commercially Reasonable Efforts to resolve the dispute in a timely manner. 
 3.9.4. . 
 3.9.5. All payments will be electronically transferred to the designated bank account of Hershey in accordance with the applicable payment terms. will exercise Commercially Reasonable Efforts to use Raw Materials purchased from or solely for the manufacture of Products and not use such inventory for any other purpose or product that it may produce. also will not resell the inventory purchased suppliers pursuant to contract without prior written consent. . Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing contained in this paragraph will relieve Callebaut from producing the Products in accordance with the Quality Specifications and applicable Product Profile and at the agreed upon Transfer Prices. 
 3.9.6. Upon delivery, that all Materials, including any Raw Materials, in accordance with established quality assurance protocols applicable to component ingredients and raw materials communicated to in writing prior to the Effective Date, are (a) in good and merchantable condition and fit for use for the purposes intended, and (b) in compliance with the Quality Specifications applicable to Materials. Callebaut will withhold from use in the manufacture of Products any Materials determined by Callebaut not to be in conformity with the Quality Specifications. If the nonconforming Materials are Raw Materials, will of the nonconformity following its discovery of such nonconformity. Neither approval of a supplier, supply of any Raw Materials, direct purchase of Materials from a supplier, nor any other agreement, arrangement, or business relationship between and any supplier will operate to release from its obligations under this Section 3.9.6 or its representations and warranties as to the Products supplied to . 
 . 
 3.9.7. will maintain in sufficient amounts to of the Products set forth on the issued by to , but, unless provides prior written consent, shall maintain no more than based on the then current . Callebaut acknowledges that certain ingredients used in the Products have a limited shelf life and will only use ingredients that are within their expected shelf life as established by the supplier or by Hershey if the shelf life established by Hershey differs from that established by the supplier and is mutually agreed to by the Parties. Callebaut also agrees to utilize the Materials on a first expiration-first out basis. Callebaut will 
 Confidential 17 of 215 

FINAL 
 AUGUST 31, 2021 

 use Commercially Reasonable Efforts to reduce its inventories of Materials to the lowest feasible levels by the expiration of this Agreement unless otherwise directed by Hershey. 
 3.10. Quality Assurance 
 3.10.1. Callebaut shall manufacture and supply the Products and maintain the Facilities (including disposing of all waste and other materials) in compliance with the Product Profiles, applicable Laws (including without limitation the Laws applicable to the Products in the jurisdictions in which the Products will be distributed and sold), and this Agreement. Callebaut will be liable for any penalties, fines, or costs incurred or assessed against Hershey as a result of Callebaut s failure to manufacture Products and maintain the Facilities in conformance with this Section 3.10.1. Callebaut acknowledges receipt and understanding of the information and requirements contained in the Product Profiles, and Callebaut agrees to implement and maintain quality assurance programs that meet the minimum requirements and expectations contained in the Quality Specifications. Callebaut acknowledges that Hershey may periodically and in its sole discretion revise and or update the Product Profiles by written notice to Callebaut, subject to the review procedures set forth in Section 3.1.3. Callebaut agrees to implement such revisions according to reasonable timeframes requested by Hershey, subject to any applicable changes in Transfer Prices as set forth in Section 3.1. Should such revisions require capital expenditures to achieve compliance by Callebaut, the Parties shall negotiate in good faith the scope, timing and changes in Transfer Prices of necessary for implementation. 
 3.10.2. All Products delivered by Callebaut to Hershey shall conform to the terms of this Agreement, including without limitation the representations and warranties set forth in Section 12.3 and the Product Profile for each Product. . All water used in connection with the Products, whether it be for processing or cleaning, shall meet the applicable United States Environmental Protection Agency Canadian, or Mexican safe drinking water standards dependent upon the location of each Facility. All required testing will be done at Callebaut s expense, which expense shall be included as part of the Transfer Prices. 
 3.10.3. Upon receipt of Products at Hershey s designated manufacturing or storage facility (which may or may not be the place of delivery), Hershey may, but is not obligated to, perform receipt inspections to confirm that the Products conform to this Agreement. Hershey s (a) performance of a receipt inspection, (b) acceptance of delivery of any Product into a Hershey facility, or (c) acknowledgment of receipt on packing slips, bills of lading, or other documents, will not be deemed acceptance of Nonconforming Products or be considered evidence that any Product conforms with this Agreement. Hershey may inspect Products that are delivered in quantity by sampling provided, however, such sampling shall not constitute acceptance of all such Products as a unit. No Products will be deemed to be part of a commercial unit (e.g., case pack) requiring acceptance of their entirety. 
 3.10.4. Hershey may reject or revoke acceptance of any Products that are Nonconforming Products (as further described in Section 12.3.7) by providing notice to Callebaut of the rejection or revocation , after discovering that the Products are Nonconforming Products. 
 3.10.5. Callebaut shall to the requirements of this Agreement. . 
 Confidential 18 of 215 

FINAL 
 AUGUST 31, 2021 

 3.10.6. Callebaut shall remove or dispose of any Product that Hershey deems a Nonconforming Product in accordance with the terms set forth in Section 12.3.7. 
 3.10.7. Callebaut agrees to support Hershey in ongoing efforts to reduce consumer complaints and increase consumer satisfaction in accordance with the complaint resolution procedures set forth in the Quality Specifications, as otherwise contained in the Hershey Vendor Portal related to the Products, and as further described in Section 14.1.3. Upon Hershey s request, Callebaut will provide reasonable assistance to Hershey in investigating any concern of Hershey or any customer or consumer complaints or questions relating to the Products, which may include chemical, physical, or microbiological analysis of returned Products, analysis of retained samples, and review of the Lot. Callebaut shall provide to Hershey of its factual determination and conclusions from any investigation set forth in the Quality Specifications. All of the foregoing actions by Callebaut will be taken at Callebaut s own expense. 
 3.10.8. In the event that (a) a Governmental or Regulatory Authority issues a request, order, or directive for, or a court of competent jurisdiction orders, a recall, market withdrawal, stock recovery, product correction, or advisory safety communication relating to any Product or Materials (or to any product in which a Product has been incorporated), (b) Hershey is advised by Callebaut, or otherwise required, or determines in its sole discretion, that any Product (or any product in which a Product has been incorporated) should be withdrawn, retrieved, recalled, or otherwise recovered for any reason, including because the Products do not meet the Product Profiles, or (c) there is any Seizure of a Product for any reason whatsoever (each such action described in clauses (a), (b) and or (c), collectively or individually, a Recall ), then Callebaut, at its own expense, will fully cooperate with and use diligent efforts to assist Hershey in all activities associated with implementing the Recall, including providing information and cooperating with Hershey regarding any communication with any Governmental or Regulatory Authority concerning a potential or actual Recall. Callebaut further will comply with the current Hershey Global Recall Manual set forth in the Hershey Vendor Portal and incorporated by reference herein. Hershey will be solely responsible for administering any Recall, including handling returns, and will have sole discretion with regard to all decisions concerning any Recall strategy and execution. At Hershey s option, Hershey may direct Callebaut to, and upon such direction Callebaut will, conduct any Recall. Hershey, in its sole discretion, will determine the final disposition of the Products subject to any Recall and the manner, text, and timing of any publicity to be given relating to any Recall. 
 3.10.9. Callebaut shall bear the full cost and expense (including fines and damages and costs to Hershey and to third parties) and will indemnify and hold Hershey harmless of and from any Recall (including, but not limited to, the cost of disposing of the recalled Product) resulting from, or related to, in whole or in part (a) a failure of any Product to conform to the Product Profiles (including, without limitation, the Products being adulterated or misbranded) or any warranty, covenant or representation made by Callebaut herein, or other requirement set forth in this Agreement (except where the Recall is due solely to the Product Profile established by Hershey or Hershey Raw Materials supplied by Hershey) (b) the failure by Callebaut to comply with any applicable Laws, or (c) the negligent or intentional act or omission of Callebaut in connection with the production of the Products hereunder. 
 Confidential 19 of 215 

FINAL 
 AUGUST 31, 2021 

 3.10.10. of any incident that occurs in a Facility with respect to , processes, Materials, or other that may impact the food safety or quality of any products including, but not limited to, the Products. Callebaut must notify the Relationship Manager of the occurrence of such incident. 
 3.11. Delivery, Title Transfer, Risk of Loss and Insurance 
 3.11.1. will coordinate all deliveries of the Products. For Products shipped via common carriers, will provide a list of approved common carriers and wash stations to be used for shipment of the Products. All common carrier shipments will be full truckload or container quantities unless pre-approved by in writing. will be responsible for paying all shipping costs associated with the transportation of the Products and all Products will be shipped FCA at the applicable Facility (Incoterms 2020) on the carrier at each Facility, unless otherwise expressly set forth in the applicable Facility Addendum. 
 3.11.2. For each load in which the Products are shipped, Callebaut must provide a Bill of Lading BOL indicating the Order number, description, quantity, Certificate of Analysis, and other identifying information corresponding to the information in the applicable Order or reasonably necessary to facilitate delivery in accordance with the Order. The BOL must be easily accessible. must complete a in as proof-of-delivery issued to for each shipment of Products. All shipping documents must reference the applicable Order number. 
 3.11.3. Title to Products will be and remain with from the date such Products are delivered by either directly to or to the carrier for transportation to designee. will bear the risk of loss to Products (either while in storage or in process at the Facilities or any storage facility utilized by with consent) until such Products are delivered as specified in the applicable Facility Addendum. 
 3.11.4. Callebaut shall carry and maintain Insurance coverage as defined in Exhibit E . The limits specified in Exhibit E are based upon factors existing at the commencement of this Agreement. . Hershey shall be named as an additional insured on the general commercial liability and automobile liability policies. Callebaut shall pay all premiums when due and within such period of time as is necessary to keep such insurance in full force and effect. Current certificates of insurance shall be provided to Hershey to evidence the coverage required by this Section 3.11.4. Callebaut shall provide advance written notice of any cancellation or material change to the relevant policy. 
 3.12. Hershey Equipment 
 3.12.1. All equipment, including without limitation, all tooling, cutting dies, films, plates, cylinders, jigs, fixtures, molds, patterns, templates, masters, gauges and similar items, used by Callebaut in its performance of this Agreement and fully paid by Hershey, as well as the equipment supplied or financed by Hershey listed on a Facility Addendum (as may be amended from time to time) (collectively, the Hershey Equipment is, and will remain at all times, the sole personal property of Hershey. Hershey will retain title to and ownership of the Hershey Equipment at all times, including while it is in the Callebaut s Facility. Callebaut will hold the Hershey Equipment on a bailment basis and will be responsible for loss or damage to the Hershey 
 Confidential 20 of 215 

FINAL 
 AUGUST 31, 2021 

 Equipment resulting from Callebaut s negligence or willful misconduct. Callebaut will not remove the Hershey Equipment from the Facilities without Hershey s prior written approval. All replacement parts, additions, improvements, and accessories to the Hershey Equipment will become part of the Hershey Equipment and the Parties respective responsibility for the maintenance and repair costs will be set forth in the applicable Facility Addendum. Callebaut will provide Hershey with a list and condition of all Hershey Equipment in its possession upon request. Callebaut s continuing obligations with respect to Hershey Equipment are set forth in the Facility Addendum for the Facility in which such Hershey Equipment is located. 
 3.12.2. All Hershey Equipment will be maintained and repaired in accordance with the manufacturer s instructions and will be kept in good working condition and in compliance with the Quality Expectations and all applicable Laws. Any additional requirements applicable to equipment located at a specific Facility will be described in the applicable Facility Addendum. 
 3.12.3. Not later than after Hershey s request upon the expiration or termination of this Agreement or a Facility Addendum for any reason, , Callebaut will release to Hershey or Hershey s carrier any requested Hershey Equipment located in all Facilities (with respect to expiration or termination of the Agreement) or the applicable Facility (with respect to termination of a Facility Addendum) , as applicable. If Callebaut does not release the Hershey Equipment in accordance with this Section 3.12.3, then Hershey may, . 
 3.12.4. Callebaut hereby authorizes Hershey and its agents, on Hershey s behalf and as its attorneys-in-fact, to prepare, execute on Callebaut s behalf, if necessary, and file such Uniform Commercial Code financing statements and amendments thereto and similar documents as Hershey deems necessary to evidence or protect Hershey s ownership interests in the Hershey Equipment. Callebaut expressly waives the benefit of any Laws that would otherwise entitle it to assert a lien over the Hershey Equipment, and Callebaut will keep the Hershey Equipment free of all security interests, claims, demands, liens, and any other encumbrances. 
 3.12.5. Callebaut will not be permitted to utilize the Hershey Equipment in connection with the manufacturing or production of any non-Hershey products . 
 3.13. Facility Leases 
 Where Hershey owns the premises and or real property at which a Facility is located, Hershey will lease the premises and or real property to Callebaut in accordance with the lease terms set forth in the Lease, as amended, attached to the applicable Facility Addendum. The modified lease terms will be memorialized in the Facility Addendum and in each Lease. The term of the Lease for a Facility premises is co-terminus with this Agreement and will be extended upon renewal of this Agreement or terminate concurrently with the expiration or termination of this Agreement or termination of the Facility Addendum for the leased Facility premises, in each case without further notice or action from either Party (except where notice or action is required by applicable Laws). With respect to such Leases, only the parties to such Leases are bound by the obligations contained therein (i.e., an Affiliate of Hershey and or Callebaut) and no obligation, right or liability is conferred upon a Party to this Agreement that is not a party to the Monterrey Lease or Robinson Lease. 
 Confidential 21 of 215 

FINAL 
 AUGUST 31, 2021 

 3.14.1 Records, Audits and Inspections 
 3.14.1. Callebaut shall keep complete and accurate records with respect to the production of the Products in compliance with the respective Product Profiles, including without limitation (a) Callebaut s manufacturing process, quality assurance measures, and all other procedures utilized in the production process, including information specific to Production Lot numbers, analysis, testing, shipments, certifications, and validations (b) all payments under this Agreement and all Orders, including those from and or to any Hershey Raw Materials suppliers, Subcontractor, or other non-party and (c) traceability records sufficient to identify a Subcontractor or Materials supplier s name and lot codes used to produce the Products (collectively Records ). Callebaut shall allow Hershey or its designees reasonable access to these Records insofar as they relate to the Products, potential product recalls, potential product claims and government inquiries. These Records will be maintained for a period of not less than . 
 3.14.2. During the Term and for a period of thereafter, upon Hershey s request and with reasonable advance notice, Callebaut shall make all Records available for inspection or copying to Hershey or its auditors (including without limitation any third-party auditor designated by Hershey or its customers, subject to such auditor s agreement to be bound by reasonable confidentiality obligations with respect to such Records) and will cooperate in good faith in any such audit. In addition, Callebaut shall also require its Subcontractors and suppliers to allow Hershey or its designee to audit and inspect each such Subcontractor s and supplier s records with respect to the performance of any part of the Services or supply of the Materials. All audits will be conducted in a manner that does not unreasonably disrupt or delay Callebaut s performance of services for its customers. If any audit or inspection reveals an error or irregularity in the amounts paid to Callebaut hereunder, an appropriate adjustment will be made within after the conclusion of the audit or inspection by either Callebaut or Hershey, as applicable, as directed by Hershey. Hershey will bear the costs of such audit or inspection, unless such audit or inspection is conducted subsequent to Callebaut s default or overcharge, in which case Callebaut shall pay for all audit or inspection costs incurred by Hershey. In either event, Callebaut shall pay all expenses incurred by Callebaut in supporting the audit and inspection. 
 3.14.3. Hershey shall have the right (but not the obligation) to inspect, or cause its designee to inspect, any facility, materials, system, or equipment used by Callebaut in manufacturing, packaging, labeling, handling, shipping, or storing the Products, or in performing any other service under this Agreement. Hershey will provide Callebaut with at least prior notice of any such inspection and Hershey will conduct such inspection in a manner as to not unreasonably disrupt Callebaut s business. Hershey will of such inspections. Any inspection by Hershey or its designee will not, and does not, relieve Callebaut from its obligations under this Agreement. 
 3.14.4. Callebaut shall notify Hershey in writing promptly upon any inspections, audits, actions, or correspondence (where such correspondence notes a material discrepancy) by a Governmental or Regulatory Authority or any third-party food safety auditor that (a) relates to the manufacture, packaging, labeling, storage, or shipping of Products or Materials, or (b) could likely result in a material disruption of the supply of the Products. . Callebaut will be responsible for the costs of any third-party food safety audits, including audits conducted to meet requirements of the Act and any implementing regulations. Callebaut also will be responsible for any and all 
 Confidential 22 of 215 

FINAL 
 AUGUST 31, 2021 

 costs, including fines, penalties, and corrective actions, that are incurred as the result of a Governmental or Regulatory Authority inspection or food safety audit. 
 3.15. Hershey Vendor Portal 
 In connection with Callebaut s performance of the Services and supply of the Products under this Agreement, Hershey will provide Callebaut with access credentials for the Hershey Vendor Portal for the agreed upon number of Callebaut personnel to be used only as expressly authorized by Hershey under this Agreement and in the terms of service made available by Hershey through the Hershey Vendor Portal. Access credentials are assigned to a specific individual and may not be shared. Callebaut acknowledges and agrees that such access credentials and all information contained in the Hershey Vendor Portal constitutes Hershey s Confidential Information and includes Hershey Trade Secret Information. Callebaut shall ensure that all personnel to which access credentials are provided will be bound by confidentiality obligations that are at least as stringent as the confidentiality obligations set forth in this Agreement. In addition, Callebaut will at all times during the Term, comply with Hershey s Data Security Addendum, attached to this Agreement as Exhibit K and incorporated by reference herein. 
 4. STEERING COMMITTEE 
 A steering committee comprised of designated by each Party (the Steering Committee has been established to assess performance and address issues arising under this Agreement. Each Party shall assign Representatives from their management teams to guide the relationship between the Parties, ensure compliance with this Agreement, resolve issues and disputes (provided, nothing in this Section 4 will limit a Party s right to resolve a dispute in accordance with Section 20), measure and assess performance, and evaluate proposals from either side. At least of each Party shall participate on the Steering Committee. The respective individuals from each Party responsible for to attend Steering Committee meetings. The Steering Committee will meet no less frequently than . 
 5. STANDARDS FOR PERFORMANCE 
 5.1. Each Party must designate one of its employees to be responsible for managing the relationship between Callebaut and Hershey relating to this Agreement (such person, the Relationship Manager ). Each Party will designate its Relationship Manager in writing to the other Party within following the Effective Date and will notify the other Party in writing at least in advance of any change in the Relationship Manager. The Relationship Manager shall have authority to . At least , the Relationship Managers for each Party must confer to discuss each Party s respective performance hereunder and any other issues associated herewith as may be raised by the Relationship Managers. Such meetings may be conducted in person or by telephone or video conference, as agreed upon by the Parties and at a time mutually acceptable to the Parties. . 
 5.2. The Parties performance metrics (the KPIs by which performance under this Agreement is evaluated, as further described in Exhibit H , attached to this Agreement and incorporated by reference herein. will review their performance on such KPIs on a 
 Confidential 23 of 215 

FINAL 
 AUGUST 31, 2021 

 scorecard (the Performance Scorecard at each joint meeting (the Core Management Team Meeting and the implement corrective actions to address any failed KPIs. 
 5.3. Prior to each Steering Committee meeting, will complete Performance Scorecard for the period since last review by the Steering Committee. Performance Scorecard reports will be reviewed at each Steering Committee meeting. The Performance Scorecards are intended to be actionable reports to identify opportunities in quality and service and actions to address deficiencies noted on the Performance Scorecard, will provide corrective action plans and results with the severity of the issue. 
 6. NON-COMPETE AGREEMENT 
 The parties agree to the Non-Compete provisions set forth in Exhibit G . 
 7. NON-SOLICITATION 
 Except as expressly permitted in this Agreement, including any Facility Addendum, during the Term the Parties agree not to solicit for employment the executive, management and technical personnel having working knowledge of the matters contemplated by this Agreement and the relationship of the Parties hereunder. The Parties further agree that public advertisements or postings of job openings in the ordinary course of a Party s business are not considered solicitation hereunder. 
 8. CONFIDENTIALITY 
 8.1. Confidential Information shall mean Proprietary Information and Trade Secret Information and includes without limitation all information accessible via the Hershey Vendor Portal. With respect to information disclosed by Hershey to Callebaut, Confidential Information will mean all non-public information and include without limitation all information Callebaut may receive and has received since from Hershey regarding the processing, production, marketing, distribution, selling and strategic plans, and quantities of the Products and the recipes for the Products that Hershey requests Callebaut to manufacture, process, package and deliver and any insights, costing financial information, productivity, research developmental activities, location of manufacturing or Hershey manufacturing processes used in the production of the Products. With respect to information disclosed by Callebaut to Hershey, Confidential Information will mean all non-public information and include without limitation all information Hershey may receive and has received since from Callebaut concerning Callebaut s facilities, financial and production capabilities, processing, production, marketing, distribution, selling and strategic plans of Callebaut Products and recipes, ingredients, suppliers, product specifications, production output, sales volumes, costing financial information, productivity and research developmental activities. 
 8.2. Proprietary Information shall mean that information of a Party that is not otherwise Trade Secret Information but that such Party treats as confidential, including, with respect to the Disclosing Party, all confidential or proprietary information pertaining to, owned or controlled by such Party or its Affiliates which is disclosed or otherwise provided to or obtained or discovered by the other Party or any of its Representatives under or in connection with this Agreement, regardless of whether disclosed directly or indirectly, orally, in writing or by access to or inspection of equipment, ingredients, materials, products, processes, ideas or other 
 Confidential 24 of 215 

FINAL 
 AUGUST 31, 2021 

 information of or used by the Disclosing Party without regard to whether the information is marked as confidential. Confidential Information of Hershey includes, without limitation, all information pertaining to the Quality Specifications and the Products. Confidential Information of Callebaut includes Callebaut s processes and methods related to production and operation of each Facility. Confidential Information with respect to either Party includes all other information comprising or pertaining to operations, samples, recipes, products, specifications, services, methods, know-how, trade secrets, formulas, techniques, strategies, inventions (whether or not patentable), ideas, models, prototypes, business prospects and partners, marketing plans and strategies, business operations, financial data, customer and vendor relationships, personnel information, pricing or pricing methods, assets, systems and Intellectual Property. 
 8.3. Trade Secret Information shall mean that information of a Party which that Party considers to be confidential and proprietary in nature which relates to the product and ingredient formulas and production processes which are critical to the ongoing and future business of such Party, the unauthorized disclosure or use of which could result in materially adverse technical and or commercial results to that Party whether disclosed in writing, orally or by observation (including without limitation by e-mail or other electronic communication). 
 8.4. Any Confidential Information disclosed or otherwise disseminated from one Party (hereafter, the Disclosing Party to the other Party (hereafter, the Receiving Party whether such information is conveyed orally or in written form (including without limitation by e-mail or other electronic communication) or by observation or in any other manner, shall be treated and regarded as confidential and proprietary information, which is the exclusive and sole property of the Disclosing Party in accordance with the following provisions 
 8.4.1. All Trade Secret Information disclosed or otherwise provided to a Receiving Party hereunder after the date of this Agreement shall either (i) be disclosed in writing (including electronic documents) bearing a legend or other statement that the disclosed information is classified as Confidential by the Disclosing Party or (ii) with respect to information provided orally or by providing access to restricted areas for observation purposes, subsequently identified as Confidential by the Disclosing Party in a written document and provided to the Receiving Party within of disclosure. All product and ingredient formulas and production processes of one Party received by the other Party relating to the Products shall be deemed Trade Secrets unless otherwise explicitly specified by the Disclosing Party at the time of the disclosure. Proprietary Information may also bear a legend or other statement classifying the information as CONFIDENTIAL but such designation will not cause such Proprietary Information to be treated as Trade Secret Information. 
 8.4.2. If the Receiving Party disagrees with the identification of a Trade Secret set forth in any Disclosing Party documentation, it shall raise such issue with the Relationship Manager of the Disclosing Party and the Relationship Managers shall revise the identification as may be necessary to satisfy both the Disclosing Party and the Receiving Party consistent with the collaborative spirit of this Agreement. 
 8.4.3. A Receiving Party shall keep all Confidential Information received from a Disclosing Party strictly confidential and secret and shall not divulge, communicate or transmit such Confidential Information to any other Persons. A Receiving Party shall permit disclosure of 
 Confidential 25 of 215 

FINAL 
 AUGUST 31, 2021 

 such Confidential Information only to such of its directors, officers, employees, contractors (other than competitors of the Disclosing Party), and advisors who need such information for the purpose of implementing this Agreement and the agreements which are exhibits hereto, provided that such Persons are subject to confidentiality and use restrictions equivalent to those contained herein. If a Receiving Party desires to share Confidential Information with a Person outside of the scope of this Agreement, it shall first obtain the consent of the Disclosing Party. A Receiving Party shall use at least such efforts to maintain the confidentiality of such Confidential Information as it uses to protect the confidentiality of its own Confidential Information, but in no event shall a Receiving Party use less than Commercially Reasonable Efforts to maintain such confidentiality. 
 8.4.4. A Receiving Party shall not utilize Trade Secret Information it has received from a Disclosing Party in any manner, except for the limited purposes authorized in this Agreement or the agreements which are Exhibits hereto. Proprietary Information may be freely used but not disclosed except as otherwise permitted hereunder by the Parties. 
 8.4.5. These obligations of confidentiality and restrictions on use of Confidential Information shall survive the termination or expiration of this Agreement for a period of , except for Trade Secret Information which shall remain subject to obligations of confidentiality and restrictions on use indefinitely. Upon the later of (a) the termination or expiration of this Agreement and (b) the termination or expiration of a Receiving Party s authorization to use specific Confidential Information, the Receiving Party shall return all documents and other materials containing Confidential Information that were disclosed by the Disclosing Party to the Disclosing Party together with all copies and other embodiments thereof or otherwise dispose of such documents and materials (provided that each Receiving Party (i) may retain one copy of the Confidential Information for archival purposes, and (ii) will not be required to destroy any electronic copy of Confidential Information which is retained pursuant to such Receiving Party s standard electronic backup and archival procedures if (A) personnel whose functions are not primarily information technology in nature do not have access to such retained copies and (B) personnel whose functions are primarily information technology in nature have access to such copies only as reasonably necessary for the performance of their information technology duties (e.g., for purposes of system recovery)) in accordance with the Disclosing Party s written direction. In the event of inadvertent disclosure of Trade Secret Information, the Disclosing Party shall have the right and obligation to promptly request return of such Trade Secret Information and the Receiving Party shall use reasonable efforts to promptly collect and return all such Trade Secret Information. 
 8.4.6. Confidential Information does not include information that (a) at the time of disclosure to the Receiving Party, is public (b) after disclosure to the Receiving Party, becomes public, through no fault of Receiving Party or (c) the Receiving Party can prove was in its possession at the time of the disclosure to it, and had not been acquired, directly or indirectly, from the Disclosing Party. The Receiving Party must prove the existence of any of the foregoing exceptions. Personal identifiable information remains Confidential Information, even if it qualifies as one of these exceptions. If the Receiving Party is required by law to disclose any Confidential Information, it agrees to provide the Disclosing Party with notice (but only to the extent legally permissible) of the request(s) at least prior to disclosure of any Confidential Information. 
 Confidential 26 of 215 

FINAL 
 AUGUST 31, 2021 

 8.4.7. The Receiving Party will notify the Disclosing Party immediately if it discovers any inadvertent disclosure or unauthorized use of the Disclosing Party s Confidential Information and will promptly take reasonable steps to prevent any further disclosure or unauthorized use. In the event of a breach or threatened breach of the provisions of this Section 8, the non-breaching Party shall be entitled to seek and be granted (without posting a bond) specific performance or injunctive relief from any court of competent jurisdiction restraining the breaching Party from disclosing, in whole or in part, any of the above-referenced information or from rendering any service to any person, firm, corporation, association, or other entity to whom such information has been disclosed or is threatened to be disclosed. Nothing in this Section 8.4.7 shall be construed as prohibiting the non-breaching Party from pursuing any other remedies available at law or in equity for such breach or threatened breach, including the recovery of damages. 
 8.4.8. Except as otherwise mutually agreed by the Parties in connection with the performance of their respective obligations under this Agreement, neither Party will analyze or reverse engineer any of the other Party s products, samples, ingredients, production processes, or (with respect to Hershey) the Quality Specifications that are not available in the marketplace. The obligations in the preceding sentence will survive the expiration or termination of the Agreement and continue in perpetuity. Callebaut acknowledges and agrees that the obligations of this Section 8.4.8 include without limitation Confidential Information disclosed by Hershey pursuant to the Mutual Non-Disclosure Agreement dated and the formulas and non-public processes disclosed by Hershey in connection with Callebaut s production of Products, all of which constitute Hershey s Trade Secret Information. 
 9. TERM 
 9.1. The Agreement will commence on the Effective Date and will expire on December 31, 2027 (respectively the Term and the Expiration Date ), unless terminated sooner in accordance with Section 10. The Term shall be deemed to include any Transition Period, and the Transition Services will be subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement. 
 9.2. If the Parties desire to extend the Term, then at least prior to the expiration of the Term, the Parties will engage in good faith negotiations for up to regarding extension of the Term and the terms applicable to such extended Term. If, prior to the start of the period either Party does not intend to renew this Agreement, or if the Parties fail to agree to the terms applicable to an extension of the Term, either Party or both Parties will provide notice of intent not to renew and for the remainder of the Term, the Parties will perform the Transition Services described in this Agreement and the Facility Addenda. 
 10. TERMINATION 
 10.1. In addition to the termination rights related to a Force Majeure event set forth in Section 3.3.3, either Party shall be entitled to terminate this Agreement at any time upon the occurrence of any of the following 
 (a) if the other Party files a voluntary petition in bankruptcy, is declared bankrupt, makes an assignment for the benefit of creditors or suffers the appointment of a receiver or a trustee of its assets that is not dismissed within , or 
 Confidential 27 of 215 

FINAL 
 AUGUST 31, 2021 

 (b) if the other Party breaches any of the following terms of the Agreement and such breach is not cured within following delivery of notice of default in accordance with Section 17 from the non-breaching Party, if curable 
 i. Material breach by the other Party of any representation and warranty, including the representations and warranties contained in Sections 12.3 and 12.4 
 ii. Material violation by the other Party of any applicable Laws 
 iii. Material failure of the other Party or its Subcontractors to comply with its own Code of Conduct and 
 iv. Material breach of any other term of the Agreement not described in Sections 10.1(b)(i)-(iii). 
 10.2. In addition, Hershey shall be entitled to terminate this Agreement at any time upon the occurrence of any of the following 
 (a) a breach by Callebaut of the conditions of the Non-Compete Agreement attached to this Agreement as Exhibit G 
 (b) Callebaut s failure to address and failure to cure within following delivery of notice of default in accordance with Section 17 
 (c) the disposition by Callebaut, in whole or in part, of its business (other than to its one or more of Affiliates) and such disposal materially and adversely affects the ability of Callebaut to duly perform under this Agreement or any Exhibit hereto 
 (d) a direct or indirect change of control in the legal or beneficial ownership of Callebaut and such change of control is in favor of 
 (i) 
 (ii) or 
 (iii) . 
 10.3. Termination of this Agreement will automatically and without further notice from the terminating Party terminate all Orders issued by Hershey prior to the date of such termination and the obligations of the Parties under the Exhibits hereto (except for each Party s obligations with respect to the Transition Services as set forth in Section 10.4.2), including without limitation the termination of all Facility Addenda, except for those covenants and obligations that expressly or by their nature survive expiration or termination of this Agreement or such Exhibits. 
 10.4. Upon the expiration or termination of this Agreement (the Termination Date 
 10.4.1. Hershey will 
 Confidential 28 of 215 

FINAL 
 AUGUST 31, 2021 

 (a) pay Callebaut for (i) the Products ordered and delivered prior to the Termination Date, provided that such Products have been accepted by Hershey or are accepted by Hershey within a reasonable time after the Termination Date (ii) all costs in respect of Materials and Excess Inventory as specified in Section 3.2.6 (iii) the price of Materials and (iv) and costs and expenses for Transition Services as such costs and expenses are incurred throughout the Transition Period in accordance with Exhibit I and the payment terms of this Agreement 
 (b) purchase from Callebaut all of Callebaut s then-existing inventory of Products that were produced pursuant to the then-current Forecasted Production Plan, including but excluding any Nonconforming Products and 
 (c) . 
 10.4.2. Callebaut will 
 (a) provide the Transition Services set forth in Exhibit I throughout the Transition Period, including the continued fulfillment of Orders as requested by Hershey and 
 (b) deliver to Hershey any Hershey Equipment set forth on any Facility Addendum and any Materials and Products purchased by Hershey in accordance with Section 10.4.1(a)(ii) and Section 10.4.1(b) above. 
 11. INDEPENDENT CONTRACTORS 
 Nothing in this Agreement or any Exhibit hereto is intended or shall be deemed to constitute a partnership, agency, employer employee or joint venture relationship between the Parties. Neither Party shall be deemed to be or to have been acting on the behalf of the other Party by reason of any action under this Agreement. All activities by the Parties under this Agreement be performed by them as independent contractors. Neither Party shall incur any debt or make any commitment for or on behalf of the other Party, except to the extent specifically required under this Agreement. 
 12. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 
 12.1. Callebaut s Representations . Callebaut hereby represents and warrants to Hershey that, during the Term of this Agreement 
 12.1.1. Callebaut has full power to execute and perform its obligations under this Agreement, to perform the covenants and transactions contemplated hereby, and, without limitation, to grant Hershey the rights described in this Agreement and the Exhibits attached hereto 
 Confidential 29 of 215 

FINAL 
 AUGUST 31, 2021 

 12.1.2. Callebaut is not a party to, nor will it become a party to during the Term, any agreement which restricts or otherwise is in conflict with the terms of this Agreement 
 12.1.3. all corporate action on the part of Callebaut, its officers and directors necessary for the authorization, execution and delivery of this Agreement and the performance of all obligations of Callebaut hereunder have been taken 
 12.1.4. this Agreement constitutes a valid and legally binding obligation of Callebaut enforceable in accordance with its terms 
 12.1.5. Callebaut will implement and maintain a supply chain security program that complies with the standards established by the Customs-Trade Partnership Against Terrorism (C TPAT) program of the United States Customs and Border Protection Agency. 
 12.1.6. Callebaut shall obtain and maintain, at its sole expense, all permits, licenses, registrations, certificates, approvals, and other authorizations from any Governmental or Regulatory Authority that are necessary for Callebaut to manufacture the Products and perform under this Agreement, including without limitation all required Facility registrations, certifications, permits and licenses, as further described in Section 3.10.6. and the Facility Addenda and 
 12.1.7. Callebaut shall remain in compliance with all applicable Laws throughout the Term of this Agreement. 
 12.2. Hershey s Representations . Hershey hereby represents and warrants to Callebaut that, during the Term of this Agreement 
 12.2.1. Hershey has full power to execute and perform its obligations under this Agreement and to perform the covenants and transactions contemplated hereby 
 12.2.2. Hershey is not a party to, nor will it become a party to during the Term, any agreement which restricts or otherwise is in conflict with the terms of this Agreement 
 12.2.3. all corporate action on the part of Hershey, its officers and directors, necessary for the authorization, execution and delivery of this Agreement and the performance of all obligations of Hershey hereunder have been taken 
 12.2.4. this Agreement constitutes a valid and legally binding obligation of Hershey enforceable in accordance with its terms 
 12.2.5. Hershey shall remain in compliance with all applicable Laws throughout the Term of this Agreement. 
 12.3. Product Warranties . Callebaut further hereby represents, warrants and covenants to Hershey that, during the Term of this Agreement 
 12.3.1. All Products, when delivered to Hershey, will not be adulterated or misbranded, or prohibited from distribution and sale within the meaning of applicable Laws in the 
 Confidential 30 of 215 

FINAL 
 AUGUST 31, 2021 

 United States (the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act ), Canada (the Food and Drugs Act, the Consumer Packaging and Labelling Act and the Safe Food for Canadians Act) and Mexico (the General Health Law), or within the meaning of any other applicable Laws, including state, provincial, and local food laws and regulations in the jurisdictions in which the Products are packaged or intended to be sold and shall not be articles which may not, under the provisions of Section 404 or 505 of the Act, be introduced into interstate commerce. Callebaut further warrants that its processing of the Products hereunder shall be in accordance with the Food Safety Modernization Act (FSMA), including applicable Hazard Analysis and Risk-Based Preventative Controls (HARPC) and current Good Manufacturing Practices (cGMPs) regulations promulgated by the United States Food and Drug Administration. 
 12.3.2. The Products will be fit for human consumption and will be free of defects in materials, workmanship, and design. 
 12.3.3. Callebaut has registered its Facilities and maintains active registrations as required under all Laws of the jurisdiction in which the Products are to be manufactured, packaged, stored, or sold including, but not limited to, the Act, as amended by the Public Health Security and Bioterrorism Preparedness and Response Act of 2002 and the FSMA. Callebaut is required to contact Hershey in the event that any Facility registration is revoked, suspended, or otherwise invalid, and also when any Facility or any Products are affected by security violations, theft, or other incidents that may impair Product integrity. 
 12.3.4. The Products and Callebaut Raw Materials will (a) be manufactured in accordance, and will conform in all respects, with all applicable Laws (b) conform in all respects with the Quality Specifications, Orders, and the requirements of this Agreement (c) be of first quality and made of new materials and components including rework as specified in the Product Profiles and (d) be delivered with good and rightfully transferred title, free and clear of any security interests, liens or other encumbrances. 
 12.3.5. All information regarding the Products or the Materials provided by or on behalf of Callebaut to Hershey or to any Governmental or Regulatory Authority will be complete and accurate in all respects. 
 12.3.6. Callebaut will assign to Hershey all applicable warranties extended to Callebaut with respect to all products, or portions thereof, not manufactured by Callebaut however, Callebaut s extension of warranties will not relieve Callebaut of its obligation to repair or replace defective products or any other obligations set forth in this Agreement. 
 12.3.7. All representations and warranties herein will survive the acceptance of and payment for the Products, as well as the termination or expiration of this Agreement. If Hershey discovers that any Product fails to conform to any of the warranties in 12.3.1 through 12.3.2 or any requirement of this Agreement (each such Product, a Nonconforming Product(s) ), then Hershey will give Callebaut written notice of the nonconformity within a after discovery, but in no event shall notice be given of the Products. Callebaut will, at Hershey s option and at Callebaut s sole expense, . Callebaut s obligation under the prior sentence includes reimbursing Hershey for all Losses incurred by Hershey arising from or related to Callebaut supplying Nonconforming Products, . If requested by Hershey, Callebaut must retrieve 
 Confidential 31 of 215 

FINAL 
 AUGUST 31, 2021 

 the Nonconforming Products at its cost. If, upon Hershey s request, any Nonconforming Product is not as required above, then Hershey may, , obtain such Products or similar Products from an alternate manufacturer and under this Agreement or at law). . 
 12.4. Hershey Raw Materials Warranties . With respect to Hershey Raw Materials supplied directly by Hershey pursuant to a purchase order or agreement between Hershey and Callebaut, Hershey hereby represents and warrants to Callebaut that such Hershey Raw Materials, when delivered by Hershey, will be in accordance, and will conform in all respects, with all applicable Laws and the requirements of this Agreement. In addition, Hershey will cooperate in good faith with Callebaut to enforce all product warranties as to the Hershey Raw Materials that Hershey receives under its agreements with its suppliers. All warranties herein will survive the acceptance of and payment for the Hershey Raw Materials, as well as the termination or expiration of this Agreement. 
 12.5. Disclaimer of Warranties . Except as expressly set forth in this Agreement (whether in this Section or elsewhere in the Agreement or Exhibits), neither Party makes, and each such Party hereby specifically disclaims, any and all representations and warranties express or implied, arising by law or otherwise, arising under or relating to this Agreement or the subject matter of this Agreement. 
 13. CODE OF CONDUCT 
 Concurrently with the execution of this Agreement, attached to this Agreement as Exhibit J (the ). 
 14. INDEMNIFICATION 
 14.1. Callebaut Indemnity. 
 14.1.1 Callebaut shall defend and indemnify Hershey and its Affiliates, and their respective officers, directors, employees, agents, successors and permitted assigns (Hershey, its Affiliates and each of the foregoing, a Hershey Indemnitee ), against all third party Claims (including Claims by any Person or any Governmental or Regulatory Authority) brought against any Hershey Indemnitee and all Losses paid to the third party bringing the Claim in each case where the Claim is arising out of, caused by, happening in connection with, or otherwise related to 
 (a) Callebaut s (or its Affiliates or its Subcontractors and its and their personnel s actions or inactions under or relating to this Agreement (including Callebaut s, its Affiliates or its Subcontractors performance of the Services or the manufacture, production, loading, transportation, unloading, storage, handling, packaging, labeling or use of the Materials and or Products), 
 (b) Callebaut s (or its Affiliates or its Subcontractors and its and their personnel s breach of this Agreement (including any breach of any representation or warranty in this Agreement), including any allegation, claim or assertion that if true would be a breach of this Agreement, or violation of any Law, or 
 Confidential 32 of 215 

FINAL 
 AUGUST 31, 2021 

 (c) any allegation of infringement, misappropriation or violation of any Intellectual Property rights of any Person with respect to (i) Product Recipes developed by Callebaut or its Affiliates or Subcontractors or (ii) the performance of the Services or the manufacture, production, loading, transportation, unloading, storage, handling, packaging, labeling or use of the and or any Products. 
 14.1.2. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Callebaut will not have any defense or indemnity obligations under Section 14.1.1(a) or (b) above when the third party Claim or Losses are caused solely 
 (a) by the action or inaction of any Hershey Indemnitee which action or inaction constitutes a breach of this Agreement by a Hershey Indemnitee 
 (b) by Callebaut s reliance on and adherence to the Quality Specifications or written directions provided by Hershey or 
 (c) by the use of Hershey Raw Materials which were defective at the time of delivery to Callebaut, and provided such defect was not (a) known by Callebaut, its Affiliates or its Subcontractors prior to use of the Hershey Raw Materials, or (b) should have been discoverable by Callebaut, its Affiliates, or its Subcontractors prior to use based on inspection, testing, sampling and validation as required under Section 3.9.6 of this Agreement. 
 14.1.3. Callebaut further acknowledges that Hershey has an interest in resolving customer and consumer Claims and or Losses quickly and in a manner that minimizes the negative impact of the experience to the consumer. Callebaut further acknowledges that packages of Product produced by Callebaut may have a toll-free number for customers and consumers to call in order to make comments about Products. Callebaut hereby agrees that Hershey may, without advance notice to Callebaut, handle customer Claims or Losses regarding the Products or the Materials, provided such Claims or Losses can be settled for less than per individual. In the event the Claim or Loss is a result of actions or inactions of Callebaut for which it would be responsible to indemnify Hershey under this Agreement, Callebaut agrees to reimburse Hershey for the Losses and costs of settling these Claims, notwithstanding the fact that it may not have been notified of such Claim or Loss prior to settlement. Settlements for amounts greater than will be reviewed with Callebaut prior to settlement in order to obtain Callebaut s approval. Hershey agrees to notify Callebaut of all claims as soon as possible. 
 14.1.4. Hershey shall have the right, but not the duty, to participate, at its own cost, in the defense of any relevant Claim (including litigation) with attorneys of Hershey s selection. 
 14.2. Hershey Indemnity. 
 14.2.1. Hershey shall defend and indemnify Callebaut and its Affiliates, and their respective officers, directors, employees, agents, successors and permitted assigns (Callebaut, its Affiliates and each of the foregoing a Callebaut Indemnitee ), against all third party Claims brought against any Callebaut Indemnitee and all Losses paid to the third party bringing the Claim in each case where the Claim is solely arising out of, caused by, happening in connection with, or otherwise related to 
 Confidential 33 of 215 

FINAL 
 AUGUST 31, 2021 

 (a) Hershey s (or its Affiliates and its and their personnel s actions or inactions under or relating to this Agreement 
 (b) Callebaut s reliance on and adherence to the Product Profiles or written directions provided by Hershey (or its Affiliates), including any allegation that the Product Profiles infringe, misappropriate or violate any Intellectual Property rights of any Person 
 (c) the use of Raw Materials which were defective at the time of delivery to and provided such defect was not (i) known by Callebaut, its Affiliates or its Subcontractors prior to use of the Hershey Raw Materials, or (ii) should have been discoverable by Callebaut, its Affiliates, or its Subcontractors prior to use based on inspection, testing, sampling and validation as required under Section 3.9.6 of this Agreement or 
 (d) any breach by Hershey or any Affiliate of Hershey of the terms of this Agreement. 
 14.2.2. Callebaut shall have the right, but not the duty, to participate, at its own cost, in the defense of any Claim (including litigation) with attorneys of Callebaut s selection. 
 14.3. Indemnification Procedures. 
 14.3.1. Within a reasonable time after a Callebaut Indemnitee or Hershey Indemnitee, as the case may be (the Indemnified Party receives written notice of an actual or potential Claim for which a Party (the Indemnifying Party has defense and indemnity obligations, the Indemnified Party must notify the Indemnifying Party of the Claim provided, however, the failure of the Indemnified Party to provide notice of the Claim shall not relieve the Indemnifying Party of its obligations under this Section 14 (Indemnification), except to the extent that such failure materially prejudices the Indemnifying Party s defense of the Claim. The Indemnified Party will, at the Indemnifying Party s cost and expense, provide all reasonable assistance requested by the Indemnifying Party in connection with the defense and settlement of the Claim. The Indemnified Party will provide to the Indemnifying Party all documents related to the Claim (other than documents subject to the attorney client privilege). Neither the Indemnified Party nor the Indemnifying Party will settle any Claim for which the Indemnifying Party has assumed the defense thereof without the prior written consent of the other Party, such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed. 
 14.3.2. Callebaut s and Hershey s defense and indemnification obligations in this Section 14 (Indemnification) shall survive the termination or expiration of this Agreement. 
 14.4. Consequential Damages . 
 14.4.1. Anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding, except in connection with (a) the award of such damages to a third party for which a Party must indemnify the other Party and or its Affiliates, and their respective officers, directors, employees, agents, successors and permitted assigns under this Section 14 or (b) Callebaut s breach of the non-compete agreement included as Exhibit G of this Agreement, neither Party hereto shall have any liability under any provision of this Agreement (whether pursuant to this Section 14 or pursuant to any cause of action or complaint initiated by or on behalf of any Party) for any punitive, 
 Confidential 34 of 215 

FINAL 
 AUGUST 31, 2021 

 consequential, indirect or special damages, loss of business reputation, or lost future profits, regardless of whether the relevant claim is based on warranty, contract, tort (including negligence or strict liability) or otherwise. Each Party hereto agrees to take all reasonable action to mitigate any Losses it may suffer or incur upon and after becoming aware of any event which could reasonably be expected to give rise to any Losses. 
 15. NON-EXCLUSIVITY 
 The relationship between the Parties is non-exclusive. This Agreement does not give Callebaut the exclusive right to manufacture the Products or perform any other service set forth herein. , Hershey has the right to manufacture its own Products or perform any other service set forth in this Agreement or to retain companies other than Callebaut to manufacture products and perform services that are the same or similar to the Products and Services supplied and performed by Callebaut under this Agreement. 
 16. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS 
 16.1. Each Party and its Affiliates are and will continue to be the owner of all rights, title and interests in and to all Intellectual Property owned by such Party and its Affiliates as of the date of this Agreement. 
 16.2. All rights in and to all Intellectual Property made, created, developed or conceived by or for Hershey and its Affiliates , including (a) , (b) the Hershey Raw Materials, Product Profiles (excluding Product Profiles of Callebaut Products sold to Hershey as Products), Product Portfolio Extensions, Quality Specifications, Product Recipes (excluding Product Recipes of Callebaut Products sold to Hershey as Products), Quality Manuals, Hershey Marks, Confidential Information disclosed to Callebaut or its Affiliates or Subcontractors by Hershey or its Affiliates, (c) the name Hershey , (e) the names of Hershey s Affiliates, and (f) all modifications, changes, derivatives, improvements and enhancements to any of the foregoing (collectively, the Hershey Intellectual Property ), are owned solely and exclusively by Hershey and or its Affiliates. 
 16.3. For clarity, the Hershey Intellectual Property shall exclude all rights in and to any Intellectual Property made, developed, or owned by Callebaut independent from the provision of Services under this Agreement or services under any other agreement with Hershey, including (y) the manufacturing processes used by Callebaut to , and (z) the Intellectual Property rights in Callebaut-developed equipment and manufacturing processes that (i) are used in Callebaut s business for its customers generally, and or (ii) were developed or acquired independently of Callebaut s services for Hershey (collectively, the Callebaut Intellectual Property ). 
 16.4. Except for the express licenses set forth below in this Section, Callebaut has no right, title, or interest, and shall not claim any right, title, or interest, in or to any Hershey Intellectual Property, and Hershey has no right, title or interest, and shall not claim any right, title or interest, in or to any Callebaut Intellectual Property. Furthermore, neither Party will claim any right to use any other Party s Intellectual Property, except a limited right to use, if any, granted under this Agreement. 
 16.5. Callebaut will not (a) sell or distribute or cause to be sold or distributed to anyone other than Hershey or its Affiliates, either directly or indirectly, any Products or any goods that 
 Confidential 35 of 215 

FINAL 
 AUGUST 31, 2021 

 display, use, practice, exploit or incorporate any Hershey Intellectual Property or (b) use any Hershey Intellectual Property in any way without Hershey s prior written consent. Except for the express licenses set forth below in this Section, neither Party shall be deemed to have granted the other Party a license to, or granted the other Party any rights in, any such Party s Intellectual Property by entering into this Agreement. Callebaut further agrees that it will in no way utilize the Hershey Intellectual Property (including any pictures of the Products) in any advertising or communication regarding Callebaut, unless Callebaut obtains Hershey s prior written consent to such use. 
 16.6. Hershey hereby grants to Callebaut and its Affiliates, during the Term of this Agreement, a non-exclusive, non-transferrable, non-assignable, limited license, without the right to sublicense, to use the Hershey Intellectual Property internally solely at the Facilities for the sole and exclusive purpose of manufacturing and packaging Products for sale by Callebaut and its Affiliates to Hershey and its Affiliates. Except for the foregoing licenses, no other licenses or rights, express or implied, are granted by Hershey to Callebaut under this Agreement. 
 16.7. Callebaut agrees to reasonably promptly disclose and describe to Hershey all improvements, modifications, changes, derivatives, and enhancements to any Hershey Intellectual Property, if any, including to the Products, that are or were made, created, developed or conceived by Callebaut, its Affiliates, and its Subcontractors either alone, jointly between among them, or jointly with Hershey or any of its Affiliates (collectively, Hershey IP Improvements ). All Hershey IP Improvements shall be Hershey Intellectual Property and owned by Hershey. In addition, all feedback, suggestions, and ideas to the extent related to any Hershey Intellectual Property that is communicated to Hershey by Callebaut, its Affiliates and its Subcontractors will be Hershey Intellectual Property, including the results of and output from any reverse engineering of Products or Hershey Raw Materials that is done by Callebaut, its Affiliates and its Subcontractors, either alone, jointly, or jointly with Hershey or any of its Affiliates. 
 16.8. Callebaut, on behalf of itself and its Affiliates, hereby does and will irrevocably assign to Hershey all of Callebaut s and its Affiliates right, title and interest in and to any and all Hershey IP Improvements and all associated records. Such assignment to occur at the time the Hershey IP Improvement is first conceived, made, derived, developed, written or created, and regardless of when the Hershey IP Improvement is first conceived, made, derived, developed, written or created. To the extent any of the rights, title and interest in and to Hershey IP Improvements cannot be assigned to Hershey, Callebaut, on behalf of itself and its Affiliates, hereby grants to Hershey an exclusive (even as to Callebaut), royalty-free, transferable, irrevocable, worldwide, fully paid-up license (with rights to sublicense through multiple tiers of sublicensees) to fully use, practice and exploit those non-assignable rights, title and interest, including the right to make, use, sell, offer for sale, import, have made, and have sold, the Hershey IP Improvements. Callebaut represents and warrants to Hershey that Callebaut and its Affiliates have written agreements with their employees and Subcontractors pursuant to which such employees and Subcontractors assign to Callebaut and its Affiliates all Intellectual Property conceived, made, derived, developed, written or created by them for Callebaut or its Affiliates. 
 16.9. Callebaut agrees, on behalf of itself and its Affiliates and Subcontractors, to perform, during and after the term of this Agreement, all acts that Hershey deems necessary or desirable to permit and assist Hershey, at its expense, in obtaining, perfecting and enforcing the 
 Confidential 36 of 215 

FINAL 
 AUGUST 31, 2021 

 full benefits, enjoyment, rights and title throughout the world in the Hershey IP Improvements. If Hershey is unable for any reason to secure Callebaut s or its Affiliates signature to any document required to file, prosecute, register or memorialize the assignment of any rights under any Hershey IP Improvements as provided under this Agreement, Callebaut agrees, on behalf of itself and its Affiliates, and does hereby irrevocably designate and appoint Hershey and Hershey s duly authorized officers and agents as Callebaut s and its Affiliates agents and attorneys-in-fact to act for and on Callebaut s and its Affiliates behalf and instead of Callebaut and its Affiliates, to take all lawfully permitted acts to further the filing, prosecution, registration, memorialization of assignment, issuance and enforcement of rights in, to and under the Hershey IP Improvements, all with the same legal force and effect as if executed by Callebaut and its Affiliates. The foregoing is deemed a power coupled with an interest and is irrevocable. 
 16.10. If Callebaut or its Affiliates incorporate or permit to be incorporated into any Hershey Intellectual Property any Callebaut Intellectual Property, then Callebaut, on behalf of itself and its Affiliates, hereby grants to Hershey a non-exclusive, royalty-free, transferable, perpetual, irrevocable, worldwide, fully paid-up license (with rights to sublicense through multiple tiers of sublicensees) to fully use, practice and exploit the Callebaut Intellectual Property in connection with the development, manufacture and sale of Hershey s or its Affiliates products. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Callebaut agrees that Callebaut and its Affiliates will not incorporate, or permit to be incorporated, any Callebaut Intellectual Property into any Hershey Intellectual Property without Hershey s prior written consent. Callebaut shall disclose information requested by Hershey for any Callebaut Intellectual Property that Callebaut incorporates or permits to be incorporated into any Hershey Intellectual Property in order for Hershey to fully use, practice and exploit the Intellectual Property rights relating to such Callebaut Intellectual Property. 
 16.11. The executed by the Parties pursuant to the Development Agreement (the New Products ), attached to this Agreement as Exhibit L , will continue in development by the Parties and will be subject exclusively to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the terms and conditions of the . 
 17. NOTICE 
 Any notice, requests, demands, and other communications required or permitted under this Agreement, shall be in writing and sent to the persons executing this Agreement at the addresses set forth in the first paragraph this Agreement (or to such other persons and addresses as either Party may hereafter specify in writing to the other) with a required copy to 
 Confidential 37 of 215 

FINAL 
 AUGUST 31, 2021 

 The Hershey Company 
 19 East Chocolate Avenue 
 Hershey, PA 17033 U.S.A. 
 Attn Law Department 
 Email 
 Barry Callebaut AG 
 Hardturmstrasse 1818 
 500 Zurich, Switzerland 
 Attn President, North America 
 Email 
 With copy to 
 Barry Callebaut U.S.A. LLC 
 600 West Chicago Avenue 
 Suite 860 
 Chicago, IL 60654 
 Attn Law Department 
 Email 
 
 18. NO WAIVER 
 The failure of either Party to assert a right under this Agreement or to insist upon compliance with any terms or conditions of this Agreement shall not constitute a waiver of that right or excuse the subsequent performance or nonperformance of any term or condition by the other Party. 
 19. ASSIGNMENTS 
 19.1. This Agreement will be assignable to a successor in interest of substantially all of a Party s assets upon written notice to the other Party, subject to Hershey s termination rights set forth in Section 10. In addition, a Party may assign this Agreement to its Affiliate upon written notice to the other Party. Except as set forth above in this paragraph, neither Party may assign this Agreement without the prior written consent of the other Party. Any assignment made without such consent will be null and void and will be a material breach of the Agreement. Consent to any assignment or encumbrance will not constitute a waiver of the provisions of this Section as to any future assignment or encumbrance. 
 19.2. Callebaut will not subcontract the performance of its obligations hereunder, or permit any other arrangement having similar effect, without the prior written consent of Hershey provided, Callebaut may subcontract performance of its obligations to its Affiliate upon Hershey s prior written consent. Callebaut is responsible to Hershey for the acts and omissions of any of its Subcontractors and the Subcontractor s employees and Subcontractors. Nothing in this Agreement will create any contractual or agency relationship between any Subcontractor and Hershey. Hershey has no obligation to pay or ensure payments to the Subcontractors. 
 20. GOVERNING LAW 
 This Agreement will be governed by New York law, without regard to any conflicts of law provisions. The Parties hereby submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Courts of the Southern District of New York and agree that such Courts are the proper venue with respect to any dispute 
 Confidential 38 of 215 

FINAL 
 AUGUST 31, 2021 

 arising under this Agreement. The 1980 United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods or any version thereafter will not apply to this Agreement. 
 21. RIGHTS AND REMEDIES CUMULATIVE 
 The rights and remedies set forth in this Agreement are cumulative and are in addition to all other rights and remedies that may be available to a Party under this Agreement, at law and in equity. 
 22. RECEIPT OF DOCUMENTS 
 Callebaut has received Hershey manuals, policies, guidelines and other documents referred to in this Agreement and Callebaut will perform its obligations hereunder in accordance with them. 
 23. REVIEW OF AGREEMENT 
 The Parties represent that they have read carefully and fully understand the terms of this Agreement and all attachments hereto. The Parties acknowledge that they are executing this Agreement voluntarily and knowingly, and that they have not relied on any representations, promises, or agreements of any kind made to them in connection with their decision to accept the terms of this Agreement, other than those set forth in this Agreement. 
 24. CONSTRUCTION 
 The Parties to the Agreement have had the opportunity to consult legal counsel regarding the terms hereof, and, therefore, this Agreement will not be construed for or against either Party hereto. The words Including , includes , and include shall mean including, without limitation , includes, without limitation or include, without limitation respectively. 
 25. ENTIRE AGREEMENT AND HEADINGS 
 This Agreement, Orders, and all Exhibits attached or explicitly incorporated into this Agreement, contain the entire understanding of the Parties concerning the subject matter hereof and supersede any other agreements or understandings. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Agreement does not terminate any non-disclosure agreements (NDAs) between the Parties in effect as of the Effective Date unless expressly superseded by the Original Master Agreement (provided, the governing law and dispute resolution terms contained in Section 20 will apply to such NDAs, and in event of a conflict between this Agreement and such NDA with respect to the subject matter hereof, this Agreement shall control). This Agreement, Orders, and Exhibits attached or explicitly incorporated into this Agreement, may only be amended, modified, or supplemented by a written document in accordance with Section 31. All headings utilized herein are inserted for reference only and will have no effect on the meaning of construction of any terms of this Agreement. 
 26. CONFLICTING TERMS 
 In the event of a conflict between the terms of this Agreement, any Exhibit hereto and the Hershey Vendor Portal, the following order of precedence will apply (A) this Agreement (B) the 
 Confidential 39 of 215 

FINAL 
 AUGUST 31, 2021 

 Exhibits (C) Quality Specifications set forth in the Hershey Vendor Portal and (D) all other terms and conditions contained in the Hershey Vendor Portal applicable to this Agreement. 
 27. PREPRINTED TERMS NO COURSE OF DEALING 
 In no event will any preprinted terms or conditions found on a Party s order forms, confirmation forms, or invoices be considered an amendment or modification of this Agreement, even if such documents are signed by Representatives of both Parties such preprinted terms or conditions will be considered null and of no effect. No course of dealing, usage of trade, or course of performance will be applicable to this Agreement. 
 28. BINDING EFFECT 
 Except for the rights of (a) Hershey s parents, subsidiaries, divisions, affiliates, directors, officers, and assigns as additional insureds set forth in Section 3.11.4 (Insurance), (b) Hershey Indemnitees and Callebaut Indemnitees set forth in Section 14 (Indemnification) and (c) Affiliates of Hershey authorized by Hershey to submit Orders to Callebaut, each of whom may enforce the terms of this Agreement as third party beneficiaries, this Agreement is for the sole benefit of the Parties and their successors and permitted assigns provided , however , that a Party will have the right to terminate this Agreement in the event there is a change of control or ownership as set forth in Section 10. 
 29. SEVERABILITY 
 Any provision of this Agreement that is determined to be invalid, illegal, or unenforceable will, where possible, be severed to the extent necessary to make this Agreement enforceable, unless doing so would materially change the intended effect of this Agreement, and all other parts of this Agreement will remain in place and enforceable. 
 30. SURVIVAL 
 Those provisions of this Agreement that either expressly survive or by their nature would require survival in order to give them full force and effect, including without limitation the provisions in Sections 8, 10.4 12, 14, 16, 17-31 will survive the termination or expiration of this Agreement, regardless of the date, cause, or manner of such termination. 
 31. EXECUTED IN COUNTERPARTS 
 This Agreement may be signed electronically and in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be an original, with the same effect as if the signatures were upon the same document. A copy of this Agreement executed by a party that is provided to the other party via electronic means shall have the same effect as the original executed copy of the Agreement. 
 Confidential 40 of 215 

FINAL 
 AUGUST 31, 2021 

 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the Parties hereto has executed this Agreement by its duly authorized Representatives as of the Effective Date. 
 BARRY CALLEBAUT AG 

By s James G. Hagedorn 
 Name James G. Hagedorn 
 Title Executive Vice President -- Americas 

By s Wook Jin Kim 
 Name Wook Jin Kim 
 Title CFO Americas 
 THE HERSHEY COMPANY 

By s Jason Reiman 
 Name Jason Reiman 
 Title SVP, Chief Supply Chain Officer 

By s Steven Voskuil 
 Name Steven Voskuil 
 Title SVP & CFO 

Confidential 41 of 215 

FINAL 
 AUGUST 31, 2021 

 INDEX TO EXHIBITS 
 Exhibit A Product Categories 
 Exhibit B Quality 
 B-1 Quality Specifications 
 B-2 Review of Compliance with Quality Policies and Standards 
 Exhibit C Transfer Prices and Pricing for Ingredients, Packaging, Tolling Fees, Established Yields 
 C-1 Base Tolling Fees 
 
 Exhibit D Facility Addenda 
 D-1 Robinson, Illinois 
 D-2 Monterrey, M xico 
 
 Exhibit E Insurance Requirements 
 Exhibit F Hershey Competitors 
 Exhibit G Non-Compete Agreement 
 Exhibit H Key Performance Indicators 
 Exhibit I Transition Services 
 Exhibit J Code of Conduct 
 Exhibit K Data Security Addendum 
 Exhibit L New Products 
 Confidential 51 of 215 

FINAL 
 AUGUST 31, 2021 

 EXHIBIT A 
 PRODUCT CATEGORIES 
 1. Products Categories 
 
 Intermediate and Finished Products 
 
 . 

Confidential 52 of 215 

FINAL 
 AUGUST 31, 2021 

 EXHIBIT C 
 TRANSFER PRICES AND PRICING FOR INGREDIENTS, PACKAGING, TOLLING FEES, ESTABLISHED YIELDS 
 
 Confidential 53 of 215 

</EX-10.7>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 hsy_20221231exhibit211.htm
 SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT

Document 

Exhibit 21.1 
 SUBSIDIARIES OF REGISTRANT 
 Below is a listing of our major subsidiaries as of December 31, 2022, their jurisdictions of incorporation, and the name under which they do business. Each is wholly owned unless otherwise noted. 
 Subsidiary Name 
 Jurisdiction of Incorporation 
 Hershey Netherlands B.V. The Netherlands Hershey Canada, Inc. Canada Hershey Mexico S.A. de C.V. Mexico Hersmex S. de R.L. de C.V. Mexico Servicios de Hersmex S. de R.L. de C.V. Mexico Hershey Chocolate of Virginia LLC Delaware Hershey Chocolate & Confectionery LLC Delaware Hershey International LLC Delaware CSH Foods, Inc. Delaware The Hershey Sourcing Company Delaware The Hershey Sales Company Delaware The Hershey Investment Company, LLC Delaware The Hershey Licensing Company Delaware Ripple Brand Collective, LLC New York Amplify Snack Brands, Inc. Delaware ONE Brands, LLC Delaware Artisan Confections Company, LLC Delaware Lily's Sweets, LLC Pennsylvania Dot's Pretzels, LLC Delaware Pretzels Holdings, LLC Delaware Hershey Caribe, Inc. Puerto Rico Hershey UK Holding Limited United Kingdom Hershey UK Finance Limited United Kingdom Hershey Trading GmbH Switzerland Hershey India Private Limited India Nutrine Confectionery Company Private Limited India Hershey (China) Investment Management Co., Ltd. China Hershey Chocolate Sales (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. China Hershey Japan Co., Ltd. Japan Hershey Philippines, Inc. Philippines Regional Operating HQ Philippines Hershey Asia Pacific Pte. Ltd. Singapore Hershey Malaysia Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia Hershey (Thailand) Co. Ltd. Thailand Hershey do Brasil Ltda. Brazil 
 
 The Hershey Company 2022 Form 10-K Exhibit 21.1 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 hsy_20221231exhibit231.htm
 CONSENT OF ERNST & YOUNG LLP

Document 

EXHIBIT 23.1 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements 
 
 (1) Registration Statement (Form S-3 No. 333-256595) pertaining to the prospectus for the sale of Debt Securities of The Hershey Company, 
 
 (2) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-174123) pertaining to the Equity and Incentive Compensation Plan of The Hershey Company, 
 
 (3) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-143764) pertaining to the Equity and Incentive Compensation Plan of The Hershey Company, 
 
 (4) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-107706) pertaining to the Directors Compensation Plan of Hershey Foods Corporation, 
 
 (5) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-72100) pertaining to the 2001 Nonqualified Stock Option Agreement of Hershey Foods Corporation, 
 
 (6) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-72112) pertaining to the Broad-Based Stock Option Plan of Hershey Foods Corporation, 
 
 (7) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-52509) pertaining to the Key Employee Incentive Plan of Hershey Foods Corporation, and 
 
 (8) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-25853) pertaining to the Directors Compensation Plan of Hershey Foods Corporation 
 
 of our reports dated February 17, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements and schedule of The Hershey Company and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of The Hershey Company included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of The Hershey Company for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 s ERNST & YOUNG LLP Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 
 February 17, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 hsy_20221231exhibit311.htm
 SECTION 302 CEO CERTIFICATION

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Michele G. Buck, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of The Hershey Company 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

s MICHELE G. BUCK 
 Michele G. Buck 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 February 17, 2023 

The Hershey Company 2022 Form 10-K Exhibit 31.1 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 hsy_20221231exhibit312.htm
 SECTION 302 CFO CERTIFICATION

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Steven E. Voskuil, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of The Hershey Company 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 S STEVEN E. VOSKUIL 
 Steven E. Voskuil 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 February 17, 2023 

The Hershey Company 2022 Form 10-K Exhibit 31.2 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 hsy_20221231exhibit321.htm
 SECTION 906 CEO AND CFO CERTIFICATION

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION 
 Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned officers of The Hershey Company (the Company hereby certify that the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date 
 February 17, 2023 s MICHELE G. BUCK 
 Michele G. Buck Chief Executive Officer Date 
 February 17, 2023 s STEVEN E. VOSKUIL 
 Steven E. Voskuil Chief Financial Officer 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

The Hershey Company 2022 Form 10-K Exhibit 32.1 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 hsy-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 hsy-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 hsy-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 hsy-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 hsy-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

