<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230317_10-K_edgar_data_1857044_0001493152-23-008010.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6929308</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>530980</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2195462</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1994934</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>995294</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1067190</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-008010.hdr.sgml : 20230317
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230317080556
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-008010
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		72
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230317
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230317

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Indaptus Therapeutics, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001857044
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		IRS NUMBER:				863158720
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40652
		FILM NUMBER:		23740725

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3 COLUMBUS CIRCLE
		STREET 2:		15TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10019
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(646) 427-2727

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3 COLUMBUS CIRCLE
		STREET 2:		15TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10019

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Intec Parent Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20210414

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-008010.txt : 20230317

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

(Mark
One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

OR 

TRANSITION
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from to 

Commission
File Number 

(Exact
name of Registrant as specified in its Charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction 
 of
 incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 Identification
 No.) 

, 

(Address
 of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip
 Code) 

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code: + 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Capital
 Market 
 
 (Title of each class) 
 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 
 (Name of each exchange
 on which registered) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

 None 

Indicate
by check mark if the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. YES NO 

Indicate
by check mark if the Registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. YES NO 

Indicate
by check mark whether the Registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. YES NO 

Indicate
by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant
was required to submit such files). YES NO 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company,
or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller
reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). YES 

At
June 30, 2022, the last business day of the Registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, the aggregate market value
of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the Registrant was . 

The
number of shares of Registrant s common stock outstanding as of March 17, 2023 was . 

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Table
 of Contents 
 Page 
 
 PART I 

Item
 1. 
 Business 
 7 
 
 Item
 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 23 
 
 Item
 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 58 
 
 Item
 2. 
 Properties 
 58 
 
 Item
 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 58 
 
 Item
 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 58 
 
 PART II 

Item
 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 59 
 
 Item
 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 59 
 
 Item
 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 59 
 
 Item
 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 66 
 
 Item
 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 F-1 
 
 Item
 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 67 
 
 Item
 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 67 
 
 Item
 9B. 
 Other Information 
 67 
 
 Item
 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 67 
 
 PART III 

Item
 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 68 
 
 Item
 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 72 
 
 Item
 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 72 
 
 Item
 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 72 
 
 Item
 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 72 
 
 PART IV 

Item
 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 73 
 
 Item
 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 74 

2 

ABOUT
THIS ANNUAL REPORT 

All
references to we, us, our, Indaptus Therapeutics , Indaptus , the
Company and our company , in this Annual Report on Form 10- K, or our Annual Report, are to Indaptus Therapeutics,
Inc. (formerly Intec Parent, Inc.) and, where appropriate, its consolidated subsidiaries, Intec Pharma Ltd. and Decoy Biosystems, Inc.
following the Domestication Merger and the Merger described elsewhere in this Annual Report. References to Intec Parent 
refer to Intec Parent, Inc., the successor of Intec Pharma Ltd. following the Domestication Merger, references to Intec Israel 
refer to Intec Pharma Ltd., the predecessor of Indaptus prior to the Domestication Merger, and references to Decoy refer
to Decoy Biosystems, Inc., the entity acquired by Indaptus in connection with the Merger. All references to common stock 
and share capital refer to common stock and share capital of Indaptus. Our historical results do not necessarily indicate
our expected results for any future periods. Any discrepancies in any table between totals and sums of the amounts listed are due to
rounding. Unless otherwise indicated, or the context otherwise requires, references in this Annual Report to financial and operational
data for a particular year refer to the fiscal year of our Company ended December 31 of that year. 

EXPLANATORY
NOTE 

Market
data and certain industry data and forecasts used throughout this Annual Report were obtained from market research databases, consultant
surveys commissioned by us, publicly available information, reports of governmental agencies and industry publications and surveys. Industry
surveys, publications, consultant surveys commissioned by us and forecasts generally state that the information contained therein has
been obtained from sources believed to be reliable. We have relied on certain data from third-party sources, including internal surveys,
industry forecasts and market research, which we believe to be reliable based on our management s knowledge of the industry. Statements
as to our market position are based on the most currently available data. While we are not aware of any misstatements regarding the industry
data presented in this Annual Report, our estimates involve risks and uncertainties and are subject to change based on various factors,
including those discussed under Part I. Item 1A. Risk Factors in this Annual Report. 

3 

CAUTIONARY
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This
Annual Report contains, and management may make, certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation
Reform Act of 1995. All statements other than statements of historical facts contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are forward-looking
statements. In some cases, forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of terms such as believe, expect, 
 intend, plan, may, should, anticipate, could, might, 
 seek, target, will, project, forecast, continue or
their negatives or variations of these words or other comparable words. These statements include, without limitation, our statements
about: our product candidate development, including the timing and design of the Phase I clinical trial of Decoy20; our plans to develop
and commercialize our product candidates; the market potential and treatment potential of our product candidates, including Decoy20;
 our commercialization, marketing and manufacturing capabilities and strategy; our expectations
about the willingness of healthcare professionals to use our product candidates; our general business strategy and the
plans and objectives of management for future operations ; our research and development activities
and costs; our future results of operations and condition; and the sufficiency of our cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities
to fund our ongoing activities; and the anticipated impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business. 

The
forward-looking statements in this Annual Report are only predictions and are based largely on our current expectations and projections
about future events and financial trends that we believe may affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. These
forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this Annual Report and are subject to a number of known and unknown risks, uncertainties
and assumptions, including those described under the sections in this Annual Report entitled Summary Risk Factors, Part
I. Item 1A. Risk Factors and Part II. Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations and elsewhere in this Annual Report. 

Because
forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties, some of which cannot be predicted or quantified and some
of which are beyond our control, you should not rely on these forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. The events
and circumstances reflected in our forward-looking statements may not be achieved or occur and actual results could differ materially
from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Moreover, we operate in an evolving environment. New risk factors and uncertainties
may emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for management to predict all risk factors and uncertainties. 

Except
as required by applicable law, we do not plan to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements contained herein, whether as
a result of any new information, future events, changed circumstances or otherwise. We intend the forward-looking statements contained
in this Annual Report to be covered by the safe harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in Section 27A of the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act. 

4 

Summary
Risk Factors 

The
principal factors and uncertainties that make investing in our common stock risky, include, among others: 

We
 are a clinical-stage company with a limited operating history. We are not currently profitable, do not expect to become profitable
 in the near future and may never become profitable. 

Given
 our lack of current cash flow, we will need to raise additional capital. If we are unable to raise a sufficient amount of capital
 when needed on acceptable terms or at all, we may be forced to delay, limit or eliminate some or all of our research programs, product
 development activities and commercialization efforts. 

Raising
 additional capital would cause dilution to our existing shareholders and may restrict our operations or require us to relinquish
 rights to our technologies or product candidates. 

Clinical
 and preclinical development involves a lengthy and expensive process with an uncertain outcome. Any difficulties or delays in the
 commencement or completion, or the termination or suspension, of our current or planned clinical trials could result in increased
 costs to us, delay or limit our ability to generate revenue or adversely affect our commercial prospects. 

We
 expect to continue to incur significant research and development expenses and other operating expenses, which may make it difficult
 for us to attain profitability. 

We
 may expend our limited resources to pursue a limited number of research programs, product candidates and specific indications and
 fail to capitalize on product candidates or indications that may be more profitable or for which there is a greater likelihood of
 success. 

Our
 product candidates may cause undesirable side effects that could delay or prevent their regulatory approval or commercialization
 or have other significant adverse implications on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

The
 commercial success of our product candidates depends upon their market acceptance among physicians, patients, healthcare payors and
 the medical community. 

We
 rely on third parties to conduct our preclinical studies and clinical trials and perform other tasks. If these third parties do not
 successfully carry out their contractual duties, meet expected deadlines, or comply with regulatory requirements, we may not be able
 to obtain regulatory approval for or commercialize our product candidates and our business, financial condition and results of operations
 could be substantially harmed. 

We
 currently rely on third parties for the manufacture of our product candidates during clinical development, and expect to continue
 to rely on third parties for the foreseeable future. This reliance on third parties increases the risk that we will not have sufficient
 quantities of our product candidates, or such quantities at an acceptable cost, which could delay, prevent or impair our development
 or potential commercialization efforts. 

The
 successful commercialization of Decoy20 or any future product candidates, if approved, will depend in part on the extent to which
 governmental authorities and health insurers establish coverage, adequate reimbursement levels and favorable pricing policies. Failure
 to obtain or maintain coverage and adequate reimbursement for our products could limit our ability to market those products and decrease
 our ability to generate revenue. 

Recently
 enacted legislation, future legislation and healthcare reform measures may increase the difficulty and cost for us to obtain marketing
 approval for and commercialize Decoy20 and any future product candidates and may affect the prices we may set. 

5 

If
 our competitors have product candidates that are approved faster, marketed more effectively, are better tolerated, have a more favorable
 safety profile or are demonstrated to be more effective than our product candidates, our commercial opportunity may be adversely
 affected. 

Any
 product candidates for which we intend to seek approval as biologic products may face competition sooner than anticipated. 

We
 may not be able to adequately protect our proprietary or licensed technology in the marketplace. 

We
 may not be successful in obtaining or maintaining necessary rights to our product candidates through acquisitions and in-licenses. 

We
 are subject to various U.S. federal, state and foreign healthcare laws and regulations, which could increase compliance costs, and
 our failure to comply with these laws and regulations could harm our results of operations and financial condition. 

Actual
 or perceived failures to comply with applicable data protection, privacy and security laws, regulations, standards and other requirements
 could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 

A
 pandemic, epidemic or outbreak of an infectious disease, such as COVID-19, may materially and adversely affect our business and operations. 

Our
 business and operations may suffer in the event of information technology system failures, cyberattacks or deficiencies in our cybersecurity. 

Maintaining
 and improving our financial controls and the requirements of being a public company may strain our resources, divert management s
 attention and affect our ability to attract and retain qualified board members. 

Unfavorable
 global economic conditions could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

The
 market price of our common stock is volatile and you may sustain a complete loss of your investment. 

6 

PART
I 

Item
1. Business. 

Overview 

We
are a clinical biotechnology company developing a novel and patented systemically-administered anti-cancer and anti-viral immunotherapy.
We have evolved from more than a century of immunotherapy advances. Our approach is based on the hypothesis that efficient activation
of both innate and adaptive immune cells and associated anti-tumor and anti-viral immune responses will require a multi-targeted package
of immune system activating signals that can be administered safely intravenously. Our patented technology is composed of single strains
of attenuated and killed, non-pathogenic, Gram-negative bacteria, designed to have reduced i.v. toxicity, but largely uncompromised ability
to prime or activate many of the cellular components of innate and adaptive immunity. This approach has led to broad anti-tumor and anti-viral
activity in pre-clinical models, including durable anti-tumor response synergy observed with each of five different classes of existing
agents, including checkpoint therapy, targeted antibody therapy and low-dose chemotherapy. Tumor eradication by our technology has demonstrated
activation of both innate and adaptive immunological memory and, importantly, did not require provision of or targeting a tumor antigen
in pre-clinical models. We have carried out successful current Good Manufacturing Practice (cGMP) manufacturing of our lead clinical
candidate, Decoy20, and completed other Investigational New Drug application (IND) enabling studies. 

Unlike
many competitor products, our technology does not depend on targeting with or to a specific antigen, providing broad potential across
multiple indications. Our products are designed to have a much shorter half-life and produce less systemic exposure than small molecule,
antibody or human cell-based therapies, potentially reducing the risk of non-specific auto-immune reactions. Our technology has produced
single agent activity and/or combination therapy-based durable responses in lymphoma, hepatocellular, colorectal and pancreatic tumors
and has also showed activity against hepatitis B virus (HBV) and HIV infection in standard pre-clinical models. In
May 2022, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration cleared our Investigational New Drug, or IND, application for a Phase 1 clinical trial
in patients with advanced solid tumors where currently approved therapies have failed and in December 2022, we initiated this
Phase 1 clinical trial. Target indications include, but are not limited to, colorectal, hepatocellular HBV), bladder, cervical
and pancreatic carcinoma, which according to GLOBOCAN 2020, account in the aggregate for 23 of yearly cancer cases and over 28 of yearly
cancer deaths world-wide. 

Historically,
we have operated virtually with a team of highly experienced consultants and advisors, carrying out research and development at contract
research organizations (CROs). We have a broad patent portfolio with 34 granted patents and 16 pending patent applications. Since our
inception, we have funded our operations primarily through public and private offerings of our equity securities. 

Background 

Approved
immunotherapies, such as Interluekin-2, Interferon-alpha and the more recently approved checkpoint and CAR-T therapies
produce durable responses in a few percent to about fifty percent of patients across about a dozen out of over one hundred different
types of cancer. Although checkpoint therapies are able to effectively cure many previously incurable patients, only about 15 of patients
receiving this type of therapy respond. The main limitation of existing immunotherapies is that they each activate only one or a small
number of key steps in either the innate or adaptive immune system, but there is general agreement that highly efficient cancer immunotherapy
will require activation of both innate and adaptive immunity. The human body s innate and adaptive immune systems are each capable
of cell-mediated destruction of tumors if the tumor cells are recognized as foreign or damaged. Activation of innate and adaptive responses
is also dependent on immune cells sensing the presence of danger. The most potent immune cell activating danger signals
are released by bacteria and viruses in the setting of infection, and include agonists of immune cell receptors, such as Toll-Like (TLR),
NOD and STING. Bacterial danger signals, including TLR agonists are called pathogen-associated molecular patterns (PAMPs) and can activate
both innate and adaptive immune cells, including antigen-presenting cells, promoting innate (NK, macrophage) and adaptive (T cell-mediated)
destruction of tumors. 

7 

The
oldest form of cancer immunotherapy involves the provision of decoy danger signals from bacteria. It was based on the long-standing observation
of tumor regression in the setting of bacterial infection. Treatment of cancer patients with heat-killed bacteria Coley s
toxins was established in 1891 and used for 70 years with significant success. For example, 5-year survival was reported
for 45 of 432 inoperable sarcoma, lymphoma, melanoma, and carcinoma patients. Despite this success, several limitations led to the abandonment
of this approach by the pharmaceutical industry. Although there was an indication that Coley s toxins worked best when administered
intravenously (i.v.), it was too toxic when given by this route, limiting the approach to local administration, which produced highly
variable results. Another limitation was lack of knowledge about the mechanism of action, preventing optimization and standardization
of manufacturing, leading to another source of variability in clinical response. Due to this high variability, Coley s toxins was
not grandfathered-in as an approved drug by the FDA in 1963 and was supplanted by radiation and chemotherapy, despite the fact that these
more modern approaches rarely produce durable responses in advanced cancer patients. Scientists now understand the mechanism of action
of Coley s toxins. Gram-negative bacteria contain multiple immune-stimulating danger signals, including TLR agonists such as lipopolysaccharide
(LPS). Bacteria and purified or mono-specific TLR agonists, including LPS derivatives, have been validated and approved for prevention
and treatment of early stage cancer. However, a safe and effective TLR agonist-based approach for advanced cancer has been elusive, possibly
due to limitations in the ability of intratumorally administered, mono-specific TLR agonists to induce potent, systemic anti-tumor immune
responses. In addition, the intratumoral approach is not feasible with all tumor types or patients. Our hypothesis is that an effective
TLR agonist-based immunotherapy for advanced cancer will require invention of a packaged, multi-TLR agonist or multi-danger signal product
that is modified or attenuated to allow safe i.v. administration. 

Our
Approach 

Our
patented approach is based on the hypothesis that efficient activation of both innate and adaptive immune cells and associated anti-tumor
immune responses can be achieved by using intact bacteria, containing multiple PAMPs, which have been attenuated so that they can be
administered safely intravenously. Because LPS appears to be the most important contributor to both toxicity and efficacy, our patented
product candidates are single strains of killed, non-pathogenic Gram-negative bacteria that have been treated in an effort to kill the
bacteria and significantly reduce, but not completely eliminate, the cell surface LPS-endotoxin activity. Our product candidates are
designed to have enhanced sufficient residual LPS to synergize with other PAMPs in the bacteria to efficiently prime innate and adaptive
immune pathways. This approach has led to broad anti-tumor responses, including synergistic regressions and durable responses with five
different classes of existing anti-tumor agents, in preclinical models, including checkpoint therapy, targeted antibody therapy and low-dose
chemotherapy. Tumor eradication by our technology is designed to produce both innate and adaptive immunological memory and, importantly,
not require provision of an exogenous tumor antigen, potentially due to the ability of LPS and other PAMPS to activate dendritic cells
that have already captured a tumor antigen. 

All
immune cells can participate in killing of tumors and viruses. As illustrated below, current therapies activate only one or a small subset
of both pathways and cure only a small percentage of patients. 

8 

Our
technology, however, is designed to synergize with existing therapies to activate both innate and adaptive immune cells, inducing efficient
anti- tumor immune responses with a wide safety margin. Induction of adaptive anti-tumor immune responses and immunological memory by
our technology does not require an exogenous tumor antigen. 

Innate
and adaptive immune responses require identification of a tumor as foreign or not self. However, most steps required for migration and
activation of immune cells are unrelated to the tumor or are tumor non-specific. All innate and adaptive non-specific steps are induced
or promoted by immune system danger signal molecules, such as those found in our bacteria. Bacteria-derived danger signals
are also able to enhance the processing and recognition of tumor antigens, which are frequently present, but not seen by
the immune system. 

Results 

We
have developed patented treatment methods (and associated patented compositions) for attenuation and killing of non-pathogenic, Gram-negative
bacteria (34 issued or granted patents). In preclinical models, Indaptus treated bacteria induced less systemic toxicity than untreated
bacteria but were still able to activate innate and adaptive immune responses. Despite exhibiting reduced in vivo pyrogenicity and a
higher maximally tolerated dose, our bacteria were able to induce secretion of most cytokines and chemokines from mouse and human immune
cells in vitro at levels comparable to those seen with untreated bacteria. Our bacteria were also able to synergize with human immune
cells to kill human tumor cells in vitro. 

9 

We
have observed significant single agent anti-tumor activity and/or combination therapy-mediated regression with durable responses in established
non-Hodgkin s lymphoma, as well as colorectal, hepatocellular and pancreatic carcinoma in pre-clinical syngeneic and human tumor
xenograft models. Our bacteria synergized with each of five different classes of approved agents in preclinical models, including checkpoint
therapy, targeted antibodies, low-dose chemotherapy, non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) and cytokines to induce tumor regression,
providing significant flexibility for targeting of diverse types of cancer. Our technology is designed to eradicate tumors via activation
of both innate (NK cell) and adaptive (CD4+ and CD8+ T cell) mechanisms, with the goal of producing both innate and adaptive immunological
memory. In our preclinical studies, tumor eradication occurred at non-toxic doses of our bacteria, with a very wide (10 to 33-fold)
therapeutic index. Notable mechanism of action information has also been obtained, via gene expression analysis with treated tumors and
plasma cytokine analysis, demonstrating that our combination technology has the potential to turn cold tumors into hot 
tumors and induce, activate or recruit innate and adaptive genes, cells and pathways. Immune cell pre-depletion studies have demonstrated
that both innate (NK) and adaptive (CD4 T and CD8 T) immune cells are involved in tumor eradication. We have also demonstrated significant
single agent activity against chronic Hepatitis B virus (HBV) and human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) infection in standard pre-clinical
models. 

We
have carried out successful cGMP manufacturing and stability studies with our lead product candidate, Decoy20. In addition, IND-enabling
multi-dose toxicology studies have been completed and did not produce sustained induction of factors that are associated with cytokine
release syndrome. 

The
chart above demonstrates that our bacteria synergize with Anti-PD-1 Checkpoint therapy to regress established mouse hepatocellular carcinoma
(HCC) Tumors. All mice (all groups) received a low-dose, non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID/Indomethacin), which increases the
number of regressions in the combination setting. Most regressions were durable, with 5/6 combination regressions stable through termination
at Day 91 and in a repeat experiment through termination at Day 143 (see next Figure below) (CR = complete response or complete regression).
The repeat experiment also produced 5/6 or 6/6 durable regressions per group over a 33-fold Indaptus concentration range and an absence
of safety concerns, demonstrating a very wide therapeutic index. Similar tumor eradication results have been obtained by combining our
bacteria with low-dose chemotherapy in a mouse non-Hodgkin s lymphoma model. Eradication of established non-Hodgkin s lymphoma
tumors by our technology has also been observed with human tumor xenografts, via activation of the innate immune system. Development
and preclinical efficacy characterization of a systemically administered multiple Toll-like receptor (TLR) agonist for antitumor immunotherapy
[abstract]. In: Proceedings of the Fourth CRI-CIMT-EATI-AACR International Cancer Immunotherapy Conference: Translating Science into
Survival Sept 30-Oct 3, 2018 New York, NY. Philadelphia (PA): AACR Cancer Immunol Res 2019 7(2 Suppl):Abstract
nr B178. 

10 

The
chart above illustrates that the synergistic tumor eradication by our technology and Anti-PD-1 produces immunological memory. Established
tumors were regressed in 11 mice by combination treatment as in the Figure above and then the mice were re-challenged with fresh HCC
tumor cells, without further treatment. All of the new tumors were rejected. Similar results have been obtained by combining our bacteria
with low-dose chemotherapy in a non-Hodgkin s lymphoma model. 

In
May 2022, the FDA cleared our IND application for a Phase 1 clinical trial in patients with advanced solid tumors where currently approved
therapies have failed, and in December 2022, we initiated this Phase 1 clinical trial which is an open label, multi-center, dose escalation
and expansion, single arm (monotherapy) study conducted in 2 parts. The Phase 1 study has
begun with a single dose escalation, which is planned to be followed by an expansion part with continuous weekly administration of Decoy20.
The study is enrolling patients with advanced/metastatic solid tumors, who have exhausted approved treatment options. The
study s objectives are to assess the safety and tolerability of Decoy20, to determine the maximum tolerated dose and recommended
phase 2 dose, as well as to assess Decoy20 pharmacokinetics PK ), pharmacodynamics and clinical activity. The primary
endpoint of the study is incidence, relatedness and severity of adverse events and treatment-emergent adverse events and determining
the number of subjects per cohort with dose limiting toxicity-based adverse events. Secondary endpoints include the incidence of anti-drug
antibodies and neutralizing antibodies pre- and post-treatment, change in Decoy20 PK parameters over time, objective response rate in
subjects with measurable disease and duration of response. 

Business
Strategy 

Our
mission is to enhance and expand curative cancer immunotherapy for patients with unresectable or metastatic solid tumors and lymphomas,
which are responsible for approximately 90 of all cancer deaths. 

Our
business strategy includes: 

adding
 operational, financial and management information systems and personnel, including personnel to support our planned product development
 and commercialization efforts, as well as to support our reporting and other compliance obligations as a public reporting company 

advancing
 to the expansion portion of the Phase 1 clinical trial for Decoy20 

expanding
 our bacterial product platform to target additional types of cancer, as well as additional infectious diseases 

maintaining,
 expanding and protecting our intellectual property portfolio and 

seeking
 regulatory approvals for any product candidates that successfully complete clinical trials. 

11 

Competitive
Advantages 

Our
bacteria contain multiple constituents, capable of priming or activating many of the cellular components of both innate and adaptive
immunity, but have been attenuated by a patented process to reduce the potential for over-stimulation of the immune system and consequential
induction of undesirable autoimmune reactions. Our bacteria are also likely to be cleared very quickly by the liver and spleen, which
may further reduce the risk of non-specific autoimmune side effects, relative to other types of immunotherapy that are designed for continuous
exposure. We believe a short Indaptus exposure is sufficient to act alone and as a primer to enhance other products. Additionally,
our products can be manufactured by a highly cost-efficient process, potentially providing accelerated patient access in both developed
and developing geographical regions. 

Governmental
Regulation 

Among
others, the FDA and comparable regulatory authorities in state and local jurisdictions and in other countries impose substantial and
burdensome requirements upon companies involved in the clinical development, manufacture, marketing and distribution of drugs such as
those we are developing. These agencies and other federal, state and local entities regulate, among other things, the research and development,
testing, manufacture, quality control, safety, effectiveness, labeling, storage, record keeping, approval, advertising and promotion,
distribution, post-approval monitoring and reporting, sampling and export and import of our product candidates. 

U.S.
Regulation of Drugs and Biologics 

In
the United States, the FDA regulates drugs under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (FDCA) and its implementing regulations, and
biologics under the FDCA and the Public Health Service Act (PHSA) and its implementing regulations. FDA approval is required before any
new unapproved drug or dosage form, including a new use of a previously approved drug, can be marketed in the United States. Drugs and
biologics are also subject to other federal, state, and local statutes and regulations. The process required by the FDA before product
candidates may be marketed in the United States generally involves the following: 

completion
 of extensive preclinical laboratory tests, animal studies and formulation studies, performed in accordance with the Good Laboratory
 Practices (GLP) regulations and other applicable regulations; 

submission
 to the FDA an IND, which must become effective before human clinical studies may begin and must be updated annually; 

approval
 by an independent institutional review board (IRB) or ethics committee representing each clinical site before each clinical study
 may be initiated; 

performance
 of adequate and well-controlled human clinical studies in accordance with Good Clinical Practice (GCP), requirements to establish
 the safety and efficacy, or with respect to biologics, the safety, purity and potency of the product candidate for each proposed
 indication; 

preparation
 of and submission to the FDA of a new drug application (NDA) or biologics license application, (BLA), after completion of all pivotal
 clinical studies; 

a
 determination by the FDA within 60 days of its receipt of an NDA or BLA to file the application for review; 

potential
 review of the product application by an FDA advisory committee, where appropriate and if applicable; 

satisfactory
 completion of an FDA pre-approval inspection of the manufacturing facilities where the proposed product drug is produced to assess
 compliance with cGMP, to assure that the facilities, methods and controls are adequate to preserve the drug s identity, strength,
 quality and purity, and of potential inspection of selected clinical investigation sites to assess compliance with GCPs; and 

FDA
 review and approval of an NDA or BLA prior to any commercial marketing or sale of the drug in the United States. 

12 

Once
a product candidate is identified for development, it enters the preclinical testing stage. Preclinical tests include laboratory evaluations
of product chemistry, toxicity and formulation, as well as animal studies. An IND sponsor must submit the results of the preclinical
tests, together with manufacturing information and analytical data, to the FDA as part of an IND. An IND is a request for authorization
from the FDA to administer an investigational drug product to humans. An IND will also include a protocol detailing, among other things,
the objectives of the clinical trial, the parameters to be used in monitoring safety, and the effectiveness criteria to be evaluated,
if the trial includes an efficacy evaluation. Some preclinical testing may continue even after the IND is submitted. The IND automatically
becomes effective 30 days after receipt by the FDA, unless the FDA, within the 30-day time period, places the clinical trial on a clinical
hold. In such a case, the IND sponsor and the FDA must resolve any outstanding concerns before the clinical trial can begin. Clinical
holds also may be imposed by the FDA at any time before or during clinical trials due to safety concerns about on-going or proposed clinical
trials or non-compliance with specific FDA requirements, and the trials may not begin or continue until the FDA notifies the sponsor
that the hold has been lifted. 

All
clinical trials must be conducted under the supervision of one or more qualified investigators in accordance with GCPs, which include
the requirement that all research subjects provide their informed consent in writing for their participation in any clinical trial. Clinical
trials must be conducted under protocols detailing the objectives of the trial, dosing procedures, subject selection and exclusion criteria
and the safety and effectiveness criteria to be evaluated. Each protocol must be submitted to the FDA as part of the IND, and a separate
submission to the existing IND must be made for each successive clinical trial conducted during product development and for any subsequent
protocol amendments. While the IND is active, progress reports summarizing the results of the clinical trials and nonclinical studies
performed since the last progress report, among other information, must be submitted at least annually to the FDA, and written IND safety
reports must be submitted to the FDA and investigators for serious and unexpected suspected adverse events, findings from other studies
suggesting a significant risk to humans exposed to the same or similar drugs, findings from animal or in vitro testing suggesting a significant
risk to humans, and any clinically important increased incidence of a serious suspected adverse reaction compared to that listed in the
protocol or investigator brochure. 

Furthermore,
an independent IRB at each institution participating in the clinical trial must review and approve each protocol before a clinical trial
commences at that institution and must also approve the information regarding the trial and the consent form that must be provided to
each trial subject or his or her legal representative, monitor the study until completed and otherwise comply with IRB regulations. The
FDA or the sponsor may suspend a clinical trial at any time on various grounds, including a finding that the research subjects or patients
are being exposed to an unacceptable health risk. Similarly, an IRB can suspend or terminate approval of a clinical trial at its institution
if the clinical trial is not being conducted in accordance with the IRB s requirements or if the drug has been associated with
unexpected serious harm to patients. In addition, some clinical trials are overseen by an independent group of qualified experts organized
by the sponsor, known as a data safety monitoring board or committee. Depending on its charter, this group may determine whether a trial
may move forward at designated check points based on access to certain data from the trial. There are also requirements governing the
reporting of ongoing clinical studies and clinical study results to public registries, including clinicaltrials.gov. 

The
clinical investigation of a drug is generally divided into three phases. Although the phases are usually conducted sequentially, they
may overlap or be combined. 

Phase
 1. The product candidate is initially introduced into healthy human subjects or patients with the target disease or condition. These
 studies are designed to test the safety, dosage tolerance, absorption, metabolism and distribution of the investigational product
 in humans, the side effects associated with increasing doses, and, if possible, to gain early evidence on effectiveness. 

Phase
 2. The product candidate is administered to a limited patient population with a specified disease or condition to evaluate the preliminary
 efficacy, optimal dosages and dosing schedule and to identify possible adverse side effects and safety risks. Multiple Phase 2 clinical
 trials may be conducted to obtain information prior to beginning larger and more expensive Phase 3 clinical trials. 

Phase
 3. The product candidate is administered to an expanded patient population to further evaluate dosage, to provide statistically significant
 evidence of clinical efficacy and to further test for safety, generally at multiple geographically dispersed clinical trial sites.
 These clinical trials are intended to establish the overall risk/benefit ratio of the investigational product and to provide an adequate
 basis for product approval. 

13 

Post-approval
trials, sometimes referred to as Phase 4 studies, may be conducted after initial marketing approval. These trials are used to gain additional
experience from the treatment of patients in the intended therapeutic indication. In certain instances, the FDA may mandate the performance
of Phase 4 clinical trials as a condition of approval of an NDA. 

During
the development of a product candidate, sponsors are given opportunities to meet with the FDA at certain points. These points may be
prior to submission of an IND, at the end of Phase 2, and before an NDA or BLA is submitted. Meetings at other times may be requested.
These meetings can provide an opportunity for the sponsor to share information about the data gathered to date, for the FDA to provide
advice, and for the sponsor and the FDA to reach agreement on the next phase of development. Concurrent with clinical trials, companies
usually complete additional animal studies and must also develop additional information about the chemistry and physical characteristics
of the drug and finalize a process for manufacturing the product in commercial quantities in accordance with cGMPs. The manufacturing
process must be capable of consistently producing quality batches of the product candidate and, among other things, the manufacturer
must develop methods for testing the identity, strength, quality and purity of the final drug. In addition, appropriate packaging must
be selected and tested, and stability studies must be conducted to demonstrate that the product candidate does not undergo unacceptable
deterioration over its shelf life. 

NDA
and BLA Review Process 

Assuming
successful completion of all required testing in accordance with all applicable regulatory requirements, the results of product development,
nonclinical studies and clinical trials are submitted to the FDA as part of an NDA or BLA requesting approval to market the product for
one or more indications. The NDA or BLA must include all relevant data available from pertinent preclinical studies and clinical trials,
including negative or ambiguous results as well as positive findings, together with detailed information relating to the product s
CMC and proposed labeling, among other things. Data can come from company-sponsored clinical studies intended to test the safety and
effectiveness of the product, or from a number of alternative sources, including studies initiated and sponsored by investigators. The
submission of an NDA or BLA requires payment of a substantial application user fee to the FDA, unless a waiver or exemption applies. 

In
addition, under the Pediatric Research Equity Act, or PREA, an NDA or BLA or supplement to an NDA or BLA must contain data to assess
the safety and effectiveness of the biological product candidate for the claimed indications in all relevant pediatric subpopulations
and to support dosing and administration for each pediatric subpopulation for which the product is safe and effective. The Food and Drug
Administration Safety and Innovation Act requires that a sponsor who is planning to submit a marketing application for a drug or biological
product that includes a new active ingredient, new indication, new dosage form, new dosing regimen or new route of administration submit
an initial pediatric study plan within sixty days after an end-of-Phase 2 meeting or as may be agreed between the sponsor and FDA. Unless
otherwise required by regulation, PREA does not apply to any drug or biological product for an indication for which orphan designation
has been granted. 

Within
60 days following submission of the application, the FDA reviews the submitted BLA or NDA to determine if the application is substantially
complete before the agency accepts it for filing. The FDA may refuse to file any NDA or BLA that it deems incomplete or not properly
reviewable at the time of submission and may request additional information. In this event, the NDA or BLA must be resubmitted with the
additional information. Once an NDA or BLA has been accepted for filing, the FDA s goal is to review standard applications within
ten months after the filing date, or, if the application qualifies for priority review, six months after the FDA accepts the application
for filing. In both standard and priority reviews, the review process may also be extended by FDA requests for additional information
or clarification. The FDA reviews an NDA to determine, among other things, whether a product candidate is safe and effective for its
intended use and whether its manufacturing is sufficient to assure and preserve the product s identity, strength, quality and purity.
The FDA reviews a BLA to determine, among other things, whether a product candidate is safe, pure and potent and the facility in which
it is manufactured, processed, packed or held meets standards designed to assure the product s continued safety, purity and potency.
When reviewing an NDA or BLA, the FDA may convene an advisory committee to provide clinical insight on application review questions.
The FDA is not bound by the recommendations of an advisory committee, but it considers such recommendations carefully when making decisions. 

14 

Before
approving an NDA or BLA, the FDA will typically inspect the facility or facilities where the product is manufactured. The FDA will not
approve an application unless it determines that the manufacturing processes and facilities are in compliance with cGMP requirements
and adequate to assure consistent production of the product within required specifications. Additionally, before approving an NDA or
BLA, the FDA will typically inspect one or more clinical sites to assure compliance with GCP. 

After
the FDA evaluates the NDA or BLA and conducts inspections of manufacturing facilities where the investigational product and/or its drug
substance will be produced, the FDA may issue an approval letter or a Complete Response Letter, or CRL. An approval letter authorizes
commercial marketing of the product with specific prescribing information for specific indications. A CRL will describe all of the deficiencies
that the FDA has identified in the NDA or BLA, except that where the FDA determines that the data supporting the application are inadequate
to support approval, the FDA may issue the CRL without first conducting required inspections, testing submitted product lots and/or reviewing
proposed labeling. In issuing the CRL, the FDA may recommend actions that the applicant might take to place the NDA or BLA in condition
for approval, including requests for additional information or clarification. The FDA may delay or refuse approval of an NDA or BLA if
applicable regulatory criteria are not satisfied, require additional testing or information and/or require post-marketing testing and
surveillance to monitor safety or efficacy of a product. 

If
regulatory approval of a product is granted, such approval will be granted for particular indications and may entail limitations on the
indicated uses for which such product may be marketed. For example, the FDA may approve the NDA or BLA with a Risk Evaluation and Mitigation
Strategy, or REMS, to ensure the benefits of the product outweigh its risks. A REMS is a safety strategy to manage a known or potential
serious risk associated with a product and to enable patients to have continued access to such medicines by managing their safe use,
and could include medication guides, physician communication plans, or elements to assure safe use, such as restricted distribution methods,
patient registries and other risk minimization tools. The FDA also may condition approval on, among other things, changes to proposed
labeling or the development of adequate controls and specifications. Once approved, the FDA may withdraw the product approval if compliance
with pre- and post-marketing requirements is not maintained or if problems occur after the product reaches the marketplace. The FDA may
require one or more Phase 4 post-market studies and surveillance to further assess and monitor the product s safety and effectiveness
after commercialization, and may limit further marketing of the product based on the results of these post-marketing studies. 

Expedited
Development and Review Programs 

The
FDA offers a number of expedited development and review programs for qualifying product candidates. For example, the fast track program
is intended to expedite or facilitate the process for reviewing new products that meet certain criteria. Specifically, product candidates
are eligible for fast track designation if they are intended to treat a serious or life-threatening disease or condition and demonstrate
the potential to address unmet medical needs for the disease or condition. Fast track designation applies to the combination of the product
candidate and the specific indication for which it is being studied. The sponsor of a fast track product candidate has opportunities
for more frequent interactions with the review team during product development and, once an NDA or BLA is submitted, the application
may be eligible for priority review. A fast track product candidate may also be eligible for rolling review, where the FDA may consider
for review sections of the NDA or BLA on a rolling basis before the complete application is submitted, if the sponsor provides a schedule
for the submission of the sections of the NDA or BLA, the FDA agrees to accept sections of the NDA or BLA and determines that the schedule
is acceptable, and the sponsor pays any required user fees upon submission of the first section of the NDA or BLA. 

A
product candidate intended to treat a serious or life-threatening disease or condition may also be eligible for breakthrough therapy
designation to expedite its development and review. A product candidate can receive breakthrough therapy designation if preliminary clinical
evidence indicates that the product candidate, alone or in combination with one or more other drugs or biologics, may demonstrate substantial
improvement over existing therapies on one or more clinically significant endpoints, such as substantial treatment effects observed early
in clinical development. The designation includes all of the fast track program features, as well as more intensive FDA interaction and
guidance beginning as early as Phase 1 and an organizational commitment to expedite the development and review of the product candidate,
including involvement of senior managers. 

15 

Any
marketing application for a drug or biologic submitted to the FDA for approval, including a product candidate with a fast track designation
and/or breakthrough therapy designation, may be eligible for other types of FDA programs intended to expedite the FDA review and approval
process, such as priority review and accelerated approval. A product candidate is eligible for priority review if it has the potential
to provide a significant improvement in the treatment, diagnosis or prevention of a serious disease or condition. For new-molecular-entity
NDAs and original BLAs, priority review designation means the FDA s goal is to take action on the marketing application within
six months of the 60-day filing date (as compared to ten months under standard review). 

Additionally,
product candidates studied for their safety and effectiveness in treating serious or life-threatening diseases or conditions may receive
accelerated approval upon a determination that the product candidate has an effect on a surrogate endpoint that is reasonably likely
to predict clinical benefit, or on a clinical endpoint that can be measured earlier than irreversible morbidity or mortality, that is
reasonably likely to predict an effect on irreversible morbidity or mortality or other clinical benefit, taking into account the severity,
rarity, or prevalence of the condition and the availability or lack of alternative treatments. As a condition of accelerated approval,
the FDA will generally require the sponsor to perform adequate and well-controlled post-marketing clinical studies to verify and describe
the anticipated effect on irreversible morbidity or mortality or other clinical benefit. Products receiving accelerated approval may
be subject to expedited withdrawal procedures if the sponsor fails to conduct the required post-marketing studies in a timely manner
or if such studies fail to verify the predicted clinical benefit. In addition, the FDA currently requires as a condition for accelerated
approval pre-approval of promotional materials, which could adversely impact the timing of the commercial launch of the product. 

Fast
track designation, breakthrough therapy designation, priority review, and accelerated approval do not change the standards for approval
but may expedite the development or approval process. Even if a product qualifies for one or more of these programs, the FDA may later
decide that the product no longer meets the conditions for qualification or decide that the time period for FDA review or approval will
not be shortened. We may explore some of these opportunities for our product candidates as appropriate. 

16 

Post-Approval
Requirements 

Any
products manufactured or distributed pursuant to FDA approvals are subject to pervasive and continuing regulation by the FDA, including,
among other things, requirements relating to record-keeping, reporting of adverse experiences, periodic reporting, product sampling and
distribution, and advertising and promotion of the product. After approval, most changes to the approved product, such as adding new
indications or other labeling claims, are subject to prior FDA review and approval. There also are continuing user fee requirements,
under which the FDA assesses an annual program fee for each product identified in an approved NDA or BLA. Drug and biologic manufacturers
and their subcontractors are required to register their establishments with the FDA and certain state agencies, and are subject to periodic
unannounced inspections by the FDA and certain state agencies for compliance with cGMPs, which impose certain procedural and documentation
requirements upon us and our third-party manufacturers. Changes to the manufacturing process are strictly regulated, and, depending on
the significance of the change, may require prior FDA approval before being implemented. FDA regulations also require investigation and
correction of any deviations from cGMPs and impose reporting requirements upon us and any third-party manufacturers that we may decide
to use. Accordingly, manufacturers must continue to expend time, money and effort in the area of production and quality control to maintain
compliance with cGMPs and other aspects of regulatory compliance. 

The
FDA may withdraw approval if compliance with regulatory requirements and standards is not maintained or if problems occur after the product
reaches the market. Later discovery of previously unknown problems with a product, including adverse events of unanticipated severity
or frequency, or with manufacturing processes, or failure to comply with regulatory requirements, may result in revisions to the approved
labeling to add new safety information; imposition of post-market studies or clinical studies to assess new safety risks; or imposition
of distribution restrictions or other restrictions under a REMS program. Other potential consequences include, among other things: 

restrictions
 on the marketing or manufacturing of a product, complete withdrawal of the product from the market or product recalls; 

fines,
 warning letters or holds on post-approval clinical studies; 

refusal
 of the FDA to approve pending applications or supplements to approved applications, or suspension or revocation of existing product
 approvals; 

product
 seizure or detention, or refusal of the FDA to permit the import or export of products; 

consent
 decrees, corporate integrity agreements, debarment or exclusion from federal healthcare programs; 

mandated
 modification of promotional materials and labeling and the issuance of corrective information; 

the
 issuance of safety alerts, Dear Healthcare Provider letters, press releases and other communications containing warnings or other
 safety information about the product; or 

injunctions
 or the imposition of civil or criminal penalties. 

The
FDA closely regulates the marketing, labeling, advertising and promotion of drug products and biologics. A company can make only those
claims relating to safety and efficacy, purity and potency that are approved by the FDA and in accordance with the provisions of the
approved label. The FDA and other agencies actively enforce the laws and regulations prohibiting the promotion of off-label uses. Failure
to comply with these requirements can result in, among other things, adverse publicity, warning letters, corrective advertising and potential
civil and criminal penalties. Physicians may prescribe legally available products for uses that are not described in the product s
labeling and that differ from those tested by us and approved by the FDA. Such off-label uses are common across medical specialties.
Physicians may believe that such off-label uses are the best treatment for many patients in varied circumstances. The FDA does not regulate
the behavior of physicians in their choice of treatments. The FDA does, however, restrict manufacturer s communications on the
subject of off-label use of their products. 

17 

Drug
Product Marketing Exclusivity 

Market
exclusivity provisions authorized under the FDCA can delay the submission or the approval of certain marketing applications. For example,
the FDCA provides a five-year period of non-patent data exclusivity within the United States to the first applicant to obtain approval
of an NDA for a new chemical entity. A drug is a new chemical entity if the FDA has not previously approved any other new drug containing
the same active moiety, which is the molecule or ion responsible for the action of the drug substance. During the exclusivity period,
the FDA may not approve or even accept for review an abbreviated new drug application, or ANDA, or an NDA submitted under Section 505(b)(2),
or 505(b)(2) NDA, submitted by another company for another drug based on the same active moiety, regardless of whether the drug is intended
for the same indication as the original innovative drug or for another indication, where the applicant does not own or have a legal right
of reference to all the data required for approval. However, an application may be submitted after four years if it contains a certification
of patent invalidity or non-infringement to one of the patents listed with the FDA by the innovator NDA holder. 

The
FDCA alternatively provides three years of marketing exclusivity for an NDA, or supplement to an existing NDA if new clinical investigations,
other than bioavailability studies, that were conducted or sponsored by the applicant are deemed by the FDA to be essential to the approval
of the application, for example new indications, dosages or strengths of an existing drug. This three-year exclusivity covers only the
modification for which the drug received approval on the basis of the new clinical investigations and does not prohibit the FDA from
approving ANDAs or 505(b)(2) NDAs for drugs containing the active agent for the original indication or condition of use. Five-year and
three-year exclusivity will not delay the submission or approval of a full NDA. However, an applicant submitting a full NDA would be
required to conduct or obtain a right of reference to any preclinical studies and adequate and well-controlled clinical trials necessary
to demonstrate safety and effectiveness. 

Pediatric
exclusivity is another type of marketing exclusivity available in the United States. Pediatric exclusivity provides for an additional
six months of marketing exclusivity attached to another period of exclusivity if a sponsor conducts clinical trials in children in response
to a written request from the FDA. The issuance of a written request does not require the sponsor to undertake the described clinical
trials. In addition, orphan drug exclusivity, as described above, may offer a seven-year period of marketing exclusivity, except in certain
circumstances. 

Biosimilars
and Reference Product Exclusivity 

The
Biologics Price Competition and Innovation Act of 2009, or BPCIA, created an abbreviated approval pathway for biological products that
are highly similar, or biosimilar, to or interchangeable with an FDA-approved reference biological product. The FDA has
issued several guidance documents outlining an approach to review and approval of biosimilars. Biosimilarity, which requires that there
be no clinically meaningful differences between the biological product and the reference product in terms of safety, purity, and potency,
is generally shown through analytical studies, animal studies, and a clinical study or studies. Interchangeability requires that a product
is biosimilar to the reference product and the product must demonstrate that it can be expected to produce the same clinical results
as the reference product in any given patient and, for products that are administered multiple times to an individual, the biologic and
the reference biologic may be alternated or switched after one has been previously administered without increasing safety risks or risks
of diminished efficacy relative to exclusive use of the reference biologic. A product shown to be biosimilar or interchangeable with
an FDA-approved reference biological product may rely in part on the FDA s previous determination of safety and effectiveness for
the reference product for approval, which can potentially reduce the cost and time required to obtain approval to market the product. 

Under
the BPCIA, an application for a biosimilar product may not be submitted to the FDA until four years following the date that the reference
product was first licensed by the FDA. In addition, the approval of a biosimilar product may not be made effective by the FDA until 12
years from the date on which the reference product was first licensed. During this 12-year period of exclusivity, another company may
still market a competing version of the reference product if the FDA approves a full BLA for the competing product containing that applicant s
own preclinical data and data from adequate and well-controlled clinical trials to demonstrate the safety, purity and potency of its
product. The BPCIA also created certain exclusivity periods for biosimilars approved as interchangeable products. At this juncture, it
is unclear whether products deemed interchangeable by the FDA will, in fact, be readily substituted by pharmacies, which
are governed by state pharmacy law. 

A
biological product can also obtain pediatric market exclusivity in the United States. Pediatric exclusivity, if granted, adds six months
to existing exclusivity periods and patent terms. This six-month exclusivity, which runs from the end of other exclusivity protection
or patent term, may be granted based on the voluntary completion of a pediatric study in accordance with an FDA-issued Written
Request for such a study. 

18 

Other
Healthcare Laws 

Pharmaceutical
companies are subject to additional healthcare regulation and enforcement by the federal government and by authorities in the states
and foreign jurisdictions in which they conduct their business and may constrain the financial arrangements and relationships through
which we research as well as sell, market and distribute any products for which we obtain marketing approval. Such laws include, without
limitation, federal and state anti-kickback, fraud and abuse, false claims, data privacy and security and physician and other healthcare
provider transparency laws and regulations. If our operations are found to be in violation of any of such laws or any other governmental
regulations that apply, they may be subject to penalties, including, without limitation, administrative, civil and criminal penalties,
damages, fines, disgorgement, the curtailment or restructuring of operations, integrity oversight and reporting obligations, exclusion
from participation in federal and state healthcare programs and imprisonment. 

Coverage
and Reimbursement 

Sales
of any product depend, in part, on the extent to which such product will be covered by third-party payors, such as federal, state, and
foreign government healthcare programs, commercial insurance and managed healthcare organizations, and the level of reimbursement for
such product by third-party payors. Decisions regarding the extent of coverage and amount of reimbursement to be provided are made on
a plan-by-plan basis. The coverage determination process is often a time-consuming and costly process that will require us to provide
scientific and clinical support for the use of our products to each payor separately, with no assurance that coverage and adequate reimbursement
will be obtained. These third-party payors are increasingly reducing reimbursements for medical products, drugs and services. In addition,
the U.S. government, state legislatures and foreign governments have continued implementing cost-containment programs, including price
controls, restrictions on coverage and reimbursement and requirements for substitution of generic products. Adoption of price controls
and cost-containment measures, and adoption of more restrictive policies in jurisdictions with existing controls and measures, could
further limit sales of any product. Decreases in third-party reimbursement for any product or a decision by a third-party payor not to
cover a product could reduce physician usage and patient demand for the product and also have a material adverse effect on sales. 

Healthcare
Reform 

In
March 2010, the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act, each as amended,
collectively known as the ACA, was enacted, which substantially changed the way healthcare is financed by both governmental and private
insurers, and significantly affected the pharmaceutical industry. The ACA contains a number of provisions, including those governing
enrollment in federal healthcare programs, reimbursement adjustments and changes to fraud and abuse laws. By way of example, the ACA: 

increased
 the minimum level of Medicaid rebates payable by manufacturers of brand name drugs from 15.1 to 23.1 of the average manufacturer
 price; 

required
 collection of rebates for drugs paid by Medicaid managed care organizations; 

required
 manufacturers to participate in a coverage gap discount program, under which they must agree to offer 70 percent point-of-sale discounts
 off negotiated prices of applicable brand drugs to eligible beneficiaries during their coverage gap period, as a condition for the
 manufacturers outpatient drugs to be covered under Medicare Part D; and 

imposed
 a non-deductible annual fee on pharmaceutical manufacturers or importers who sell branded prescription drugs to specified
 federal government programs. 

Other
legislative changes have been proposed and adopted in the United States since the ACA was enacted. On March 11, 2021, the American Rescue
Plan Act of 2021 was signed into law, which eliminates the statutory Medicaid drug rebate cap, currently set at 100 of a drug s
average manufacturer price, or AMP, beginning January 1, 2024. Most recently, on August 16, 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022,
or IRA, was signed into law. Among other things, the IRA requires manufacturers of certain drugs to engage in price negotiations with
Medicare (beginning in 2026), with prices that can be negotiated subject to a cap; imposes rebates under Medicare Part B and Medicare
Part D to penalize price increases that outpace inflation (first due in 2023); and replaces the Part D coverage gap discount program
with a new discounting program (beginning in 2025). The IRA permits the Secretary of the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS)
to implement many of these provisions through guidance, as opposed to regulation, for the initial years. For that and other reasons,
it is currently unclear how the IRA will be effectuated. 

19 

Moreover,
there has recently been heightened governmental scrutiny over the manner in which manufacturers set prices for their marketed products,
which has resulted in several Congressional inquiries, proposed and enacted legislation and executive orders issued by the President
designed to, among other things, bring more transparency to product pricing, review the relationship between pricing and manufacturer
patient programs, and reform government program reimbursement methodologies for drug products. It is also possible that additional governmental
action is taken in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. Individual states in the United States have also become increasingly active in
implementing regulations designed to control pharmaceutical product pricing, including price or patient reimbursement constraints, discounts,
restrictions on certain product access and marketing cost disclosure and transparency measures, and, in some cases, designed to encourage
importation from other countries and bulk purchasing. 

Data
Privacy and Security Laws 

Numerous
state, federal and foreign laws, regulations and standards govern the collection, use, access to, confidentiality and security of health-related
and other personal information, and could apply now or in the future to our operations or the operations of our partners. In the United
States, numerous federal and state laws and regulations, including data breach notification laws, health information privacy and security
laws and consumer protection laws and regulations govern the collection, use, disclosure, and protection of health-related and other
personal information. In addition, certain foreign laws govern the privacy and security of personal data, including health-related data.
Privacy and security laws, regulations, and other obligations are constantly evolving, may conflict with each other to complicate compliance
efforts, and can result in investigations, proceedings, or actions that lead to significant civil and/or criminal penalties and restrictions
on data processing. 

Competition 

The
pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries are characterized by rapidly advancing technologies, intense competition and a strong emphasis
on proprietary products. While we believe that our technology, knowledge and scientific resources provide us with certain competitive
advantages, we face competition from many sources, including pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, academic institutions, governmental
agencies and public and private research institutions. Many of these competitors may have access to greater capital and resources than
us. These competitors also compete with us in recruiting and retaining qualified scientific and management personnel. Any product candidates
that we successfully develop and commercialize will compete with new immunotherapies that may become available in the future. Our competitors
include larger and better funded biopharmaceutical, biotechnology and therapeutics companies, specifically companies focused on cancer
immunotherapies, such as Amgen, Inc., AstraZeneca plc, BMS, Genentech, Inc., GlaxoSmithKline PLC, Merck Co., Inc., Novartis AG,
Pfizer Inc., Roche Holding Ltd and Sanofi S.A. On the other hand, many of these companies are developing immunotherapeutics which may
have potential to be used in concert with Decoy20 and in this regard, we view them as potentially complimentary. 

With
respect to our lead candidate, Decoy20, there are a number of companies that are developing possible treatments for cancer, however,
we believe we are the only company using systemic administration of killed, non-pathogenic Gram-negative bacteria with reduced lipopolysaccharide-
endotoxin to stimulate innate and adaptive immune system pathways. 

Our
success will be based in part upon our ability to successfully commercialize Decoy20 and to identify, develop and manage a portfolio
of therapeutics that are safer and more effective than competing products in our target indications. Our market opportunity has the potential
to be reduced or eliminated if our competitors develop and commercialize products that are safer, more effective, have fewer side effects,
are more convenient or are less expensive than any therapeutics we may develop. Our competitive position will also be dependent upon
our ability to attract and retain qualified personnel, to obtain patent protection or otherwise develop proprietary products or processes,
and protect our intellectual property, and to secure sufficient capital resources for the period between technological conception and
commercial sales. The availability of reimbursement from government and other third-party payors will also significantly affect the pricing
and competitiveness of our products. Our competitors may also obtain FDA or other regulatory approval for their products more rapidly
than we may obtain approval for ours, which could result in our competitors establishing a strong market position before we are able
to enter the market. 

20 

Intellectual
Property 

Our
success depends, at least in part, on our ability to protect our proprietary technology and intellectual property, and to operate without
infringing or violating the proprietary rights of others. We rely on a combination of patent, trademark, trade secret and copyright laws,
know-how, intellectual property licenses and other contractual rights (including confidentiality and invention assignment agreements)
to protect our proprietary technology and intellectual property, including related intellectual property rights. 

Patents 

As
of March 1, 2023, we own 34 granted patents and 16 pending patent applications to use within our field of business. Our patents and patent
applications generally relate to compositions and methods for treating cancer and infectious diseases, and our patents and any patents
that issue from our pending patent applications are expected to expire at various dates between 2033 and 2039. 

We
intend to submit patent applications for each new product and technology that we develop. The patent outlook for companies like ours
is generally uncertain and may involve complex legal and factual questions. Our ability to maintain and consolidate our proprietary position
for our technology will depend on our success in obtaining effective claims and enforcing those claims once granted. We do not know whether
any of our patent applications or any patent applications that we may license will result in the issuance of any patents. Our issued
patents and those that may be issued in the future, or patents that we may exclusively license, may be challenged, narrowed, circumvented
or found to be invalid or unenforceable, which could limit our ability to stop competitors from marketing related products or the length
of term of patent protection that we may have for our products. We cannot be certain that we were the first to invent the inventions
claimed in our owned patents or patent applications. In addition, our competitors may independently develop similar technologies or duplicate
any technology developed by us, and the rights granted under any issued patents may not provide us with any meaningful competitive advantages
against these competitors. Furthermore, because of the extensive time required for development, testing and regulatory review of a potential
product, it is possible that, before any of our products can be commercialized, any related patent may expire or remain in force for
only a short period following commercialization, thereby reducing any advantage of the patent. 

Trade
Secrets and Confidential Information 

In
addition to patents, we rely on trade secrets and know-how to develop and maintain our competitive position. Trade secrets and know-how
can be difficult to protect. We rely on, among other things, confidentiality and invention assignment agreements to protect our proprietary
know-how and other intellectual property that may not be patentable, or that we believe is best protected by means that do not require
public disclosure. For example, we require our employees to execute confidentiality agreements in connection with their employment relationships
with us, and to disclose and assign to us inventions conceived in connection with their services to us. However, there can be no assurance
that these agreements will be enforceable or that they will provide us with adequate protection. We also seek to preserve the integrity
and confidentiality of our data, trade secrets and know-how by maintaining physical security of our premises and physical and electronic
security of our information technology systems. 

We
may be unable to obtain, maintain and protect the intellectual property rights necessary to conduct our business, and may be subject
to claims that we infringe or otherwise violate the intellectual property rights of others, which could materially harm our business.
For a more comprehensive summary of the risks related to our intellectual property, see Item 1A. Risk Factors - Risks Related
to Our Intellectual Property. 

21 

Environmental
Matters 

We are subject to various environmental,
health and safety laws and regulations, including those governing laboratory procedures, the handling, use, storage, treatment and disposal
of hazardous materials and wastes and the cleanup of contaminated sites. Our operations involve the use of potentially hazardous and flammable
materials, including chemicals and biological materials. Our operations also produce hazardous waste products. Although we generally contract
with third parties for the operations that involve the disposal of hazardous materials and wastes, we cannot eliminate the risk of contamination
or injury from these materials. Based on information currently available to us, we do not expect environmental costs and contingencies
to have a material adverse effect on us. However, we could incur substantial costs as a result of violations of or liabilities under environmental
requirements in connection with our operations or property, including fines, penalties and other sanctions, investigation and cleanup
costs and third-party claims. In the event of contamination or injury resulting from our use of hazardous materials, we could be held
liable for any resulting damages, and any liability could exceed our resources. See Part I. Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks
Related to Healthcare Laws and Other Legal Compliance Matters - Violations of or liabilities under environmental, health and safety
laws and regulations could subject us to fines, penalties or other costs that could have a material adverse effect on the success of our
business. 

We
believe that our business, operations and facilities are being operated in compliance in all material respects with applicable environmental
and health and safety laws and regulations. 

Human
Capital Management 

As
of December 31, 2022, we have six full-time employees. None of our employees are represented by labor unions or covered by collective
bargaining agreements. 

We
believe that our future success will depend, in part, on our continued ability to attract, hire and retain qualified personnel. In particular,
we depend on the skills, experience and performance of our senior management and research personnel. We compete for qualified personnel
with other biotechnology, medical device, pharmaceutical and healthcare companies, as well as universities and non-profit research institutions. 

We
provide competitive compensation and benefits programs to help meet the needs of our employees. In addition to salaries, these programs
include incentive compensation plan, pension, healthcare and insurance benefits, paid time off, and family leave, among others. We also
use targeted equity-based grants with vesting conditions to facilitate retention of personnel, particularly for our key employees. 

The
success of our business is fundamentally connected to the well-being of our people. Accordingly, we are committed to the health and safety
of our employees including safety measures that are required for the COVID-19 pandemic and that comply with government regulations. 

We
consider our relations with our employees to be good. 

Historical
Background and Corporate Structure 

Intec
Israel or Intec Pharma (initially established and incorporated in Israel on October 23, 2000 as a private Israeli company) successfully
completed an initial public offering in Israel on the Tel Aviv Stock Exchange, or TASE in February 2010 and in August 2015 completed
an initial public offering in the U.S. 

Indaptus
Therapeutics, Inc. (formerly Intec Parent) was established and incorporated in Delaware on February 24, 2021 as a private Delaware corporation
and wholly owned subsidiary of Intec Israel. 

On
July 27, 2021, Intec Israel, Indaptus Therapeutics, Inc. and Domestication Merger Sub Ltd., an Israeli company and a wholly owned subsidiary
of Indaptus, completed a domestication merger (the Domestication Merger ), pursuant to the terms and conditions of an Agreement
and Plan of Merger and Reorganization, dated April 27, 2021 (the Domestication Merger Agreement ), whereby Domestication
Merger Sub Ltd. merged with and into Intec Israel, with Intec Israel being the surviving entity and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Indaptus
Therapeutics, Inc. At the time of the Domestication Merger, Intec Israel continued to possess all of its assets, rights, powers and property
as constituted immediately prior to the Domestication Merger and continued to be subject to all of its debts, liabilities and obligations
as constituted immediately prior to the Domestication Merger. 

On August 3, 2021, Indaptus Therapeutics,
Inc. completed its merger with Decoy, pursuant to an Agreement and Plan of Merger and Reorganization (the Merger Agreement ),
dated March 15, 2021, following which Decoy became the surviving entity and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Indaptus Therapeutics, Inc. and
the business conducted by Decoy became the business conducted by the combined company. 

Also,
in connection with the Merger, Intec Parent changed its name from Intec Parent, Inc. to Indaptus Therapeutics, Inc. 

22 

Following
completion of the Merger, shares of our common stock commenced trading at market open on August 4, 2021 on the Nasdaq Capital Market
under the name Indaptus Therapeutics, Inc. and ticker symbol INDP . 

Available
Information 

We
maintain a corporate website at http://www.indaptusrx.com. The information contained on, or that can be accessed through, our website
is neither a part of nor incorporated into this Annual Report. 

Copies
of our reports on Forms 10-K, Forms 10-Q and Forms 8-K, may be obtained, free of charge, electronically through our corporate website
at http://www.indaptusrx.com as soon as reasonably practicable after we file such material electronically with, or furnish to, the SEC.
Additionally, the SEC maintains an Internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding
issuers that file electronically with the SEC at www.sec.gov. 

Item
1A. Risk Factors. 

You
should carefully consider the factors described below, together with all of the other information contained in this Annual Report, including
the audited consolidated financial statements and the related notes included in this Annual Report beginning on page F-1, before deciding
whether to invest in our common stock. If any of the risks discussed below actually occur, our business, financial condition, operating
results and cash flows could be materially adversely affected. This could cause the trading price of our common stock to decline, and
you may lose all or part of your investment. 

Risks
Related to Our Financial Position and Capital Requirements 

We
are a clinical-stage company with a limited operating history. We are not currently profitable, do not expect to become profitable in
the near future and may never become profitable. 

We
are a pre-clinical-stage biotechnology company focused primarily on developing a novel and patented systemically-administered anti-cancer
and anti-viral immunotherapy. All of our product candidates are in the pre-clinical or early clinical development stage, and none of
our product candidates have been approved for marketing or are being marketed or commercialized. 

As
a result, we have no meaningful historical operations upon which to evaluate our business and prospects and have not yet demonstrated
an ability to obtain marketing approval for any of our product candidates or successfully overcome the risks and uncertainties frequently
encountered by companies in the biopharmaceutical industry. As a result, we have not been profitable and have incurred significant operating
losses in every reporting period since our inception. For the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, we reported net losses of approximately
 14.3 million and approximately 7.7 million, respectively, and had an accumulated deficit of approximately 30.0 million as of December
31, 2022. 

For
the foreseeable future, we expect to continue to incur losses, which will increase significantly from historical levels as we expand
our development activities, seek regulatory approvals for our product candidates, and begin to commercialize them if they are approved
by the FDA, the European Medicines Agency, or the EMA, or comparable foreign authorities. Further, the net losses we incur may fluctuate
significantly from quarter-to-quarter and year-to-year, such that a period-to-period comparison of our results of operations may not
be a good indication of our future performance. We expect to incur additional costs associated with operating as a public company. Even
if we succeed in developing and commercializing one or more product candidates, we may never become profitable, or even if we achieve
profitability in the future, we may not be able to sustain profitability in subsequent periods. Our prior losses, combined with expected
future losses, have had and will continue to have an adverse effect on our stockholders equity and working capital. 

23 

Given
our lack of current cash flow, we will need to raise additional capital. If we are unable to raise a sufficient amount of capital when
needed on acceptable terms or at all, we may be forced to delay, limit or eliminate some or all of our research programs, product development
activities and commercialization efforts. 

Since
we will be unable to generate sufficient, if any, cash flow to fund our operations for the foreseeable future, we will need to seek additional
equity or debt financing to provide the capital required to maintain or expand our operations. 

There
can be no assurance that we will be able to raise sufficient additional capital on acceptable terms or at all. If such additional financing
is not available on satisfactory terms, or is not available in sufficient amounts, we may be required to delay, limit or eliminate some
or all of our research programs, product development activities and commercialization efforts, and our ability to achieve our business
objectives, our competitiveness, and our business, financial condition and results of operations may be materially adversely affected.
In addition, we may be required to grant rights to develop and market product candidates that we would otherwise prefer to develop and
market ourselves. Our inability to fund our business could lead to the loss of your investment. 

Our
future capital requirements will depend on many factors, including, but not limited to: 

the
 scope, rate of progress, results and cost of our clinical trials, preclinical studies and other related activities 

the
 timing of, and the costs involved in, obtaining regulatory approvals for any of our current or future product candidates 

the
 number and characteristics of the product candidates we seek to develop or commercialize 

the
 cost of manufacturing clinical supplies, and establishing commercial supplies, of our product candidates 

the
 cost of commercialization activities if any of our current or future product candidates are approved for sale, including marketing,
 sales and distribution costs 

the
 expenses needed to attract and retain skilled personnel 

the
 costs associated with being a public company 

the
 amount of revenue, if any, received from commercial sales of our product candidates, should any of our product candidates receive
 marketing approval and 

the
 costs involved in preparing, filing, prosecuting, maintaining, defending and enforcing possible patent claims, including litigation
 costs and the outcome of any such litigation. 

Even
if we believe we have sufficient funds for our current or future operating plans, we may continue to seek additional capital if market
conditions are favorable or in light of specific strategic considerations. Adequate additional financing may not be available to us on
acceptable terms, or at all. If we are unable to obtain sufficient funding on a timely basis or on favorable terms, we may be required
to significantly delay, reduce or eliminate one or more of our research or product development programs and/or commercialization efforts.
We may also be unable to expand our operations or otherwise capitalize on business opportunities as desired. Any of these events could
materially adversely affect our financial condition and business prospects. 

24 

Raising
additional capital would cause dilution to our shareholders and may restrict our operations or require us to relinquish rights to our
technologies or product candidates. 

Until
such time, if ever, as we can generate substantial product revenues, we expect to finance our cash needs through a combination of equity
and/or debt financings and collaborations, licensing agreements or other strategic arrangements. We may seek additional capital through
a combination of private and public equity offerings, at-the-market issuances, equity-linked and structured transactions,
debt (straight, convertible, or otherwise) financings, collaborations and licensing arrangements. To the extent that we raise additional
capital through the sale of equity or convertible debt securities, your ownership interest will be diluted, and the terms may include
liquidation or other preferences that adversely affect your rights as a shareholder. For example, in June 2022, we entered into an at
the market offering agreement, which was amended on September 1, 2022, with a sales agent
pursuant to which we may offer and sell from time to time shares of our common stock for aggregate gross proceeds of up to 6.3 million.
Additionally, in December 2022, we entered into a purchase agreement and a registration rights agreement with Lincoln Park pursuant to
which Lincoln Park has committed to purchase up to 20.0 million of our common stock from time to time over a 36-month period (unless
extended to a 48-month period pursuant to the terms thereof). We may also issue in the future equity securities that provide for rights,
preferences and privileges senior to those of our common stock. Given our need for cash and that equity issuances are the most common
type of fundraising for similarly situated companies, the risk of dilution is particularly significant for our stockholders. Depending
upon market liquidity at the time, additional sales of shares registered at any given time could cause the trading price of our common
stock to decline. Debt financing, if available, would result in increased fixed payment obligations and may involve agreements that include
covenants limiting or restricting our ability to take specific actions such as incurring debt, making capital expenditures or declaring
dividends. If we raise additional funds through collaborations, strategic alliances and licensing arrangements with third parties, we may
have to relinquish valuable rights to our technologies, future revenue streams or product candidates, or grant licenses on terms that
are not favorable to us. 

Risks
Related to the Discovery and Development of Our Product Candidates 

We
are dependent on the success of one or more of our current product candidates, and we cannot be certain that any of them will receive
regulatory approval or be commercialized. 

We
have spent significant time, money and effort on the development of our lead product candidate, Decoy20. As a result, our business is
largely dependent on the commencement of and success of clinical trials evaluating Decoy20 and our ability to complete the development
of, obtain regulatory approval for, and successfully commercialize Decoy20 in a timely manner. The process to develop, obtain regulatory
approval and commercialize Decoy20 is long, complex, costly and uncertain as to the outcome. 

To
date, no clinical trials designed to provide substantial evidence of safety, purity, potency or efficacy have been completed with any
of our product candidates. All of our product candidates will require additional development, including clinical trials as well as further
preclinical studies to evaluate their toxicology and optimize their formulation and regulatory approvals before they can be commercialized.
Positive results obtained during early development do not necessarily mean later development will succeed or that regulatory approvals
will be obtained. Our development efforts may not lead to commercial products, either because our product candidates fail to be safe
and effective, or in the case of our product candidates regulated as biologics, safe, pure and potent, or because we have inadequate
financial or other resources to advance our product candidates through the clinical development and approval processes. If any of our
product candidates fail to demonstrate safety, purity, potency or efficacy at any time or during any phase of development, we would experience
potentially significant delays in, or be required to abandon, development of the product candidate. 

We
do not anticipate that any of our current product candidates will be eligible to receive regulatory approval from the FDA, the EMA or
comparable foreign authorities and begin commercialization for a number of years, if ever. Even if we ultimately receive regulatory approval
for any of these product candidates, we or our potential future partners, if any, may be unable to commercialize them successfully for
a variety of reasons. These include, for example, the availability of alternative treatments, lack of cost-effectiveness, the cost of
manufacturing the product on a commercial scale and competition with other products. The success of our product candidates may also be
limited by the prevalence and severity of any adverse side effects. If we fail to commercialize one or more of our current product candidates,
we may be unable to generate sufficient revenues to attain or maintain profitability, and our financial condition may decline. 

25 

Clinical
and preclinical development involves a lengthy and expensive process with an uncertain outcome. Any difficulties or delays in the commencement
or completion, or the termination or suspension, of our current or planned clinical trials could result in increased costs to us, delay
or limit our ability to generate revenue or adversely affect our commercial prospects. 

Before
obtaining approval from regulatory authorities for the commercialization of any of our product candidates, we must conduct extensive
clinical trials to demonstrate the safety, purity, and potency, or efficacy of the product candidate in humans. Preclinical and clinical
drug development is expensive and can take many years to complete, and its outcome is inherently uncertain. Failure can occur at any
time during the preclinical study or clinical trial process. Despite promising preclinical or clinical results, any product candidate
can unexpectedly fail at any stage of preclinical or clinical development. The historical failure rate for product candidates in our
industry is high. 

The
results from preclinical studies or early clinical trials of a product candidate may not predict the results of later clinical trials
of the product candidate, and interim results of a clinical trial are not necessarily indicative of final results. Product candidates
in later stages of clinical trials may fail to show the desired safety and efficacy characteristics despite having progressed through
preclinical studies and initial clinical trials. It is not uncommon to observe results in clinical trials that are unexpected based on
preclinical studies and early clinical trials, and many product candidates fail in clinical trials despite very promising early results.
Moreover, preclinical and clinical data are often susceptible to varying interpretations and analyses. A number of companies in the pharmaceutical
and biotechnology industries have suffered significant setbacks in clinical development even after achieving promising results in earlier
studies. 

Before
we can initiate clinical trials for any product candidates, we must submit the results of preclinical studies to the FDA, the EMA or
comparable foreign regulatory authorities along with other information, including information about product candidate chemistry, manufacturing
and controls and our proposed clinical trial protocol, as part of an IND or similar regulatory submission. The FDA, the EMA or comparable
foreign regulatory authorities may require us to conduct additional preclinical studies for any product candidate before it allows us
to initiate clinical trials under any IND or similar regulatory submission, which may lead to delays and increase the costs of our preclinical
development programs. Moreover, even if we commence clinical trials, issues may arise that could cause regulatory authorities to suspend
or terminate such clinical trials. Any such delays in the commencement or completion of our ongoing and planned clinical trials for our
product candidates could significantly affect our product development timelines and product development costs and harm our financial
position. 

We
do not know whether our planned clinical trials will begin on time or be completed on schedule, if at all. The commencement, data readouts
and completion of clinical trials can be delayed for a number of reasons, including delays related to: 

inability
 to generate sufficient preclinical, toxicology, or other in vivo or in vitro data to support the initiation or continuation of clinical
 trials; 

failure
 in obtaining allowance or approval from regulatory authorities to commence a trial or reaching a consensus with regulatory
 authorities on trial design; 

the
 FDA, the EMA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities disagreeing as to the design or implementation of our clinical trials; 

any
 failure or delay in reaching an agreement with CROs and clinical trial sites, the terms of which can be subject to extensive negotiation
 and may vary significantly among different CROs and trial sites; 

delays
 in identifying, recruiting and training suitable clinical investigators; 

failure
 in obtaining approval from one or more IRBs or ethics committees at clinical trial sites; 

IRBs
 refusing to approve, suspending or terminating the trial at an investigational site, precluding enrollment of additional subjects,
 or withdrawing their approval of the trial; 

26 

changes
 or amendments to the clinical trial protocol; 

clinical
 sites deviating from the trial protocol or dropping out of a trial; 

failure
 by our CROs to perform in accordance with Good Clinical Practice (GCP) requirements or applicable regulatory rules and guidelines
 in other countries; 

failure
 in manufacturing sufficient quantities of our product candidates, or obtaining sufficient quantities of combination therapies, for
 use in clinical trials; 

subjects
 failing to enroll or remain in our trials at the rate we expect, or failing to return for post-treatment follow-up, including subjects
 failing to remain in our trials; 

patients
 choosing an alternative product for the indications for which we are developing our product candidates, or participating in competing
 clinical trials; 

lack
 of adequate funding to continue a clinical trial, or costs being greater than we anticipate; 

subjects
 experiencing severe or serious unexpected drug-related adverse effects; 

occurrence
 of serious adverse events in trials of the same class of agents conducted by other companies that could be considered similar to
 our product candidates; 

selection
 of clinical endpoints that require prolonged periods of clinical observation or extended analysis of the resulting data; 

transfer
 of manufacturing processes to larger-scale facilities operated by a contract manufacturing organization (CMO), delays or failure
 by our CMOs or us to make any necessary changes to such manufacturing process, or failure of our CMOs to produce clinical trial materials
 in accordance with current Good Manufacturing Practice (cGMP), regulations or other applicable requirements; and 

third
 parties being unwilling or unable to satisfy their contractual obligations to us in a timely manner. 

In
addition, disruptions caused by the COVID-19 pandemic may increase the likelihood that we encounter such difficulties or delays in initiating,
enrolling, conducting or completing our planned and ongoing clinical trials. 

Clinical
trials must be conducted in accordance with the FDA and other applicable regulatory authorities legal requirements, regulations
and guidelines, and remain subject to oversight by these governmental agencies and ethics committees or IRBs at the medical institutions
where such clinical trials are conducted. We could also encounter delays if a clinical trial is suspended or terminated by us, by the
IRBs of the institutions in which such trials are being conducted, by a Data Safety Monitoring Board for such trial or by the FDA, the
EMA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities. Such authorities may impose such a suspension or termination due to a number of factors,
including failure to conduct the clinical trial in accordance with regulatory requirements or applicable clinical trial protocols, adverse
findings from inspections of clinical trial sites by the FDA, the EMA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities, unforeseen safety
issues or adverse side effects, failure to demonstrate a benefit from using a product candidate, changes in governmental regulations
or administrative actions or lack of adequate funding to continue the clinical trial. In addition, changes in regulatory requirements
and policies may occur, and we may need to amend clinical trial protocols to comply with these changes. Amendments may require us to
resubmit our clinical trial protocols to regulators or to IRBs for reexamination, which may impact the costs, timing or successful completion
of a clinical trial. 

27 

Moreover,
principal investigators for our clinical trials may serve as scientific advisors or consultants to us from time to time and receive compensation
in connection with such services. Under certain circumstances, we may be required to report some of these relationships to the FDA, the
EMA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities. The FDA, the EMA or comparable foreign regulatory authority may conclude that a financial
relationship between us and a principal investigator has created a conflict of interest or otherwise affected interpretation of the study.
The FDA, the EMA or comparable foreign regulatory authority may therefore question the integrity of the data generated at the applicable
clinical trial site and the utility of the clinical trial itself may be jeopardized. This could result in a delay in approval, or rejection,
of our marketing applications by the FDA, the EMA or comparable foreign regulatory authority, as the case may be, and may ultimately
lead to the denial of marketing approval of one or more of our product candidates. 

In
addition, the FDA s, the EMA s and other regulatory authorities policies with respect to clinical trials may change
and additional government regulations may be enacted. For instance, the regulatory landscape related to clinical trials in the EU recently
evolved. The EU Clinical Trials Regulation CTR which was adopted in April 2014 and repeals the EU Clinical Trials Directive,
became applicable on January 31, 2022. While the Clinical Trials Directive required a separate clinical trial application CTA to be submitted in each member state, to both the competent national health authority and an independent ethics committee, the CTR introduces
a centralized process and only requires the submission of a single application to all member states concerned. The CTR allows sponsors
to make a single submission to both the competent authority and an ethics committee in each member state, leading to a single decision
per member state. The assessment procedure of the CTA has been harmonized as well, including a joint assessment by all member states
concerned, and a separate assessment by each member state with respect to specific requirements related to its own territory, including
ethics rules. Each member state s decision is communicated to the sponsor via the centralized EU portal. Once the CTA is approved,
clinical study development may proceed. The CTR foresees a three-year transition period. The extent to which ongoing and new clinical
trials will be governed by the CTR varies. Clinical trials for which an application was submitted (i) prior to January 31, 2022 under
the Clinical Trials Directive, or (ii) between January 31, 2022 and January 31, 2023 and for which the sponsor has opted for the application
of the Clinical Trials Directive remain governed by said Directive until January 31, 2025. After this date, all clinical trials (including
those which are ongoing) will become subject to the provisions of the CTR. Compliance with the CTR requirements by us and our third-party
service providers, such as CROs, may impact our developments plans. If we are slow or unable to adapt to changes in existing requirements
or the adoption of new requirements or policies governing clinical trials, our development plans may be impacted. 

In
addition, many of the factors that cause, or lead to, the termination or suspension of, or a delay in the commencement or completion
of, clinical trials may also ultimately lead to the denial of regulatory approval of a product candidate. Any resulting delays to our
clinical trials could shorten any period during which we may have the exclusive right to commercialize our product candidates. In such
cases, our competitors may be able to bring products to market before we do, and the commercial viability of our product candidates could
be significantly reduced. Any of these occurrences may harm our business, financial condition and prospects. 

We
expect to continue to incur significant research and development expenses and other operating expenses, which may make it difficult for
us to attain profitability. 

We
expect to expend substantial funds in research and development, including preclinical studies and clinical trials of our product candidates,
and to manufacture and market any product candidates in the event they are approved for commercial sale. We also may need additional
funding to develop or acquire complementary companies, technologies and assets, as well as for working capital requirements and other
operating and general corporate purposes. Moreover, our planned increases in staffing will dramatically increase our costs in the near
and long-term. 

Because
the successful development of our product candidates is uncertain, we are unable to precisely estimate the actual funds we will require
to develop and potentially commercialize them. In addition, we may not be able to generate sufficient revenue, even if we are able to
commercialize any of our product candidates, to become profitable. 

28 

We
may expend our limited resources to pursue a limited number of research programs, product candidates and specific indications and fail
to capitalize on product candidates or indications that may be more profitable or for which there is a greater likelihood of success. 

Due
to our limited financial and managerial resources, we must focus on a limited number of research programs and product candidates and
on specific indications. As such, we are currently focused on the development of Decoy20. As a
result, we may forego or delay pursuit of opportunities with other product candidates or for other indications for anti-cancer
and anti-viral immunotherapy that later prove to have greater commercial potential. Our
resource allocation decisions may cause us to fail to capitalize on viable commercial products or profitable market opportunities. Our
spending on current and future research and development programs and product candidates for specific indications may not yield any commercially
viable products. 

Our
product candidates may cause undesirable side effects that could delay or prevent their regulatory approval or commercialization, cause
us to suspend or discontinue clinical trials, abandon a product candidate, limit the commercial profile of an approved product, or result
in other significant adverse implications on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

As
is the case with pharmaceuticals generally, it is likely that there may be side effects and adverse events associated with our product
candidates use. Results of our clinical trials could reveal a high and unacceptable severity and prevalence of side effects or
unexpected characteristics. For example, because the mechanism of action of our product candidates depends on stimulation of the immune
system, there is the potential for over-stimulation or undesirable immune reactions. Undesirable side effects caused by our product candidates,
whether used alone or in combination with other therapies, could cause us or regulatory authorities to interrupt, delay or halt clinical
trials or the delay or denial of regulatory approval by the FDA, the EMA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities, or, if such product
candidates are approved, result in a more restrictive label and other post-approval requirements. Any treatment-related side effects
could also affect patient recruitment or the ability of enrolled patients to complete the trial or could result in potential product
liability claims. Any of these occurrences may harm our business, financial condition and prospects significantly. 

If
our product candidates are associated with undesirable side effects or have unexpected characteristics in preclinical studies or clinical
trial, when used alone or in combination with other approved products or product candidates, we may need to interrupt, delay or abandon
their development or limit development to more narrow uses or subpopulations in which the undesirable side effects or other characteristics
are less prevalent, less severe or more acceptable from a risk-benefit perspective. 

Patients in our ongoing and planned
clinical trials may, in the future, suffer significant adverse events or other side effects not observed in our preclinical studies or
previous clinical trials. Patients treated with our product candidates may also be undergoing surgical, radiation or chemotherapy treatments,
which can cause side effects or adverse events that are unrelated to our product candidate, but may still impact the success of our clinical
trials. The inclusion of critically ill patients in our clinical trials may result in deaths or other adverse medical events due to other
therapies or medications that such patients may be using or due to the gravity of such patients illnesses. If such significant
adverse events or other side effects are observed in any of our current or future clinical trials, we may have difficulty recruiting patients
to the clinical trials, or we may be required to abandon the trials or our development efforts of that product candidate altogether. We,
the FDA, other comparable regulatory authorities or an IRB may suspend clinical trials of a product candidate at any time for various
reasons, including a belief that subjects in such trials are being exposed to unacceptable health risks or adverse side effects. Even
if the side effects do not preclude the product candidate from obtaining or maintaining regulatory approval, undesirable side effects
may inhibit market acceptance due to tolerability concerns as compared to other available therapies. Any of these developments could materially
harm our business, financial condition and prospects. 

29 

Additionally,
if any of our product candidates receives regulatory approval, and we or others later identify undesirable side effects caused by such
product, a number of potentially significant negative consequences could result. For example, the FDA could require us to adopt a Risk
Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy (REMS), to ensure that the benefits of treatment with such product candidate outweigh the risks for
each potential patient, which may include, among other things, a communication plan to health care practitioners, patient education,
extensive patient monitoring or distribution systems and processes that are highly controlled, restrictive and more costly than what
is typical for the industry. We or our collaborators may also be required to adopt a REMS or engage in similar actions, such as patient
education, certification of health care professionals or specific monitoring, if we or others later identify undesirable side effects
caused by any product that we develop alone or with collaborators. Other potentially significant negative consequences associated with
adverse events include: 

we
 may be required to suspend marketing of a product, or we may decide to remove such product from the marketplace; 

regulatory
 authorities may withdraw or change their approvals of a product; 

regulatory
 authorities may require additional warnings on the label or limit access of a product to selective specialized centers with additional
 safety reporting and with requirements that patients be geographically close to these centers for all or part of their treatment; 

we
 may be required to create a medication guide outlining the risks of a product for patients, or to conduct post-marketing studies; 

we
 may be required to change the way a product is administered; 

we
 could be subject to fines, injunctions, or the imposition of criminal or civil penalties, or be sued and held liable for harm caused
 to subjects or patients; and 

a
 product may become less competitive, and our reputation may suffer. 

Any
of these events could diminish the usage or otherwise limit the commercial success of our product candidates and prevent us from achieving
or maintaining market acceptance of our product candidates, if approved by the FDA or other regulatory authorities. 

We
may find it difficult to enroll patients in our clinical trials. If we encounter difficulties enrolling patients in our clinical trials,
our clinical development activities could be delayed or otherwise adversely affected. 

Patient
enrollment is a significant factor in the timing of clinical trials, and the timing of our clinical trials depends, in part, on the speed
at which we can recruit patients to participate in our trials, as well as completion of required follow-up periods. We may not be able
to initiate or continue clinical trials for our product candidates if we are unable to locate and enroll a sufficient number of eligible
patients to participate in these trials to such trial s conclusion as required by the FDA or other comparable regulatory authorities.
The conditions for which we currently plan to evaluate our product candidates are diseases with limited patient pools from which
to draw for clinical trials. The eligibility criteria of our clinical trials, once established, may further limit the pool of available
trial participants. 

30 

Patient
enrollment for any of our clinical trials may be affected by other factors, including: 

size
 and nature of the targeted patient population; 

severity
 of the disease or condition under investigation; 

availability
 and efficacy of approved therapies for the disease or condition under investigation; 

patient
 eligibility criteria for the trial in question as defined in the protocol; 

perceived
 risks and benefits of the product candidate under study; 

clinicians 
 and patients perceptions as to the potential advantages of the product candidate being studied in relation to other available
 therapies, including any products that may be approved for, or any product candidates under investigation for, the indications we
 are investigating; 

efforts
 to facilitate timely enrollment in clinical trials; 

patient
 referral practices of physicians; 

the
 ability to monitor patients adequately during and after treatment; 

proximity
 and availability of clinical trial sites for prospective patients; 

continued
 enrollment of prospective patients by clinical trial sites; 

the
 risk that patients enrolled in clinical trials will drop out of such trials before completion; and 

delays
 or difficulties in enrollment and completion of studies due to the COVID-19 pandemic. 

Additionally,
other pharmaceutical companies targeting these same diseases are recruiting clinical trial patients from these patient populations, which
may make it more difficult to fully enroll our clinical trials. We also rely on, and will continue to rely on, CROs and clinical trial
sites to ensure proper and timely conduct of our clinical trials and preclinical studies. Though we have entered into agreements governing
their services, we will have limited influence over their actual performance. Our inability to enroll a sufficient number of patients
for our clinical trials would result in significant delays or may require us to abandon one or more clinical trials altogether. Enrollment
delays in our clinical trials may result in increased development costs for our product candidates and jeopardize our ability to obtain
regulatory approval for the sale of our product candidates. Furthermore, even if we are able to enroll a sufficient number of patients
for our clinical trials, we may have difficulty maintaining enrollment of such patients in our clinical trials. 

Interim,
 topline and preliminary data from our clinical trials and preclinical studies that we announce or publish from time to
time may change as more patient data become available and are subject to audit and verification procedures that could result in material
changes in the final data. 

From
time to time, we may publicly disclose interim, topline, or preliminary data from our clinical trials and preclinical studies, which
is based on a preliminary analysis of then-available data, and the results and related findings and conclusions are subject to change
following a more comprehensive review of the data related to the particular study or trial. We also make assumptions, estimations, calculations
and conclusions as part of our analyses of data, and we may not have received or had the opportunity to fully and carefully evaluate
all data. As a result, the interim, topline, or preliminary results that we report may differ from future results of the same studies
or trials, or different conclusions or considerations may qualify such results, once additional data have been received and fully evaluated.
Topline and preliminary data also remain subject to audit and verification procedures that may result in the final data being materially
different from the topline or preliminary data we previously published. As a result, topline and preliminary data should be viewed with
caution until the final data are available. 

31 

Interim
data from clinical trials that we may complete are further subject to the risk that one or more of the clinical outcomes may materially
change as patient enrollment continues and more patient data become available. Adverse differences between interim, topline, or preliminary
data and final data could significantly harm our business prospects. Further, disclosure of such data by us or by our competitors could
result in volatility in the price of our common stock. 

Further,
others, including regulatory agencies, may not accept or agree with our assumptions, estimates, calculations, conclusions or analyses
or may interpret or weigh the importance of data differently, which could impact the value of the particular program, the approvability
or commercialization of the particular product candidate or product and our company in general. In addition, the information we choose
to publicly disclose regarding a particular study or clinical trial is based on what is typically extensive information, and you or others
may not agree with what we determine is material or otherwise appropriate information to include in our disclosure, and any information
we determine not to disclose may ultimately be deemed significant with respect to future decisions, conclusions, views, activities or
otherwise regarding a particular product candidate or our business. If the interim, topline, or preliminary data that we report differ
from actual results, or if others, including regulatory authorities, disagree with the conclusions reached, our ability to obtain approval
for, and commercialize, our product candidates may be harmed, which could harm our business, operating results, prospects or financial
condition. 

Our
efforts to discover product candidates beyond our current product candidates may not succeed, and any product candidates we recommend
for clinical development may not actually begin clinical trials. 

We
intend to expand our existing pipeline of core assets. However, the process of researching and developing new product candidates is expensive,
time-consuming and unpredictable. Data from our current preclinical programs may not support clinical development of our product candidates,
and we may not identify any additional products suitable for recommendation for clinical development. Moreover, any product candidate
we recommend for clinical development may not demonstrate, through preclinical studies, indications of safety and potential efficacy
that would support advancement into clinical trials. Such findings would potentially impede our ability to maintain or expand our clinical
development pipeline. Our ability to develop new product candidates and advance them into clinical development also depends upon our
ability to fund our research and development operations, and we cannot be certain that additional funding will be available on acceptable
terms, or at all. 

The
regulatory approval processes of the FDA, the EMA and comparable foreign authorities are lengthy, time consuming and inherently unpredictable,
and if we are ultimately unable to obtain regulatory approval for our product candidates, our business will be substantially harmed. 

The
clinical development, manufacturing, labeling, storage, record-keeping, advertising, promotion, import, export, marketing and distribution
of our product candidates are subject to extensive regulation by the FDA in the U.S. and by comparable foreign regulatory authorities
in foreign markets, such as the EMA in Europe. In the U.S., we are not permitted to market our product candidates in the U.S. until we
receive regulatory approval of a BLA or NDA from the FDA. The process of obtaining such regulatory approval is expensive, often takes
many years following the commencement of clinical trials and can vary substantially based upon the type, complexity and novelty of the
product candidates involved, as well as the target indications and patient population. Approval policies or regulations may change, and
the FDA, EMA and comparable regulatory authorities have substantial discretion in the approval process, including the ability to delay,
limit or deny approval of a product candidate for many reasons. Despite the time and expense invested in clinical development of product
candidates, regulatory approval of a product candidate is never guaranteed. Of the large number of drugs in development, only a small
percentage successfully complete the FDA, EMA or comparable regulatory approval processes and are commercialized. 

Prior
to obtaining approval to commercialize a product candidate in the U.S. or abroad, we must demonstrate with substantial evidence from
adequate and well-controlled clinical trials, and to the satisfaction of the FDA, EMA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities, that
such product candidates are safe and effective for their intended uses, and in the case of biological products, that such product candidates
are safe, pure and potent. Results from nonclinical studies and clinical trials can be interpreted in different ways. Even if we believe
available nonclinical or clinical data support the safety purity, potency or efficacy of our product candidates, such data may not be
sufficient to obtain approval from the FDA and comparable foreign regulatory authorities. The FDA, EMA or comparable foreign regulatory
authorities, as the case may be, may also require us to conduct additional preclinical studies or clinical trials for our product candidates
either prior to or post-approval, or may object to elements of our clinical development program. 

32 

The
FDA, EMA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities can delay, limit or deny approval of a product candidate for many reasons, including: 

such
 authorities may disagree with the design or execution of our clinical trials; 

negative
 or ambiguous results from our clinical trials or results may not meet the level of statistical significance required by the FDA,
 EMA or comparable foreign regulatory agencies for approval; 

serious
 and unexpected drug-related side effects may be experienced by participants in our clinical trials or by individuals using drugs
 similar to our product candidates; 

the
 population studied in the clinical trial may not be sufficiently broad or representative to assure safety in the full population
 for which we seek approval; 

such
 authorities may not accept clinical data from trials that are conducted at clinical facilities or in countries where the standard
 of care is potentially different from that of their own country; 

we
 may be unable to demonstrate that a product candidate s clinical and other benefits outweigh its safety risks; 

such
 authorities may disagree with our interpretation of data from preclinical studies or clinical trials; 

such
 authorities may not agree that the data collected from clinical trials of our product candidates are acceptable or sufficient to
 support the submission of a BLA, NDA or other submission or to obtain regulatory approval in the U.S. or elsewhere, and such authorities
 may impose requirements for additional preclinical studies or clinical trials; 

such
 authorities may disagree with us regarding the formulation, labeling and/or the product specifications of our product candidates; 

approval
 may be granted only for indications that are significantly more limited than those sought by us, and/or may include significant restrictions
 on distribution and use; 

such
 authorities may find deficiencies in the manufacturing processes or facilities of the third-party manufacturers with which we contract
 for clinical and commercial supplies; or 

such
 authorities may not accept a submission due to, among other reasons, the content or formatting of the submission. 

With
respect to foreign markets, approval procedures vary among countries and, in addition to the foregoing risks, may involve additional
product testing, administrative review periods and agreements with pricing authorities. Even if we eventually complete clinical trials
and receive approval of a BLA NDA or comparable foreign marketing application for our product candidates, the FDA or comparable foreign
regulatory authority may grant approval contingent on the performance of costly additional clinical trials and/or the implementation
of a REMS, which may be required because the FDA believes it is necessary to ensure safe use of the product after approval. Any delay
in obtaining, or inability to obtain, applicable regulatory approval would delay or prevent commercialization of that product candidate
and would materially adversely impact our business and prospects. 

33 

Even
if we obtain FDA approval for any of our product candidates in the United States, we may never obtain approval for or commercialize such
candidates in any other jurisdiction, which would limit our ability to realize their full market potential. 

In
order to market any products in any particular jurisdiction, we must establish and comply with numerous and varying regulatory requirements
on a country-by-country basis regarding safety and efficacy. Approval by the FDA in the United States does not ensure approval by regulatory
authorities in other countries or jurisdictions. However, the failure to obtain approval in one jurisdiction may negatively impact our
ability to obtain approval elsewhere. In addition, clinical trials conducted in one country may not be accepted by regulatory authorities
in other countries, and regulatory approval in one country does not guarantee regulatory approval in any other country. 

Approval
processes vary among countries and can involve additional product testing and validation, as well as additional administrative review
periods. Seeking foreign regulatory approval could result in difficulties and increased costs for us and require additional preclinical
studies or clinical trials which could be costly and time consuming. Regulatory requirements can vary widely from country to country
and could delay or prevent the introduction of our products in those countries. We do not have any product candidates approved for sale
in any jurisdiction, including in international markets, and we do not have experience in obtaining regulatory approval in international
markets. If we fail to comply with regulatory requirements in international markets or to obtain and maintain required approvals, or
if regulatory approvals in international markets are delayed, our target market will be reduced and our ability to realize the full market
potential of any product we develop will be unrealized. 

Disruptions
at the FDA and other government agencies caused by funding shortages or global health concerns could hinder their ability to hire, retain
or deploy key leadership and other personnel, prevent new or modified products from being developed, review, approved or commercialized
in a timely manner or at all, which could negatively impact our business. 

The
ability of the FDA and foreign regulatory authorities to review and approve new products can be affected by a variety of factors, including
government budget and funding levels, statutory, regulatory, and policy changes, the FDA s or foreign regulatory authorities 
ability to hire and retain key personnel and accept the payment of user fees, and other events that may otherwise affect the FDA s
or foreign regulatory authorities ability to perform routine functions. Average review times at the FDA and foreign regulatory
authorities have fluctuated in recent years as a result. In addition, government funding of other government agencies that fund research
and development activities is subject to the political process, which is inherently fluid and unpredictable. 

Disruptions
at the FDA and other agencies, such as the EMA following its relocation to Amsterdam and resulting staff changes, may also slow the time
necessary for new drugs, and biologics or modifications to approved drugs and biologics to be reviewed and/or approved by necessary government
agencies, which would adversely affect our business. For example, over the last several years, the U.S. government has shut down several
times and certain regulatory agencies, such as the FDA, have had to furlough critical FDA employees and stop critical activities. 

Separately,
in response to the global COVID-19 pandemic, the FDA postponed most inspections of domestic and foreign manufacturing facilities at various
points. Even though the FDA has since resumed standard inspection operations of domestic facilities where feasible, the FDA has continued
to monitor and implement changes to its inspectional activities to ensure the safety of its employees and those of the firms it regulates
as it adapts to the evolving COVID-19 pandemic, and any resurgence of the virus or emergence of new variants may lead to further inspectional
delays. Regulatory authorities outside the United States may adopt similar policy measures in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. If a
prolonged government shutdown occurs, or if global health concerns continue to prevent the FDA or other regulatory authorities from conducting
their regular inspections, reviews, or other regulatory activities, it could significantly impact the ability of the FDA or other regulatory
authorities to timely review and process our regulatory submissions, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

34 

Even
if we receive regulatory approval for any product candidate, we will be subject to ongoing regulatory obligations and continued regulatory
review, which may result in significant additional expense. 

Any
regulatory approvals that we may receive for our product candidates will require the submission of reports to regulatory authorities
and surveillance to monitor the safety and efficacy of the product candidate, may contain significant limitations related to use restrictions
for specified age groups, warnings, precautions or contraindications, and may include burdensome post-approval study or risk management
requirements. For example, the FDA may require a REMS in order to approve our product candidates, which could entail requirements for
a medication guide, physician training and communication plans or additional elements to ensure safe use, such as restricted distribution
methods, patient registries and other risk minimization tools. In addition, if the FDA or foreign regulatory authorities approve our
product candidates, the manufacturing processes, labeling, packaging, distribution, adverse event reporting, storage, advertising, promotion,
import, export and recordkeeping for our product candidates will be subject to extensive and ongoing regulatory requirements. These requirements
include submissions of safety and other post-marketing information and reports, registration, as well as on-going compliance with cGMPs
and GCP for any clinical trials that we may conduct. In addition, manufacturers of drug products and their facilities are subject to
continual review and periodic, unannounced inspections by the FDA and other regulatory authorities for compliance with cGMP regulations
and standards. If we or a regulatory agency discover previously unknown problems with a product, such as adverse events of unanticipated
severity or frequency, or problems with the facilities where the product is manufactured, a regulatory agency may impose restrictions
on that product, the manufacturing facility or us, including requiring recall or withdrawal of the product from the market or suspension
of manufacturing. In addition, failure to comply with FDA and other comparable foreign regulatory requirements may subject our company
to administrative or judicially imposed sanctions, including: 

restrictions
 on the marketing or manufacturing of our products, withdrawal of the product from the market or voluntary or mandatory product recalls; 

restrictions
 on product distribution or use, or requirements to conduct post-marketing studies or clinical trials; 

fines,
 restitutions, disgorgement of profits or revenues, warning letters, untitled letters or holds on clinical trials; 

refusal
 by the FDA to approve pending applications or supplements to approved applications submitted by us or suspension or revocation of
 approvals; 

product
 seizure or detention, or refusal to permit the import or export of our products; and 

injunctions
 or the imposition of civil or criminal penalties. 

The
occurrence of any event or penalty described above may inhibit our ability to commercialize our product candidates and generate revenue
and could require us to expend significant time and resources in response and could generate negative publicity. 

The
FDA s and other regulatory authorities policies may change and additional government regulations may be promulgated that
could prevent, limit or delay marketing authorization of any product candidates we develop. We also cannot predict the likelihood, nature
or extent of government regulation that may arise from future legislation or administrative action, either in the United States or abroad.
If we are slow or unable to adapt to changes in existing requirements or the adoption of new requirements or policies, or if we are not
able to maintain regulatory compliance, we may be subject to enforcement action and we may not achieve or sustain profitability. 

The
FDA and other regulatory agencies actively enforce the laws and regulations prohibiting the promotion of off-label uses. 

The
FDA strictly regulates marketing, labeling, advertising and promotion of prescription drugs. These regulations include standards and
restrictions for direct-to-consumer advertising, industry-sponsored scientific and educational activities, promotional activities involving
the internet and off-label promotion. Any regulatory approval that the FDA grants is limited to those specific diseases and indications
for which a product is deemed to be safe and effective by FDA. While physicians in the United States may choose, and are generally permitted,
to prescribe drugs for uses that are not described in the product s labeling and for uses that differ from those tested in clinical
trials and approved by the regulatory authorities, our ability to promote any products will be narrowly limited to those indications
that are specifically approved by the FDA. 

35 

If
we are found to have promoted such off-label uses, we may become subject to significant liability. The U.S. federal government has levied
large civil and criminal fines against companies for alleged improper promotion of off-label use and has enjoined several companies from
engaging in off-label promotion. The FDA has also requested that companies enter into consent decrees or permanent injunctions under
which specified promotional conduct is changed or curtailed. If we cannot successfully manage the promotion any product candidates, if
approved, we could become subject to significant liability, which would materially adversely affect our business and financial condition. 

Risks
Related to Our Dependence on Third Parties 

The
commercial success of our product candidates depends upon their market acceptance among physicians, patients, healthcare payors and the
medical community. 

Even
if our product candidates obtain regulatory approval, our products, if any, may not gain market acceptance among physicians, patients,
healthcare payors and the medical community. The degree of market acceptance of any of our approved product candidates will depend on
a number of factors, including: 

the
 effectiveness of our approved product candidates as compared to currently available products 

patient
 willingness to adopt our approved product candidates in place of current therapies 

our
 ability to provide acceptable evidence of safety and efficacy 

relative
 convenience and ease of administration 

the
 prevalence and severity of any adverse side effects 

restrictions
 on use in combination with other products 

availability
 of alternative treatments 

pricing
 and cost-effectiveness assuming either competitive or potential premium pricing requirements, based on the profile of our product
 candidates and target markets 

effectiveness
 of our or our partners sales and marketing strategy 

our
 ability to obtain sufficient third-party coverage or reimbursement and 

potential
 product liability claims. 

In
addition, the potential market opportunity for our product candidates is difficult to precisely estimate. Our estimates of the potential
market opportunity for our product candidates include several key assumptions based on our industry knowledge, industry publications,
third-party research reports and other surveys. Independent sources have not verified all of our assumptions. If any of these assumptions
proves to be inaccurate, then the actual market for our product candidates could be smaller than our estimates of our potential market
opportunity. If the actual market for our product candidates is smaller than we expect, our product revenues may be limited, it may be
harder than expected to raise funds, and it may be more difficult for us to achieve or maintain profitability. If we fail to achieve
market acceptance of our product candidates in the U.S. and abroad, our revenue will be limited and it will be more difficult to achieve
profitability. 

36 

We
rely on third parties to conduct our preclinical studies and clinical trials and perform other tasks. If these third parties do not successfully
carry out their contractual duties, meet expected deadlines, or comply with regulatory requirements, we may not be able to obtain regulatory
approval for or commercialize our product candidates and our business, financial condition and results of operations could be substantially
harmed. 

We
rely upon third-party CROs, medical institutions, clinical investigators and contract laboratories to monitor and manage data for our
ongoing preclinical and clinical programs. These CROs, investigators and other third parties play a significant role in the conduct and
timing of these trials and subsequent collection and analysis of data. Though we expect to carefully manage our relationships with such
CROs, investigators and other third parties, there can be no assurance that we will not encounter challenges or delays in the future,
or that these delays or challenges will not have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and prospects. Further,
while we have and will have agreements governing the activities of our third-party contractors, we have limited influence over their
actual performance. Nevertheless, we maintain responsibility for ensuring that each of our clinical trials and preclinical studies is
conducted in accordance with the applicable protocol, legal, regulatory, and scientific standards and our reliance on these third parties
does not relieve us of our regulatory responsibilities. We and our CROs and other vendors are required to comply with requirements for
cGMP, or similar foreign requirements, GCP, and good laboratory practice, or GLP, which are a collection of laws and regulations enforced
by the FDA, the EMA and comparable foreign authorities for all of our product candidates in clinical development. Regulatory authorities
enforce these regulations through periodic inspections of preclinical study and clinical trial sponsors, principal investigators, preclinical
study and clinical trial sites, and other contractors. If we or any of our CROs or vendors fail to comply with applicable regulations,
the data generated in our preclinical studies and clinical trials may be deemed unreliable, and the FDA, the EMA or comparable foreign
authorities may require us to perform additional preclinical studies and clinical trials before approving our marketing applications.
We cannot assure you that upon inspection by a given regulatory authority, such regulatory authority will determine that any of our clinical
trials comply with GCP regulations. In addition, our clinical trials must be conducted with products produced consistent with cGMP regulations,
or similar foreign requirements. Our failure to comply with these regulations may require it to repeat clinical trials, which would delay
the development and regulatory approval processes. 

We
may not be able to enter into arrangements with CROs on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. In addition, our CROs will not be our
employees, and except for remedies available to us under our agreements with such CROs, we will not be able to control whether or not
they devote sufficient time and resources to our ongoing preclinical and clinical programs. If CROs do not successfully carry out their
contractual duties or obligations or meet expected deadlines, if they need to be replaced or if the quality or accuracy of the data they
obtain is compromised due to the failure to adhere to our protocols, regulatory requirements, or for other reasons, our clinical trials
may be extended, delayed or terminated, and we may not be able to obtain regulatory approval for or successfully commercialize our product
candidates. CROs may also generate higher costs than anticipated. As a result, our business, financial condition and results of operations
and the commercial prospects for our product candidates could be materially and adversely affected, our costs could increase, and our
ability to generate revenue could be delayed. 

In
addition, principal investigators for our clinical trials may be asked to serve as scientific advisors or consultants to us from time
to time and may receive cash or equity compensation in connection with such services. If these relationships and any related compensation
result in perceived or actual conflicts of interest, or the FDA concludes that the financial relationship may have affected the interpretation
of the study, the integrity of the data generated at the applicable clinical trial site may be questioned and the utility of the clinical
trial itself may be jeopardized, which could result in the delay or rejection by the FDA of any BLA or NDA we submit. Any such delay
or rejection could prevent us from commercializing our product candidates. 

In
addition, our CROs have the right to terminate their agreements with us in the event of an uncured material breach and under other specified
circumstances. If any of our relationships with these third parties terminate, we may not be able to enter into arrangements with alternative
third parties on commercially reasonable terms or at all. Switching or adding additional CROs, medical institutions, clinical investigators
or contract laboratories involves additional cost and requires management time and focus. In addition, there is a natural transition
period when a new CRO commences work replacing a previous CRO. As a result, delays occur, which can materially impact our ability to
meet our desired clinical development timelines. There can be no assurance that we will not encounter similar challenges or delays in
the future or that these delays or challenges will not have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results
of operations. 

37 

We
currently rely on third parties for the manufacture of our product candidates during clinical development, and expect to continue to
rely on third parties for the foreseeable future. This reliance on third parties increases the risk that we will not have sufficient
quantities of our product candidates, or such quantities at an acceptable cost, which could delay, prevent or impair our development
or potential commercialization efforts. 

We
do not own or operate manufacturing facilities and have no current plans to develop our own clinical or commercial-scale manufacturing
capabilities. We rely, and expect to continue to rely, on third parties for the manufacture of our product candidates, and related raw
materials for clinical development, as well as for commercial manufacture if any of our product candidates receives regulatory approval.
The facilities used by our third-party manufacturers must be approved for the manufacture of our product candidates by the FDA, EMA,
or any comparable foreign regulatory authority, pursuant to inspections that will be conducted after we submit an NDA or BLA to the FDA,
or submit a comparable marketing application to a foreign regulatory authority. We do not control the manufacturing process of, and are
completely dependent on, third-party manufacturers for compliance with cGMP requirements for manufacture of our product candidates. If
these third-party manufacturers cannot successfully manufacture material that conforms to our specifications and the strict regulatory
requirements of the FDA or any comparable foreign regulatory authority, they will not be able to secure and/or maintain regulatory approval
for the use of their manufacturing facilities. 

In
addition, we have no control over the ability of third-party manufacturers to maintain adequate quality control, quality assurance and
qualified personnel. If the FDA, EMA or any comparable foreign regulatory authority does not approve these facilities for the manufacture
our product candidates, or if such authorities withdraw any such approval in the future, we may be required to find alternative manufacturing
facilities, which would significantly impact our ability to develop, obtain regulatory approval for or market our product candidates,
if approved. Our failure, or the failure of our third-party manufacturers, to comply with applicable regulations could result in sanctions
being imposed on us, including clinical holds, fines, injunctions, civil penalties, delays, suspension or withdrawal of approvals, seizures
or recalls, operating restrictions and criminal prosecutions, any of which could significantly and adversely affect our financial position. 

 Our
or a third party s failure to execute on our manufacturing requirements on commercially reasonable terms and in compliance with
cGMP or other regulatory requirements could adversely affect our business in a number of ways, including: 

an
 inability to initiate or complete clinical trials of our product candidates in a timely manner; 

delay
 in submitting regulatory applications, or receiving regulatory approvals, for our product candidates; 

subjecting
 third-party manufacturing facilities to additional inspections by regulatory authorities; 

requirements
 to cease development or to recall batches of our product candidates; and 

in
 the event of approval to market and commercialize any product candidate, an inability to meet commercial demands. 

In
addition, we do not have any long-term commitments or supply agreements with any third-party manufacturers. We may be unable to establish
any long-term supply agreements with third-party manufacturers or to do so on acceptable terms, which increases the risk of failing to
timely obtain sufficient quantities of our product candidates or such quantities at an acceptable cost. Even if we are able to establish
agreements with third-party manufacturers, reliance on third-party manufacturers entails additional risks, including: 

failure
 of third-party manufacturers to comply with regulatory requirements and maintain quality assurance; 

breach
 of the manufacturing agreement by the third party; 

failure
 to manufacture our product candidates according to our specifications; 

failure
 to manufacture our product according to our schedule or at all; 

misappropriation
 of our proprietary information, including our trade secrets and know-how; and 

termination
 or nonrenewal of the agreement by the third party at a time that is costly or inconvenient for us. 

38 

Any
performance failure on the part of our existing or future manufacturers could delay clinical development or marketing approval, and any
related remedial measures may be costly or time consuming to implement. We do not currently have arrangements in place for redundant
supply or a second source for all required raw materials used in the manufacture of our product candidates. If our existing or future
third-party manufacturers cannot perform as agreed, we may be required to replace such manufacturers and we may be unable to replace
them on a timely basis or at all, which would have a material adverse impact on our financial position. 

Any
collaboration arrangement that we may enter into in the future may not be successful, which could adversely affect our ability to develop
and commercialize our current and potential future product candidates. 

We
may seek collaboration arrangements with biopharmaceutical companies for the development or commercialization of our current and potential
future product candidates. To the extent that we decide to enter into collaboration agreements, we will face significant competition
in seeking appropriate collaborators. Moreover, collaboration arrangements are complex and time consuming to negotiate, execute and implement.
We may not be successful in our efforts to establish and implement collaborations or other alternative arrangements should we choose
to enter into such arrangements, and the terms of the arrangements may not be favorable to us. If and when we collaborate with a third
party for development and commercialization of a product candidate, we can expect to relinquish some or all of the control over the future
success of that product candidate to the third party. The success of our collaboration arrangements will depend heavily on the efforts
and activities of our collaborators. Collaborators generally have significant discretion in determining the efforts and resources that
they will apply to these collaborations. 

Disagreements
between parties to a collaboration arrangement can lead to delays in developing or commercializing the applicable product candidate and
can be difficult to resolve in a mutually beneficial manner. In some cases, collaborations with biopharmaceutical companies and other
third parties are terminated or allowed to expire by the other party. Any such termination or expiration would adversely affect our business,
financial condition and results of operations. 

If
we are unable to develop our own commercial organization or enter into agreements with third parties to sell and market our product candidates,
we may be unable to generate significant revenues. 

We
do not have a sales and marketing organization, and we have no experience as a company in the sales, marketing and distribution of pharmaceutical
products. If any of our product candidates are ever approved for commercialization, we may be required to develop our sales, marketing
and distribution capabilities, or make arrangements with a third party to perform sales and marketing services. Developing a sales force
for any product resulting from any of our product candidates is expensive and time consuming and could delay any product launch. We may
be unable to establish and manage an effective sales force in a timely or cost-effective manner, if at all, and any sales force we do
establish may not be capable of generating sufficient demand for our product candidates. To the extent that we enter into arrangements
with collaborators or other third parties to perform sales and marketing services, our product revenues are likely to be lower than if
we marketed and sold our product candidates independently. If we are unable to establish adequate sales and marketing capabilities, independently
or with others, we may not be able to generate significant revenues and may not become profitable. 

Risks
Related to Commercialization 

The
successful commercialization of Decoy20 or any future product candidates, if approved, will depend in part on the extent to which governmental
authorities and health insurers establish coverage, adequate reimbursement levels and favorable pricing policies. Failure to obtain or
maintain coverage and adequate reimbursement for our products could limit our ability to market those products and decrease our ability
to generate revenue. 

The
availability of coverage and the adequacy of reimbursement by governmental healthcare programs such as Medicare and Medicaid, private
health insurers and other third-party payors are essential for most patients to be able to afford prescription medications such as Decoy20
and any future product candidates, if approved. Our ability to achieve coverage and acceptable levels of reimbursement for our products
by third-party payors will have an effect on our ability to successfully commercialize those products. Accordingly, we will need to successfully
implement a coverage and reimbursement strategy for any approved product candidate. Even if we obtain coverage for a given product by
a third-party payor, the resulting reimbursement payment rates may not be adequate or may require co-payments that patients find unacceptably
high. 

39 

If
we participate in the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program or other governmental pricing programs, in certain circumstances, our products would
be subject to ceiling prices set by such programs, which could reduce the revenue we may generate from any such products. Participation
in such programs would also expose us to the risk of significant civil monetary penalties, sanctions and fines should we be found to
be in violation of any applicable obligations thereunder. 

For
products administered under the supervision of a physician, obtaining coverage and adequate reimbursement may be particularly difficult
because of the higher prices often associated with such drugs. Additionally, separate reimbursement for the product itself or the treatment
or procedure in which the product is used may not be available, which may impact physician utilization. We cannot be sure that coverage
and reimbursement in the United States, the European Union or elsewhere will be available, or at an acceptable level, for any product
that we may develop, and any reimbursement that may become available may be decreased or eliminated in the future. 

Third-party
payors increasingly are challenging prices charged for biopharmaceutical products and services, and many third-party payors may refuse
to provide coverage and reimbursement for particular drugs when an equivalent generic drug or a less expensive therapy is available.
It is possible that a third-party payor may consider our products as substitutable and only offer to reimburse patients for the less
expensive product. Even if we are successful in demonstrating improved efficacy or improved convenience of administration with our products,
pricing of existing drugs may limit the amount we will be able to charge for our products. These payors may deny or revoke the reimbursement
status of a given product or establish prices for new or existing marketed products at levels that are too low to enable us to realize
an appropriate return on our investment in product development. If reimbursement is not available or is available only at limited levels,
we may not be able to successfully commercialize our products and may not be able to obtain a satisfactory financial return on products
that we may develop. 

There
is significant uncertainty related to third-party payor coverage and reimbursement of newly approved products. In the United States,
third-party payors, including private and governmental payors, such as the Medicare and Medicaid programs, play an important role in
determining the extent to which new drugs will be covered. Some third-party payors may require pre-approval of coverage for new or innovative
devices or drug therapies before they will reimburse healthcare providers who use such therapies. It is difficult to predict at this
time what third-party payors will decide with respect to the coverage and reimbursement for Decoy20 and any future product candidates. 

Obtaining
and maintaining reimbursement status is time-consuming, costly and uncertain. The Medicare and Medicaid programs increasingly are used
as models for how private payors and other governmental payors develop their coverage and reimbursement policies for drugs. However,
no uniform policy for coverage and reimbursement for products exists among third-party payors in the United States. Therefore, coverage
and reimbursement for products can differ significantly from payor to payor. As a result, the coverage determination process is often
a time consuming and costly process that will require us to provide scientific and clinical support for the use of our products to each
payor separately, with no assurance that coverage and adequate reimbursement will be applied consistently or obtained in the first instance.
Furthermore, rules and regulations regarding reimbursement change frequently and, in some cases, at short notice, and we believe that
changes in these rules and regulations are likely. 

Outside
the United States, international operations are generally subject to extensive governmental price controls and other market regulations,
and we believe the increasing emphasis on cost-containment initiatives in Europe and other countries has and will continue to put pressure
on the pricing and usage of our products candidates, if approved in these jurisdictions. In many countries, the prices of medical products
are subject to varying price control mechanisms as part of national health systems. Other countries allow companies to fix their own
prices for medical products but monitor and control company profits. Additional foreign price controls or other changes in pricing regulation
could restrict the amount that we are able to charge for our products. Accordingly, in markets outside the United States, if any, the
reimbursement for our products may be reduced compared with the United States and may be insufficient to generate commercially reasonable
revenue and profits. 

40 

Moreover,
increasing efforts by governmental and third-party payors in the United States and abroad to cap or reduce healthcare costs may cause
such organizations to limit both coverage and the level of reimbursement for newly approved products and, as a result, they may not cover
or provide adequate payment for our products. We expect to experience pricing pressures in connection with the sale of any of our products
due to the trend toward managed healthcare, the increasing influence of health maintenance organizations and additional legislative changes.
The downward pressure on healthcare costs in general, and prescription drugs, surgical procedures and other treatments in particular,
has become very intense. As a result, increasingly high barriers are being erected to the entry of new products. 

Recently
enacted legislation, future legislation and healthcare reform measures may increase the difficulty and cost for us to obtain marketing
approval for and commercialize Decoy20 and any future product candidates and may affect the prices we may set. 

In
the United States and some foreign jurisdictions, there have been, and we expect there will continue to be, a number of legislative and
regulatory changes to the healthcare system, including cost-containment measures that may reduce or limit coverage and reimbursement
for newly approved drugs and affect our ability to profitably sell any product candidates for which we obtain marketing approval. In
particular, there have been and continue to be a number of initiatives at the U.S. federal and state levels that seek to reduce healthcare
costs and improve the quality of healthcare. 

By
way of example, in March 2010, the ACA was enacted in the United States. The ACA established an annual, nondeductible fee on any entity
that manufactures or imports specified branded prescription drugs and biologic agents; extended manufacturers Medicaid rebate
liability to covered drugs dispensed to individuals who are enrolled in Medicaid managed care organizations; expanded eligibility criteria
for Medicaid programs; expanded the entities eligible for discounts under the 340B drug pricing program; increased the statutory minimum
rebates a manufacturer must pay under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program; established a new Patient-Centered Outcomes Research Institute
to oversee, identify priorities in and conduct comparative clinical effectiveness research, along with funding for such research; and
establishes a Center for Medicare Medicaid Innovation at CMS to test innovative payment and service delivery models to lower Medicare
and Medicaid spending. 

Since
its enactment, there have been executive, judicial and Congressional challenges to certain aspects of the ACA, and on June 17, 2021,
the U.S. Supreme Court dismissed the most recent judicial challenge to the ACA brought by several states without specifically ruling
on the constitutionality of the ACA. Prior to the Supreme Court s decision, President Biden had issued an executive order to initiate
a special enrollment period from February 15, 2021 through August 15, 2021 for purposes of obtaining health insurance coverage through
the ACA marketplace. The executive order also instructed certain governmental agencies to review and reconsider their existing policies
and rules that limit access to healthcare, including among others, reexamining Medicaid demonstration projects and waiver programs that
include work requirements, and policies that create unnecessary barriers to obtaining access to health insurance coverage through Medicaid
or the ACA. It is unclear how the healthcare reform measures will impact our business. 

In
addition, other legislative changes have been proposed and adopted since the ACA was enacted. On March 11, 2021, the American Rescue
Plan Act of 2021 was signed into law, which eliminates the statutory cap on the Medicaid drug rebate, currently set at 100 of a drug s
AMP, beginning January 1, 2024. Further, there has been heightened governmental scrutiny in the United States of pharmaceutical pricing
practices in light of the rising cost of prescription drugs. Such scrutiny has resulted in several recent congressional inquiries and
proposed and enacted federal and state legislation designed to, among other things, bring more transparency to product pricing, review
the relationship between pricing and manufacturer patient assistance programs, and reform government program reimbursement methodologies
for products. Most recently, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, or IRA, included a number of significant drug pricing reforms, which
include the establishment of a drug price negotiation program within the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, or HHS (beginning
in 2026) that requires manufacturers to charge a negotiated maximum fair price for certain selected drugs or pay an excise
tax for noncompliance, the establishment of rebate payment requirements on manufacturers under Medicare Parts B and D to penalize price
increases that outpace inflation (first due in 2023), and a redesign of the Part D benefit, as part of which manufacturers are required
to provide discounts on Part D drugs (beginning in 2025). The IRA permits the HHS Secretary to implement many of these provisions through
guidance, as opposed to regulation, for the initial years. Additional drug pricing proposals could appear in future legislation. Further,
it is possible that additional governmental action is taken in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. 

41 

At
the state level, legislatures have increasingly passed legislation and implemented regulations designed to control pharmaceutical and
biological product pricing, including price or reimbursement constraints, discounts, restrictions on certain product access and marketing
cost disclosure and transparency measures, and, in some cases, designed to encourage importation from other countries and bulk purchasing.
Legally mandated price controls on payment amounts by third-party payors or other restrictions could harm our business, results of operations,
financial condition and prospects. In addition, regional healthcare authorities and individual hospitals are increasingly using bidding
procedures to determine what pharmaceutical products and which suppliers will be included in their prescription drug and other healthcare
programs. This could reduce the ultimate demand for Decoy20 and any future product candidates, if approved, or put pressure on our product
pricing, which could negatively affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. 

We
expect that these new laws and other healthcare reform measures that may be adopted in the future may result in additional reductions
in Medicare and other healthcare funding, more rigorous coverage criteria, new payment methodologies and additional downward pressure
on the price that we receive for any approved product. Any reduction in reimbursement from Medicare or other government programs may
result in a similar reduction in payments from private payors. The implementation of cost containment measures or other healthcare reforms
may prevent us from being able to generate revenue, attain profitability or commercialize Decoy20 and any future product candidates,
if approved. 

Product
liability lawsuits against us could cause us to incur substantial liabilities and could limit commercialization of any product candidates
that we may develop. 

We
will face an inherent risk of product liability exposure related to the testing of our product candidates in human clinical trials and
will face an even greater risk if we commercially sell any product candidates that we may develop. If we cannot successfully defend ourselves
against claims that our product candidates caused injuries, we could incur substantial liabilities. Regardless of merit or eventual outcome,
liability claims may result in: 

decreased
 demand for any product candidates that we may develop; 

injury
 to our reputation and significant negative media attention; 

regulatory
 investigations that could require costly recalls or product modifications; 

withdrawal
 of clinical trial participants; 

significant
 costs to defend the related litigation; 

substantial
 monetary awards to trial participants or patients; 

loss
 of potential revenue; 

the
 diversion of management s attention away from managing our business; and 

the
 inability to commercialize any product candidates that we may develop. 

Although
we maintain product liability insurance coverage, it may not be adequate to cover all liabilities that we may incur and is subject to
deductibles and coverage limitations. We anticipate that we will need to increase our insurance coverage when and if we successfully
commercialize any product candidate. Insurance coverage is increasingly expensive. We may not be able to maintain insurance coverage
at a reasonable cost or in an amount adequate to satisfy any liability that may arise. If we are unable to obtain insurance at acceptable
cost or otherwise protect against potential product liability claims, we will be exposed to significant liabilities, which may materially
and adversely affect our business and financial position. These liabilities could prevent or interfere with our commercialization efforts. 

42 

We
are subject to a multitude of manufacturing risks, any of which could substantially increase our costs and limit supply of our product
candidates. 

The
process of manufacturing our product candidates is complex, highly regulated, and subject to several risks. For example, the process
of manufacturing our product candidates is extremely susceptible to product loss due to contamination, equipment failure or improper
installation or operation of equipment, or vendor or operator error. Even minor deviations from normal manufacturing processes for any
of our product candidates could result in reduced production yields, product defects, and other supply disruptions. If microbial, viral,
or other contaminations are discovered in our product candidates or in the manufacturing facilities in which our product candidates are
made, such manufacturing facilities may need to be closed for an extended period of time to investigate and remedy the contamination.
In addition, the manufacturing facilities in which our product candidates are made could be adversely affected by equipment failures,
labor shortages, natural disasters, power failures and numerous other factors. 

In
addition, any adverse developments affecting manufacturing operations for our product candidates may result in shipment delays, inventory
shortages, lot failures, withdrawals or recalls, or other interruptions in the supply of our product candidates. We also may need to
take inventory write-offs and incur other charges and expenses for product candidates that fail to meet specifications, undertake costly
remediation efforts, or seek costlier manufacturing alternatives. 

Risks
Related to Competition, Retaining Key Employees and Managing Growth 

If
our competitors have product candidates that are approved faster, marketed more effectively, are better tolerated, have a more favorable
safety profile or are demonstrated to be more effective than our product candidates, our commercial opportunity may be adversely affected. 

The
industry in which we operate is characterized by rapidly advancing technologies, intense competition and a strong emphasis on proprietary
products. While we believe that our technology, knowledge, experience and scientific resources provide it with competitive advantages,
we face potential competition from many different sources, including commercial biotechnology enterprises, academic institutions, government
agencies and private and public research institutions. Any product candidates that we successfully develop and commercialize will compete
with existing immunotherapies and new immunotherapies that may become available in the future. 

Many
of our competitors have significantly greater financial resources and expertise in research and development, manufacturing, preclinical
studies, clinical trials, regulatory approvals and marketing approved products than we do. Smaller or early-stage companies may also
prove to be significant competitors, particularly through collaborative arrangements with large and established companies. Our competitors
may succeed in developing technologies and therapies that are more effective, better tolerated or less costly than any which we are developing,
or that would render our product candidates obsolete and noncompetitive. Even if we obtain regulatory approval for any of our product
candidates, our competitors may succeed in obtaining regulatory approvals for their products earlier than we do. We will also face competition
from these third parties in recruiting and retaining qualified scientific and management personnel, in establishing clinical trial sites
and patient registration for clinical trials, and in acquiring and in-licensing technologies and products complementary to our programs
or advantageous to our business. 

The
key competitive factors affecting the success of each of our product candidates, if approved, are likely to be its efficacy, safety,
tolerability, frequency and route of administration, convenience and price, the level of branded and generic competition, market acceptance
by physicians and patients, and the availability of coverage and reimbursement from government and other third-party payors. 

Any
product candidates for which we intend to seek approval as biologic products may face competition sooner than anticipated 

The
Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, signed into law on March 23, 2010, includes a subtitle called the Biologics Price Competition
and Innovation Act of 2009, or BPCIA, which created an abbreviated approval pathway for biological products that are biosimilar to or
interchangeable with an FDA-licensed reference biological product. Under the BPCIA, an application for a biosimilar product may not be
submitted to the FDA until four years following the date that the reference product was first licensed by the FDA. In addition, the approval
of a biosimilar product may not be made effective by the FDA until 12 years from the date on which the reference product was first licensed.
During this 12-year period of exclusivity, another company may still market a competing version of the reference product if the FDA approves
a full BLA for the competing product containing the sponsor s own preclinical data and data from adequate and well-controlled clinical
trials to demonstrate the safety, purity and potency of its product. 

43 

We
believe that any of our future product candidates approved as a biological product under a BLA should qualify for the 12-year period
of exclusivity. However, there is a risk that this exclusivity could be shortened due to Congressional action or otherwise, or that the
FDA will not consider our product candidates to be reference products for competing products, potentially creating the opportunity for
generic competition sooner than anticipated. Moreover, the extent to which a biosimilar, once approved, could be substituted for any
one of our reference products in a way that is similar to traditional generic substitution for non-biological products will depend on
a number of marketplace and regulatory factors that are still developing. 

Our
future success depends on our ability to retain key executives and to attract, retain and motivate qualified personnel. 

We
are highly dependent on our current senior management. If we fail to retain current members of our senior management and scientific personnel,
or to attract and keep additional key personnel, we may be unable to successfully develop or commercialize our product candidates. We
are highly dependent on our chief executive officer, Jeffrey A. Meckler, and our chief scientific officer, Michael J. Newman, Ph.D. Our
success depends on our continued ability to attract, retain and motivate highly qualified management and scientific personnel. However,
competition for qualified personnel is intense. We may not be successful in attracting qualified personnel to fulfill our current or
future needs on a full-time employment basis, or at all. In the event we are unable to fill critical open employment positions, we may
need to delay our operational activities and goals, including the development of the company s product candidates, and may have
difficulty in meeting our obligations as a public company. We do not currently maintain key person insurance on any of
our employees. 

In
addition, competitors and others are likely in the future to attempt to recruit our employees. The loss of the services of any of our
key personnel, the inability to attract or retain highly qualified personnel in the future or delays in hiring such personnel, particularly
senior management and other technical personnel, could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results
of operations. In addition, the replacement of key personnel likely would involve significant time and costs and may significantly delay
or prevent the achievement of our business objectives. From time to time, our management seeks the advice and guidance of certain scientific
advisors and consultants regarding clinical and regulatory development programs and other customary matters. These scientific advisors
and consultants are not our employees and may have commitments to, or consulting or advisory contracts with, other entities that may
limit their availability to us. In addition, our scientific advisors may have arrangements with other companies to assist those companies
in developing products or technologies that may compete with us. 

We
will need to increase the size of our organization and may not successfully manage our growth. 

We
are an early clinical-stage biotechnology company with a small number of employees, and our management systems currently in place are
not likely to be adequate to support our future growth plans. Our ability to grow and to manage our growth effectively will require us
to hire, train, retain, manage and motivate additional employees and to implement and improve our operational, financial and management
systems. These demands also may require the hiring of additional senior management personnel or the development of additional expertise
by our senior management personnel. Hiring a significant number of additional employees, particularly those at the management level,
would increase our expenses significantly. Moreover, if we fail to expand and enhance our operational, financial and management systems
in conjunction with our potential future growth, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results
of operations. 

44 

Risks
Related to Our Intellectual Property 

We
may not be able to adequately protect our proprietary or licensed technology in the marketplace. 

We
depend on our ability to protect our proprietary technology and products, or those that we may license. We intend to rely on trade secret,
patent, copyright and trademark laws, confidentiality, license, and other agreements with employees and third parties to protect our
intellectual property. Our success depends in large part on our ability and any licensor s or licensee s ability to obtain
and maintain patent protection in the U.S. and other countries with respect to our proprietary or licensed technology and products. We
cannot be certain that patent enforcement activities by future licensors will be conducted in compliance with applicable laws and regulations
or will result in valid and enforceable patents or other intellectual property rights. We also cannot be certain that future licensors
will allocate sufficient resources or prioritize their or our enforcement of such patents. Even if we are not a party to these legal
actions, an adverse outcome could prevent us from licensing intellectual property that we may need to operate our business, which would
have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We
believe we will be able to obtain, through prosecution of patent applications covering our owned technology, adequate patent protection
for our proprietary technology. If we are compelled to spend significant time and money protecting or enforcing our patents and future
patents that we may own, designing around patents held by others or licensing or acquiring, potentially for large fees, patents or other
proprietary rights held by others, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected.
If we are unable to effectively protect the intellectual property that we own or in-license, other companies may be able to offer the
same or similar products for sale, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
The patents of others from whom we may license technology, and any future patents we may own, may be challenged, narrowed, invalidated
or circumvented, which could limit our ability to stop competitors from marketing the same or similar products or limit the length of
term of patent protection that we may have for our products. 

We
may not be successful in obtaining or maintaining necessary rights to our product candidates through acquisitions and in-licenses. 

We
may be unable to acquire or in-license any compositions, methods of use, processes or other intellectual property rights from third parties
that we identify as necessary for our current or future product candidates. We may face competition with regard to acquiring and in-licensing
third-party intellectual property rights, including from a number of more established companies. These established companies may have
a competitive advantage over us due to their size, cash resources and greater clinical development and commercialization capabilities.
In addition, companies that perceive us to be a competitor may be unwilling to assign or license intellectual property rights to us.
We also may be unable to acquire or in- license third-party intellectual property rights on terms that would allow us to make an appropriate
return on our investment. 

We
may enter into collaboration agreements with U.S. and foreign academic institutions to accelerate development of our current or future
preclinical product candidates. Typically, these agreements include an option for the company to negotiate a license to the institution s
intellectual property rights resulting from the collaboration. Even with such an option, we may be unable to negotiate a license within
the specified timeframe or under terms that are acceptable to us. If we are unable to license rights from a collaborating institution,
the institution may offer the intellectual property rights to other parties, potentially blocking our ability to pursue our desired program. 

If
we are unable to successfully obtain required third-party intellectual property rights or maintain our existing intellectual property
rights, we may need to abandon development of the related program and our business, financial condition and results of operations could
be materially and adversely affected. 

Obtaining
and maintaining patent protection depends on compliance with various procedural, document submission, fee payment and other requirements
imposed by governmental patent agencies, and our patent protection for licensed patents, pending patent applications and potential future
patent applications and patents could be reduced or eliminated for non-compliance with these requirements. 

Periodic
maintenance fees, renewal fees, annuity fees and various other governmental fees on patents and/or patent applications will be due to
be paid to the United States Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO) and various governmental patent agencies outside of the U.S. in several
stages over the lifetime of the applicable patent and/or patent application. The USPTO and various non-U.S. governmental patent agencies
require compliance with a number of procedural, documentary, fee payment and other similar provisions during the patent application process.
In many cases, an inadvertent lapse can be cured by payment of a late fee or by other means in accordance with the applicable rules.
However, there are situations in which noncompliance can result in abandonment or lapse of the patent or patent application, resulting
in partial or complete loss of patent rights in the relevant jurisdiction. If this occurs with respect to our in-licensed patents or
patent applications we may file in the future, our competitors might be able to use our technologies, which would have a material adverse
effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

45 

The
patent positions of products are often complex and uncertain. The breadth of claims allowed in patents in the U.S. and many jurisdictions
outside of the U.S. may not be consistent. Changes in either the patent laws or interpretations of patent laws in the U.S. and other
countries may diminish the value of our licensed or owned intellectual property or create uncertainty. In addition, publication of information
related to our current product candidates and potential products may prevent us from obtaining or enforcing patents relating to these
product candidates and potential products, including without limitation composition-of-matter patents, which are generally believed to
offer the strongest patent protection. 

Patents
that we may own now or may own or license in the future do not necessarily ensure the protection of our licensed or owned intellectual
property for a number of reasons, including, without limitation, the following: 

the
 patents may not be broad or strong enough to prevent competition from other products that
 are identical or similar to our product candidates 

there
 can be no assurance that the term of a patent can be extended under the provisions of patent
 term extensions afforded by U.S. law or similar provisions in foreign countries, where available 

the
 issued patents and patents that we may own now or may obtain or license in the future may
 not prevent generic or biosimilar entry into the market for our product candidates 

we,
 or third parties from whom we in-license or may license patents, may be required to disclaim
 part of the term of one or more patents 

there
 may be prior art of which we are not aware that may affect the validity or enforceability
 of a patent claim 

there
 may be prior art of which we are aware, which we do not believe affects the validity or enforceability
 of a patent claim, but which, nonetheless, ultimately may be found to affect the validity
 or enforceability of a patent claim 

there
 may be other patents issued to others that will affect our freedom to operate 

if
 the patents are challenged, a court could determine that they are invalid or unenforceable 

there
 might be a significant change in the law that governs patentability, validity and infringement
 of our licensed patents or any future patents we may own that adversely affects the scope
 of our patent rights 

a
 court could determine that a competitor s technology or product does not infringe our
 patents or any future patents we may own and 

the
 patents could irretrievably lapse due to failure to pay fees or otherwise comply with regulations
 or could be subject to compulsory licensing. If we encounter delays in our development or
 clinical trials, the period of time during which we could market our potential products under
 patent protection would be reduced. 

Our
competitors may be able to circumvent patents or future patents that we may own by developing similar or alternative technologies or
products in a non-infringing manner. Our competitors may seek to market generic or biosimilar versions of any approved products by submitting
abbreviated new applications or biosimilar biological product applications to the FDA in which our competitors claim that our licensed
patents or any future patents we may own are invalid, unenforceable or not infringed. Alternatively, our competitors may seek approval
to market their own products similar to or otherwise competitive with our products. In these circumstances, we may need to defend or
assert our patents or any future patents we may own, including by filing lawsuits alleging patent infringement. In any of these types
of proceedings, a court or other agency with jurisdiction may find our licensed patents or any future patents we may own invalid or unenforceable.
We may also fail to identify patentable aspects of our research and development before it is too late to obtain patent protection. Even
if we own or in-license valid and enforceable patents, these patents still may not provide protection against competing products or processes
sufficient to achieve our business objectives. 

46 

The
issuance of a patent is not conclusive as to its inventorship, scope, ownership, priority, validity or enforceability. In this regard,
third parties may challenge our patents or any future patents we may own in the courts or patent offices in the U.S. and abroad. Such
challenges may result in loss of exclusivity or freedom to operate or in patent claims being narrowed, invalidated or held unenforceable,
in whole or in part, which could limit our ability to stop others from using or commercializing similar or identical technology and products,
or limit the duration of the patent protection of our technology and potential products. In addition, given the amount of time required
for the development, testing and regulatory review of new product candidates, patents protecting such product candidates might expire
before or shortly after such product candidates are commercialized. 

Patent
terms may be inadequate to protect our competitive position on our product candidates for an adequate amount of time. 

Patents
have a limited lifespan, and the protection patents afford is limited. In the United States, if all maintenance fees are timely paid,
the natural expiration of a patent is generally 20 years from its earliest U.S. non-provisional filing date. Even if patents covering
our product candidates are obtained, once the patent life has expired for patents covering a product or product candidate, we may be
open to competition from competitive products and services. As a result, our patent portfolio may not provide us with sufficient rights
to exclude others from commercializing products similar or identical to ours. We may infringe the intellectual property rights of others,
which may prevent or delay our product development efforts and prevent us from commercializing, or increase the costs of commercializing,
our products. 

Our
commercial success depends significantly on our ability to operate without infringing the patents and other intellectual property
rights of third parties. For example, there could be issued patents of which we are not aware that our current or potential future
product candidates infringe. There also could be patents that we believe we do not infringe upon, but that we may ultimately be
found to infringe upon. 

Moreover,
patent applications are in some cases maintained in secrecy until patents are issued. The publication of discoveries in the scientific
or patent literature frequently occurs substantially later than the date on which the underlying discoveries were made and patent applications
were filed. Because patents can take many years to issue, there may be currently pending applications of which we are unaware that may
later result in issued patents that our product candidates or potential products infringe. For example, pending applications may exist
that claim or can be amended to claim subject matter that our product candidates or potential products infringe. Competitors may file
continuing patent applications claiming priority to already issued patents in the form of continuation, divisional, or continuation-in-part
applications, in order to maintain the pendency of a patent family and attempt to cover our product candidates. 

Third
parties may assert that we are employing their proprietary technology without authorization and may sue us for patent or other intellectual
property infringement. These lawsuits are costly and could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations
and divert the attention of managerial and scientific personnel. If we are sued for patent infringement, we would need to demonstrate
that our product candidates, potential products or methods either do not infringe the claims of the relevant patent or that the patent
claims are invalid, and we may not be able to do this. Proving invalidity is difficult. For example, in the U.S., proving invalidity
requires a showing of clear and convincing evidence to overcome the presumption of validity enjoyed by issued patents. Even if we are
successful in these proceedings, we may incur substantial costs and the time and attention of our management and scientific personnel
could be diverted in pursuing these proceedings, which could have a material adverse effect on us. In addition, we may not have sufficient
resources to bring these actions to a successful conclusion. If a court holds that any third-party patents are valid, enforceable and
cover our products or their use, the holders of any of these patents may be able to block our ability to commercialize our products unless
it acquires or obtains a license under the applicable patents or until the patents expire. 

47 

We
may not be able to enter into licensing arrangements or make other arrangements at a reasonable cost or on reasonable terms. Any inability
to secure licenses or alternative technology could result in delays in the introduction of our products or lead to prohibition of the
manufacture or sale of products by us. Even if we are able to obtain a license, it may be non-exclusive, thereby giving our competitors
access to the same technologies licensed to us. We could be forced, including by court order, to cease commercializing the infringing
technology or product. In addition, in any such proceeding or litigation, we could be found liable for monetary damages, including treble
damages and attorneys fees, if we are found to have willfully infringed a patent. A finding of infringement could prevent us from
commercializing our product candidates or force us to cease some of our business operations, which could materially and adversely affect
our business, financial condition and results of operations. Any claims by third parties that we have misappropriated their confidential
information or trade secrets could have a similar material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
In addition, any uncertainties resulting from the initiation and continuation of any litigation could have a material adverse effect
on our ability to raise the funds necessary to continue our operations. 

Any
claims or lawsuits relating to infringement of intellectual property rights brought by or against us will be costly and time consuming
and may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We
may be required to initiate litigation to enforce or defend our licensed and owned intellectual property. Lawsuits to protect our intellectual
property rights can be very time consuming and costly. There is a substantial amount of litigation involving patent and other intellectual
property rights in the biopharmaceutical industry generally. Such litigation or proceedings could substantially increase our operating
expenses and reduce the resources available for development activities or any future sales, marketing or distribution activities. 

In
any infringement litigation, any award of monetary damages we receive may not be commercially valuable. Furthermore, because of the substantial
amount of discovery required in connection with intellectual property litigation, there is a risk that some of our confidential information
could be compromised by disclosure during litigation. Moreover, there can be no assurance that we will have sufficient financial or other
resources to file and pursue such infringement claims, which typically last for years before they are resolved. Further, any claims we
assert against a perceived infringer could provoke these parties to assert counterclaims against us alleging that we have infringed their
patents. Some of our competitors may be able to sustain the costs of such litigation or proceedings more effectively than we can because
of their greater financial resources. Uncertainties resulting from the initiation and continuation of patent litigation or other proceedings
could have a material adverse effect on our ability to compete in the marketplace. 

In
addition, our patents and patent applications, and patents and patent applications that we may apply for, own or license in the future,
could face other challenges, such as interference proceedings, opposition proceedings, re-examination proceedings and other forms of
post-grant review. Any of these challenges, if successful, could result in the invalidation of, or in a narrowing of the scope of, any
of our patents and patent applications and patents and patent applications that we may apply for, own or license in the future subject
to challenge. Any of these challenges, regardless of their success, would likely be time consuming and expensive to defend and resolve
and would divert our management and scientific personnel s time and attention. 

Changes
in U.S. patent law could diminish the value of patents in general, thereby impairing our ability to protect our products. 

As
is the case with other biotechnology companies, our success is heavily dependent on intellectual property, particularly patents. Obtaining
and enforcing patents in the biotechnology industry involves both technological and legal complexity and is costly, time-consuming and
inherently uncertain. For example, the U.S. previously enacted and is currently implementing wide-ranging patent reform legislation.
Specifically, on September 16, 2011, the Leahy-Smith America Invents Act, or the Leahy-Smith Act, was signed into law and included a
number of significant changes to U.S. patent law, and many of the provisions became effective in March 2013. However, it may take the
courts years to interpret the provisions of the Leahy-Smith Act, and the implementation of the statute could increase the uncertainties
and costs surrounding the prosecution of our licensed and future patent applications and the enforcement or defense of our licensed and
future patents, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

48 

In
addition, the U.S. Supreme Court has ruled on several patent cases in recent years, either narrowing the scope of patent protection available
in certain circumstances or weakening the rights of patent owners in certain situations. In addition to increasing uncertainty with regard
to our ability to obtain patents in the future, this combination of events has created uncertainty with respect to the value of patents,
once obtained. Depending on decisions by the U.S. Congress, the federal courts and the USPTO, the laws and regulations governing patents
could change in unpredictable ways that would weaken our ability to obtain new patents or to enforce patents that we might obtain in
the future. 

We
may not be able to protect our intellectual property rights throughout the world. 

Filing,
prosecuting and defending patents on product candidates throughout the world could be prohibitively expensive. Competitors may use our
licensed and owned technologies in jurisdictions where we have not licensed or obtained patent protection to develop their own products
and, further, may export otherwise infringing products to territories where we may obtain or license patent protection, but where patent
enforcement is not as strong as that in the U.S. These products may compete with our products in jurisdictions where we do not have any
issued or licensed patents and any future patent claims or other intellectual property rights may not be effective or sufficient to prevent
them from so competing. 

Many
companies have encountered significant problems in protecting and defending intellectual property rights in foreign jurisdictions. The
legal systems of certain countries, particularly certain developing countries, do not favor the enforcement of patents and other intellectual
property protection, which could make it difficult for us to stop the infringement of our licensed patents and future patents we may
own, or marketing of competing products in violation of our proprietary rights generally. Further, the laws of some foreign countries
do not protect proprietary rights to the same extent or in the same manner as the laws of the U.S. As a result, we may encounter significant
problems in protecting and defending our licensed and owned intellectual property both in the U.S. and abroad. Proceedings to enforce
our future patent rights, if any, in foreign jurisdictions could result in substantial cost and divert our efforts and attention from
other aspects of our business. 

We
may be unable to adequately prevent disclosure of trade secrets and other proprietary information. 

In
order to protect our proprietary technology and processes, we rely in part on confidentiality agreements with our corporate partners,
employees, consultants, manufacturers, outside scientific collaborators and sponsored researchers and other advisors. These agreements
may not effectively prevent disclosure of our confidential information and may not provide an adequate remedy in the event of unauthorized
disclosure of confidential information. In addition, others may independently discover our trade secrets and proprietary information.
Failure to obtain or maintain trade secret protection could adversely affect our competitive business position. 

We
may be subject to claims challenging the inventorship of our patents, any future patents we may own, and other intellectual property. 

Although
we are not currently experiencing any claims challenging the inventorship of our patents or our owned intellectual property, we may in
the future be subject to claims that former employees, collaborators or other third parties have an interest in our patents or other
owned intellectual property as an inventor or co-inventor. For example, we may have inventorship disputes arise from conflicting obligations
of consultants or others who are involved in developing our product candidates. Litigation may be necessary to defend against these and
other claims challenging inventorship. If we fail in defending any such claims, in addition to paying monetary damages, we may lose valuable
intellectual property rights, such as exclusive ownership of, or right to use, valuable intellectual property. Such an outcome could
have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Even if we are successful in defending
against such claims, litigation could result in substantial costs and be a distraction to management and other employees. 

49 

Risks
Related to Healthcare Laws and Other Legal Compliance Matters 

We
are subject to various U.S. federal, state and foreign healthcare laws and regulations, which could increase compliance costs, and our
failure to comply with these laws and regulations could harm our results of operations and financial condition. 

Our
business operations and current and future arrangements with investigators, healthcare professionals, consultants, third-party payors,
patient organizations and customers expose us to broadly applicable foreign, federal and state fraud and abuse and other healthcare laws
and regulations. These laws may constrain the business or financial arrangements and relationships through which we conduct our operations,
including how we research, market, sell and distribute any products for which we obtain marketing approval. Such laws include: 

the
 federal Anti-Kickback Statute, which prohibits, among other things, persons or entities from
 knowingly and willfully soliciting, offering, receiving or providing any remuneration (including
 any kickback, bribe or certain rebates), directly or indirectly, overtly or covertly, in
 cash or in kind, in return for, either the referral of an individual or the purchase, lease,
 or order, or arranging for or recommending the purchase, lease, or order of any good, facility,
 item or service, for which payment may be made, in whole or in part, under a federal healthcare
 program such as Medicare and Medicaid. A person or entity does not need to have actual knowledge
 of the federal Anti-Kickback Statute or specific intent to violate it in order to have committed
 a violation; 

the
 federal false claims laws, including the civil False Claims Act, and civil monetary penalties
 laws, which prohibit, among other things, individuals or entities from knowingly presenting,
 or causing to be presented, to the federal government, claims for payment or approval that
 are false or fraudulent, knowingly making, using or causing to be made or used, a false record
 or statement material to a false or fraudulent claim, or from knowingly making or causing
 to be made a false statement to avoid, decrease or conceal an obligation to pay money to
 the federal government. In addition, the government may assert that a claim including items
 or services resulting from a violation of the federal Anti-Kickback Statute constitutes a
 false or fraudulent claim for purposes of the civil False Claims Act; 

the
 federal Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA), which imposes
 criminal and civil liability for, among other things, knowingly and willfully executing,
 or attempting to execute, a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program, or knowingly
 and willfully falsifying, concealing or covering up a material fact or making any materially
 false statement, in connection with the delivery of, or payment for, healthcare benefits,
 items or services. Similar to the federal Anti- Kickback Statute, a person or entity does
 not need to have actual knowledge of the statute or specific intent to violate it in order
 to have committed a violation; 

the
 federal Physician Payments Sunshine Act, which requires certain manufacturers of drugs, devices,
 biologics and medical supplies for which payment is available under Medicare, Medicaid or
 the Children s Health Insurance Program (with certain exceptions) to report annually
 to the Centers for Medicare Medicaid Services (CMS), information related to payments
 and other transfers of value made to physicians (defined to include doctors,
 dentists, optometrists, podiatrists and chiropractors), certain non-physician practitioners
 (physician assistants, nurse practitioners, clinical nurse specialists, certified nurse anesthetists,
 anesthesiology assistants and certified nurse-midwives), and teaching hospitals and other
 healthcare providers, as well as ownership and investment interests held by such healthcare
 professionals and their immediate family members; and 

analogous
 state and foreign laws and regulations, such as state anti-kickback and false claims laws,
 which may apply to sales or marketing arrangements and claims involving healthcare items
 or services reimbursed by non-governmental third-party payors, including private insurers;
 some state laws require biotechnology companies to comply with the biotechnology industry s
 voluntary compliance guidelines and the relevant compliance guidance promulgated by the federal
 government and may require drug manufacturers to report information related to payments and
 other transfers of value to physicians and other healthcare providers or marketing expenditures;
 some state laws that require biotechnology companies to report information on the pricing
 of certain drug products; and some state and local laws that require the registration or
 pharmaceutical sales representatives. 

Efforts
to ensure that our current and future business arrangements with third parties will comply with applicable healthcare and privacy laws
and regulations will involve ongoing substantial costs. It is possible that governmental authorities will conclude that our business
practices may not comply with current or future statutes, regulations or case law involving applicable fraud and abuse or other healthcare
laws and regulations. If our operations are found to be in violation of any of these laws or any other governmental regulations that
may apply to us, we may be subject to significant penalties, including civil, criminal and administrative penalties, damages, fines,
disgorgement, imprisonment, exclusion from participation in government-funded healthcare programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid, integrity
oversight and reporting obligations, contractual damages, reputational harm, diminished profits and future earnings and the curtailment
or restructuring of our operations. Defending against any such actions can be costly and time-consuming and may require significant financial
and personnel resources. 

50 

Therefore,
even if we are successful in defending against any such actions that may be brought against us, our business may be impaired. Further,
if any of the physicians or other healthcare providers or entities with whom we expect to do business are found not to be in compliance
with applicable laws or regulations, they may be subject to significant criminal, civil or administrative sanctions, including exclusions
from government-funded healthcare programs. 

Actual
or perceived failures to comply with applicable data protection, privacy and security laws, regulations, standards and other requirements
could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 

The
global data protection landscape is rapidly evolving, and we are or may become subject to numerous state, federal and foreign laws, requirements
and regulations governing the collection, use, disclosure, retention, and security of personal information. Implementation standards
and enforcement practices are likely to remain uncertain for the foreseeable future, and we cannot yet determine the impact future laws,
regulations, standards, or perception of their requirements may have on our business. This evolution may create uncertainty in our business,
affect our ability to operate in certain jurisdictions or to collect, store, transfer use and share personal information, necessitate
the acceptance of more onerous obligations in our contracts, result in liability or impose additional costs on us. Each of these laws
is subject to varying interpretations by courts and government agencies, creating complex compliance issues. If we fail to comply with
applicable laws and regulations, we may face government investigations and/or enforcement actions, fines, civil or criminal penalties,
private litigation or adverse publicity that could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operation. For example,
we may be subject to criminal penalties if we knowingly obtain or disclose individually identifiable health information from a covered
entity in a manner that is not authorized or permitted by the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act, as amended by the
Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act of 2009, and regulations implemented thereunder or applicable state
laws. 

Violations
of or liabilities under environmental, health and safety laws and regulations could subject us to fines, penalties or other costs that
could have a material adverse effect on the success of our business. 

We
are subject to numerous environmental, health and safety laws and regulations, including those governing laboratory procedures, the handling,
use, storage, treatment and disposal of hazardous materials and wastes and the cleanup of contaminated sites. Our operations involve
the use of potentially hazardous and flammable materials, including chemicals and biological materials. Our operations also produce hazardous
waste products. We could incur substantial costs as a result of violations of or liabilities under environmental requirements in connection
with our operations or property, including fines, penalties and other sanctions, investigation and cleanup costs and third-party claims.
Although we generally contract with third parties for the disposal of hazardous materials and wastes from our operations, we cannot eliminate
the risk of contamination or injury from these materials. In the event of contamination or injury resulting from our use of hazardous
materials, we could be held liable for any resulting damages, and any liability could exceed our resources. 

Furthermore,
environmental laws and regulations are complex, change frequently and have tended to become more stringent. We cannot predict the impact
of changes to applicable laws and regulations and cannot be certain of our future compliance. In addition, we may incur substantial costs
in order to comply with current or future environmental, health and safety laws and regulations. These current or future laws and regulations
may impair our research, development or production efforts. 

Although
we maintain workers compensation insurance to cover us for costs and expenses we may incur due to injuries to our employees resulting
from the use of hazardous materials, this insurance may not provide adequate coverage against potential liabilities. We do not maintain
insurance for environmental liability or toxic tort claims that may be asserted against us in connection with our storage or disposal
of biological, hazardous or radioactive materials. 

51 

Other
Risks Related to Our Business 

A
pandemic, epidemic or outbreak of an infectious disease, such as COVID-19, may materially and adversely affect our business and operations. 

Pandemics,
epidemics or other infectious disease outbreaks have in the past and could in the future negatively affect our business. The COVID-19
pandemic has affected the United States and global economies and has affected our operations and those of third parties on which we rely,
including by causing disruptions in the supply of our product candidates and the conduct of current and future clinical trials. For example,
the pandemic has caused our GMP process to take longer than expected. In addition, the COVID-19 pandemic has affected, and may continue
to affect, the operations of the FDA and other health authorities, which could result in delays of reviews and approvals, including with
respect to our product candidates. Additionally, while the potential economic impact brought by, and the duration of the COVID-19 pandemic
is difficult to assess or predict, the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the global financial markets may reduce our ability to access
capital, which could negatively impact our short-term and long-term liquidity. The ultimate impact of the COVID-19 pandemic is highly
uncertain and subject to change. While it is unknown how long these conditions will last and what the complete financial effect will
be to us, capital raising efforts and additional development of our technologies may be negatively affected. 

Our
business and operations may suffer in the event of information technology system failures, cyberattacks or deficiencies in our cybersecurity. 

We
collect and maintain information in digital form that is necessary to conduct our business, and we are increasingly dependent on information
technology systems and infrastructure to operate our business. In the ordinary course of our business, we collect, store and transmit
large amounts of confidential information, including intellectual property, proprietary business information and personal information
of customers and our employees and contractors. It is critical that we do so in a secure manner to maintain the confidentiality and integrity
of such confidential information. 

Our
information technology systems and those of our third-party service providers, strategic partners and other contractors or consultants
are vulnerable to attack and damage or interruption from computer viruses and malware (e.g. ransomware), malicious code, natural disasters,
terrorism, war, telecommunication and electrical failures, hacking, cyberattacks, phishing attacks and other social engineering schemes,
employee theft or misuse, human error, fraud, denial or degradation of service attacks, sophisticated nation-state and nation-state-supported
actors or unauthorized access or use by persons inside our organization, or persons with access to systems inside our organization. We
have also outsourced elements of our information technology infrastructure, and as a result a number of third-party vendors may or could
have access to our confidential information. 

Further,
attacks upon information technology systems are increasing in their frequency, levels of persistence, sophistication and intensity, and
are being conducted by sophisticated and organized groups and individuals with a wide range of motives and expertise. As a result of
the COVID-19 pandemic, we may also face increased cybersecurity risks due to our reliance on internet technology and the number of our
employees who are working remotely, which may create additional opportunities for cybercriminals to exploit vulnerabilities. Furthermore,
because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access to, or to sabotage, systems change frequently and often are not recognized
until launched against a target, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or implement adequate preventative measures. We may
also experience security breaches that may remain undetected for an extended period. Even if identified, we may be unable to adequately
investigate or remediate incidents or breaches due to attackers increasingly using tools and techniques that are designed to circumvent
controls, to avoid detection, and to remove or obfuscate forensic evidence. 

We
and certain of our service providers are from time to time subject to cyberattacks and security incidents. While we do not believe that
we have experienced any significant system failure, accident or security breach to date, if such an event were to occur and cause interruptions
in our operations, it could result in a material disruption of our development programs and our business operations, whether due to a
loss, corruption or unauthorized disclosure of our trade secrets, personal information or other proprietary or sensitive information
or other similar disruptions. If a security breach or other incident were to result in the unauthorized access to or unauthorized use,
disclosure, release or other processing of personal information, it may be necessary to notify individuals, governmental authorities,
supervisory bodies, the media and other parties pursuant to privacy and security laws. We could also incur liability, including litigation
exposure, penalties and fines, and we could become the subject of regulatory action or investigation. Our competitive position could
be harmed and the further development and commercialization of our products and services could be delayed. We maintain cyber liability
insurance; however, this insurance may not be sufficient to cover the financial, legal, business or reputational losses that may result
from an interruption or breach of our systems. 

52 

We
may engage in strategic transactions that could impact our liquidity, increase our expenses and present significant distractions to our
management. 

From
time to time, we may consider strategic transactions, such as acquisitions of companies, asset purchases and out-licensing or in-licensing
of products, product candidates or technologies. Additional potential transactions that we may consider include a variety of different
business arrangements, including spin-offs, strategic partnerships, joint ventures, restructurings, divestitures, business combinations
and investments. Any such transaction may require us to incur non-recurring or other charges, may increase our near- and long-term expenditures
and may pose significant integration challenges or disrupt our management or business, which could adversely affect our business, financial
condition and results of operations. For example, these transactions may entail numerous operational and financial risks, including: 

exposure
 to unknown liabilities 

disruption
 of our business and diversion of our management s time and attention in order to develop
 acquired products, product candidates or technologies 

incurrence
 of substantial debt or dilutive issuances of equity securities to pay for any of these transactions 

higher-than-expected
 transaction and integration costs 

write-downs
 of assets or goodwill or impairment charges 

increased
 amortization expenses 

difficulty
 and cost in combining the operations and personnel of any acquired businesses or product
 lines with our operations and personnel 

impairment
 of relationships with key suppliers or customers of any acquired businesses or product lines
 due to changes in management and ownership and 

inability
 to retain key employees of any acquired businesses. 

Accordingly,
although there can be no assurance that we will undertake or successfully complete any transactions of the nature described above, any
transactions that we do complete may be subject to the foregoing or other risks and could have a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition and results of operations. 

53 

Risks
Related to Our Common Stock 

The
market price of our common stock is volatile and you may sustain a complete loss of your investment. 

Our
common stock currently trades on the Nasdaq Capital Market. The market price of our common stock has been, and is likely to continue
to be, volatile. The market price of our common stock may fluctuate significantly in response to numerous factors, some of which are
beyond our control, such as: 

inability to obtain the
 approvals necessary to commence clinical trials 

results of clinical and
 preclinical studies 

announcements of regulatory
 approval or the failure to obtain it, or specific label indications or patient populations for its use, or changes or delays in the
 regulatory review process 

announcements of technological
 innovations, new products or product enhancements by us or others 

adverse actions taken by
 regulatory agencies with respect to our clinical trials, manufacturing supply chain or sales and marketing activities 

changes or developments
 in laws, regulations or decisions applicable to our product candidates or patents 

any adverse changes to
 our relationship with manufacturers, suppliers or partners 

announcements concerning
 our competitors or the pharmaceutical or biotechnology industries in general 

achievement of expected
 product sales and profitability or our failure to meet expectations 

our commencement of or
 results of, or involvement in, litigation, including, but not limited to, any product liability actions or intellectual property
 infringement actions 

any major changes in our
 board of directors, management or other key personnel 

legislation in the United
 States, Europe and other foreign countries relating to the sale or pricing of pharmaceuticals 

announcements by us of
 significant strategic partnerships, out-licensing, in-licensing, joint ventures, acquisitions or capital commitments 

expiration or terminations
 of licenses, research contracts or other collaboration agreements 

public concern as to the
 safety of therapeutics we, any licensees or others develop 

success of research and
 development projects 

developments concerning
 intellectual property rights or regulatory approvals 

variations in us and our
 competitors results of operations 

changes in earnings estimates
 or recommendations by securities analysts, if our common stock is covered by analysts 

future issuances of common
 stock or other securities 

general market conditions,
 including the volatility of market prices for shares of biotechnology companies generally, and other factors, including factors unrelated
 to our operating performance 

political and economic
 instability, war or acts of terrorism or natural disasters, emergence of a pandemic, or other widespread health emergencies (or concerns
 over the possibility of such an emergency, including for example, the COVID-19 pandemic) and 

the other factors described
 in this Risk Factors section. 

These
factors and any corresponding price fluctuations may materially and adversely affect the market price of our common stock, which would
result in substantial losses by our investors. 

54 

Further,
the stock market in general, the Nasdaq Capital Market and the market for biotechnology companies in particular, have experienced extreme
price and volume fluctuations that have often been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of companies like theirs.
See also -General Risk Factors - Unfavorable global economic conditions could adversely affect our business, financial
condition or results of operations . Broad market and industry factors may negatively affect the market price of our common
stock regardless of our actual operating performance. In addition, a systemic decline in the financial markets and related factors beyond
our control may cause our share price to decline rapidly and unexpectedly. Price volatility of our common stock might be worse if the
trading volume of our common stock is low. In the past, following periods of market volatility, stockholders have often instituted securities
class action litigation. This risk is especially relevant for us because biopharmaceutical companies
have experienced significant stock price volatility in recent years. If we face such securities litigation, it could result insubstantial
costs and a diversion of management s resources and attention ,which could harm our business. Future sales of our common stock
could also reduce the market price of our stock. 

Moreover,
the liquidity of our common stock will be limited, not only in terms of the number of shares of common stock that can be bought and sold
at a given price, but by potential delays in the timing of executing transactions in our common stock and a reduction in security analyst
and media s coverage of us, if any. These factors may result in lower prices for our common stock than might otherwise be obtained
and could also result in a larger spread between the bid and ask prices for our common stock. In addition, without a large float, our
common stock will be less liquid than the stock of companies with broader public ownership and, as a result, the trading prices of our
common stock may be more volatile. In the absence of an active public trading market, an investor may be unable to liquidate their investment
in our common stock. Trading of a relatively small volume of our common stock may have a greater impact on the trading price of our common
stock than would be the case if our public float were larger. We cannot predict the prices at which our common stock will trade in the
future. 

An
active trading market for our common stock may not be sustained. 

An
active public trading market for our common stock may not be sustained. The lack of an active market may impair your ability to sell
your shares at the time you wish to sell them or at a price that you consider reasonable. The lack of an active market may also reduce
the fair value of your shares. An inactive market may also impair our ability to raise capital to continue to fund operations by selling
shares and may impair our ability to acquire other companies or technologies by using our shares as consideration. 

If
securities or industry analysts do not publish or cease publishing research or reports, or publish unfavorable reports about us, our
business or our market, our share price and trading volume could be negatively impacted. 

The
trading market for our common stock could be influenced by the research and reports that industry or securities analysts may publish
about us, our business, our market or our competitors. We do not have any control over these analysts and cannot provide any assurance
that analysts will cover us or provide favorable coverage. If any of the analysts who may cover us adversely change their recommendation
regarding our common stock, or provide more favorable relative recommendations about our competitors, our share price would likely decline.
If any analyst who may cover us were to cease coverage of us or fail to regularly publish reports on us, we could lose visibility in
the financial markets, which in turn could negatively impact our share price or trading volume. 

Sales
of a substantial number of our shares in the public market by our existing shareholders could cause our share price to decline. 

Sales
of a substantial number of our shares in the public market or the perception that these sales might occur, could depress the market price
of our securities and could impair our ability to raise capital through the sale of additional equity securities. We are not able to
predict the effect that sales may have on the prevailing market price of our securities. 

We
are a smaller reporting company and the reduced disclosure requirements applicable to smaller reporting companies may make
our common stock less attractive to investors. 

We
are considered a smaller reporting company. We are therefore entitled to rely on certain reduced disclosure requirements,
such as an exemption from providing selected financial data and executive compensation information. These exemptions and reduced disclosures
in our SEC filings due to our status as a smaller reporting company may make it harder for investors to analyze our results of operations
and financial prospects. We cannot predict whether investors will find our common stock less attractive because we may rely on these exemptions.
If some investors find our common stock less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our common stock and
our stock prices may be more volatile. 

55 

Maintaining
and improving our financial controls and the requirements of being a public company may strain our resources, divert management s
attention and affect our ability to attract and retain qualified board members. 

As
a public company, we are subject to the reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or the Exchange Act, the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act and The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Nasdaq rules. The requirements of these rules and regulations will increase our legal
and financial compliance costs, make some activities more difficult, time-consuming or costly and place strain on our personnel, systems
and resources. The Exchange Act requires, among other things, that we file annual, quarterly and current reports with respect to our
business and financial condition. 

The
Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires, among other things, that we disclose whether we maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures and
internal control over financial reporting. Ensuring that we have adequate internal financial and accounting controls and procedures in
place is a costly and time-consuming effort that needs to be re-evaluated frequently. 

We
may need to hire additional accounting and financial staff with appropriate public company experience and technical accounting knowledge.
Implementing any appropriate changes to our internal controls may require specific compliance training for our directors, officers and
employees, entail substantial costs, and take a significant period of time to complete. Such changes may not, however, be effective in
maintaining the adequacy of our internal controls, and any failure to maintain that adequacy, or consequent inability to produce accurate
financial statements on a timely basis, could increase our operating costs and could materially impair our ability to operate our business.
Moreover, effective internal controls are necessary for us to produce reliable financial reports and are important to help prevent fraud. 

In
accordance with Nasdaq rules, we will be required to maintain a majority independent board of directors. The various rules and regulations
applicable to public companies make it more difficult and more expensive for us to maintain directors and officers liability
insurance, and we may be required to accept reduced coverage or incur substantially higher costs to maintain coverage. If we are unable
to maintain adequate directors and officers insurance, our ability to recruit and retain qualified officers and directors
will be significantly curtailed. 

It
is expected that the rules and regulations applicable to public companies will result in us incurring substantial legal and financial
compliance costs. These costs will decrease our net income or increase our net loss and may require us to reduce costs in other areas
of our business. 

Failure
to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting in accordance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 could
have a material adverse effect on our share price. 

As
a public company in the U.S., we incur significant accounting, legal and other expenses in order to comply with requirements of the SEC,
and the Nasdaq Capital Market, including requirements under Section 404 and other provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Pursuant to Section
404, we are required to furnish a report by our management on our internal control over financial reporting. However, so long as we remain
a smaller reporting company, we will not be required to include an attestation report on internal control over financial reporting issued
by our independent registered public accounting firm. The process to document and evaluate our internal control over financial reporting
to achieve compliance with Section 404 within the prescribed period is both costly and challenging. If we fail to maintain the adequacy
of our internal control over financial reporting as such standards are modified, supplemented or amended from time to time, we may not
be able to ensure that we can conclude on an ongoing basis that we have effective internal control over financial reporting in accordance
with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the related rules and regulations of the SEC. If we cannot in the future favorably
assess the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting, investor confidence in the reliability of our financial reports
may be adversely affected, which could have a material adverse effect on our share price. 

56 

If
the Domestication Merger, taken together with the Merger, fails to qualify as a Section 351(a) Exchange, former U.S. holders of Intec
Israel ordinary shares may recognize taxable gain as a result of the Domestication Merger. 

Intec
Israel intended for the Merger to qualify as a Section 351(a) Exchange. The position of Intec Israel is not binding on the IRS or the
courts, and Intec Israel does not intend to request a ruling from the IRS with respect to the Merger. Accordingly, there can be no assurance
that the IRS will not challenge the qualification of the Domestication Merger and the Merger as a Section 351(a) Exchange or that a court
will not sustain such a challenge. If the IRS were to be successful in any such contention, or if for any other reason the Domestication
Merger was not treated as part of a Section 351(a) Exchange, the Domestication Merger could be a taxable event to the U.S. holders of
Intec Israel Shares. Former holders of Intec Israel Shares are urged to consult with their own tax advisors with respect to the tax consequences
of the Domestication Merger. 

Notwithstanding
that the Domestication Merger and the Merger together are intended to qualify as a Section 351(a) Exchange, the Domestication Merger
could be a taxable event for certain U.S. Holders of Intec Israel ordinary shares. 

Subject
to the limitations and qualifications described in The Merger - Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Domestication
Merger and the Merger , described in the registration statement on Form S-4, as amended (File No. 333-255389), filed by us
with the SEC, or the Form S-4, including the application of the passive foreign investment company, or PFIC rules, the Domestication
Merger is intended to qualify, taken together with the Merger, as a Section 351(a) Exchange. Nonetheless, certain former U.S. Holders
of Intec Israel Shares are likely to be taxed under the PFIC rules of the Code because of the likelihood that Intec Israel is classified
as a PFIC. 

General
Risk Factors 

Unfavorable
global economic conditions could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

Our
results of operations could be adversely affected by general conditions in the global economy and in the global financial markets. For
example, the U.S. and global markets have been experiencing and are continuing to experience extreme volatility and disruptions in the
capital and credit markets and commodity prices due to rising inflation and interest rates, the conflict between Russia and Ukraine and
other macroeconomic factors. A severe or prolonged economic downturn, such as the current macroeconomic environment, could result in
a variety of risks to our business, including, our ability to raise additional capital when needed on acceptable terms, if at all. A
weak or declining economy could also strain our suppliers of raw materials used to manufacture our product candidates for our clinical
trials, possibly resulting in supply disruption. Furthermore, our stock price may decline due in part to the volatility of the stock
market and any general economic downturn. 

57 

Changes
in tax law and regulations could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

New
income, sales, use or other tax laws, statutes, rules, regulations or ordinances could be enacted at any time, which could affect the
tax treatment of any of our future earnings. Further, existing tax laws, statutes, rules, regulations or ordinances could be interpreted,
changed, modified or applied adversely to us. Generally, future changes in applicable tax laws and regulations, or their interpretation
and application, potentially with retroactive effect, could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of
operations. We are unable to predict whether such changes will occur and, if so, the ultimate impact on our business. We urge investors
to consult with their legal and tax advisers regarding the implications of potential changes in tax laws on an investment in our common
stock. 

Item
1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 

We
do not have any unresolved comments issued by the SEC staff. 

Item
2. Properties 

Our
principal executive offices are located at 3 Columbus Circle, 15th Floor, New York, NY. In addition, we lease approximately 2,000 square
feet of office space in San Diego, California under a lease agreement that expires on October 31, 2023. We
believe that our facilities are sufficient to meet our current needs and that suitable additional space will be available as and when
needed. 

Item
3. Legal Proceedings 

From
time to time, we may become involved in various lawsuits and legal proceedings, which arise in the ordinary course of business. Litigation
is subject to inherent uncertainties, and an adverse result in these or other matters may arise from time to time that may harm our business. 

On
July 13, 2022, LTS Lohmann Therapie Systeme AG LTS filed a Request for Arbitration with the International Chamber of
Commerce Request ), naming as respondent the Company s subsidiary, Intec Israel. The Request alleges that LTS is
entitled to payment of Euro 2 million under a process development agreement PDA following discontinuation of the former
Accordion Pill business. Intec Israel had previously accrued this amount along with other related costs. In August 2022, Intec Israel
paid approximately Euro 1 million (approximately 1 million USD) towards the alleged obligation and on February 7, 2023, Intec Israel
settled the dispute with LTS by paying Euro 800,000 (approximately 860,000). 

As
of March 17, 2023, there are no pending material legal proceedings, and we are currently not aware of any legal proceedings or claims
against us or our property that we believe will have any significant effect on our business, financial position or operating results.
None of our officers or directors is a party against us in any legal proceeding. 

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 

Not
applicable. 

58 

PART
II 

Item
5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

Market
Information 

The
ordinary shares of Intec Israel were historically traded on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol NTEC . To effect
the Domestication Merger, the Intec Israel ordinary shares converted into shares of our common stock on a one-for-one basis. On August
4, 2021, following completion of the Merger, shares of our common stock were listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the name Indaptus
Therapeutics, Inc. and ticker symbol INDP . 

Holders 

As
of March 17, 2023, we had 7 record holders of our common stock. This number does not include the number of persons whose shares are
in nominee or in street name accounts through brokers. 

Dividend
Policy 

We
have never declared or paid cash dividends to our shareholders, and we do not intend to pay cash dividends in the foreseeable future.
We intend to reinvest any earnings in developing and expanding our business. Any future determination relating to our dividend policy
will be at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend on a number of factors, including our financial condition, operating
results, contractual restrictions, capital requirements, business prospects, our strategic goals and plans to expand our business, applicable
law and other factors that our board of directors may deem relevant. 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 

Information
about our equity compensation plan under which the Company s equity securities are authorized for issuance is set forth in Part
III - Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters of this Annual Report. 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 

We
did not have any sales of unregistered securities during the year ended December 31, 2022 other than the sale of shares of our common
stock to Lincoln Park Capital Fund, LLC which was previously disclosed in our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December
23, 2022. 

Purchases
of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 

We
did not repurchase any of our equity securities during the quarter ended December 31, 2022. 

Item
6. [Reserved] 

Item
7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

You
should read the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations along with our consolidated financial
statements and the related notes and other financial information included elsewhere in this Annual Report. The following discussion contains
forward-looking statements that are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions. You should review the sections titled Summary
Risk Factors and Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors in this Annual Report for a discussion of important factors that could cause
actual results to differ materially from the results described below. 

59 

Overview 

We
are a clinical biotechnology company developing a novel and patented systemically-administered anti-cancer and anti-viral immunotherapy.
We have evolved from more than a century of immunotherapy advances. Our approach is based on the hypothesis that efficient activation
of both innate and adaptive immune cells and associated anti-tumor and anti-viral immune responses will require a multi-targeted package
of immune system activating signals that can be administered safely intravenously. Our patented technology is composed of single strains
of attenuated and killed, non-pathogenic, Gram-negative bacteria, designed to have reduced i.v. toxicity, but largely uncompromised ability
to prime or activate many of the cellular components of innate and adaptive immunity. This approach has led to broad anti-tumor and anti-viral
activity in preclinical models, including durable anti-tumor response synergy observed with each of five different classes of existing
agents, including checkpoint therapy, targeted antibody therapy and low-dose chemotherapy. Tumor eradication by our technology has demonstrated
activation of both innate and adaptive immunological memory and, importantly, did not require provision of or targeting a tumor antigen
in pre-clinical models. We have carried out successful current cGMP manufacturing of our lead clinical candidate, Decoy20, and completed
other IND-enabling studies. For further information regarding our business and operations, see Part I. Item 1. Business. 

Impact
of the COVID-19 Pandemic and Macroeconomic Conditions on our Operations 

The
COVID-19 pandemic continues to affect the United States and global economies and may affect our operations and those of third parties
on which we rely, including by causing disruptions in the supply of our product candidates and the conduct of current and future clinical
trials. For example, the pandemic has caused our GMP process to take longer than expected. In addition, the COVID-19 pandemic may continue
to affect the operations of the FDA and other health authorities, which could result in delays of reviews and approvals, including with
respect to our product candidates. Additionally, related economic developments such as supply chain constraints and rising inflation
and interest rates have negatively affected the global financial markets and may reduce our ability to access capital, which could negatively
impact our short-term and long-term liquidity. The ultimate impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and economic downturn is highly uncertain
and subject to change. While it is unknown how long these conditions will last and what the complete financial effect will be to us,
capital raise efforts and additional development of our technologies may be negatively affected. 

Decoy
Merger 

On
August 3, 2021, we completed our merger with Decoy (the Merger following the satisfaction or waiver of the conditions
set forth in the Merger Agreement, dated as of March 15, 2021 among the Company, Decoy, Intec Israel, Domestication Merger Sub Ltd.,
an Israeli company and a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, or Domestication Merger Sub, and Dillon Merger Subsidiary Inc., a Delaware
corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, or Merger Sub, pursuant to which Merger Sub merged with and into Decoy, with
Decoy surviving as a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, and the business conducted by Decoy became the business conducted by the
combined company. 

On
July 27, 2021, we, Intec Israel and Domestication Merger Sub completed the previously announced domestication merger pursuant to the
terms and conditions of the Domestication Merger Agreement, whereby Domestication Merger Sub merged with and into Intec Israel, with
Intec Israel being the surviving entity and a wholly-owned subsidiary of ours. At the time of the Domestication Merger, Intec Israel
continued to possess all of its assets, rights, powers and property as constituted immediately prior to the Domestication Merger and
continued to be subject to all of its debts, liabilities and obligations as constituted immediately prior to the Domestication Merger. 

Also,
in connection with the Merger, we changed our name from Intec Parent, Inc. to Indaptus Therapeutics, Inc. . 

Following
completion of the Merger, our shares of common stock commenced trading on August 4, 2021 on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the name
 Indaptus Therapeutics, Inc. and ticker symbol INDP. 

60 

Recent
Events 

Lincoln
Park Committed Equity Facility 

On
December 22, 2022, we entered into a purchase agreement with Lincoln Park Capital Fund, LLC Lincoln Park ), pursuant to
which we have the right, but not the obligation, to sell to Lincoln Park, and Lincoln Park is obligated to purchase from us up to an
aggregate of 20.0 million of our common stock (subject to certain limitations) from time to time over the term of the purchase agreement.
We also filed a registration statement on Form S-1 to cover the resale of shares of our common stock issuable under the purchase agreement. 

Upon
execution of the purchase agreement, we issued to Lincoln Park 142,450 initial commitment shares and are obligated to issue additional
shares of common stock to Lincoln Park with a value of 125,000, calculated in accordance with the purchase agreement, on the date we
have sold over 10.0 million shares of common stock under the purchase agreement, up to a maximum of 76,220 shares of common stock (to
be appropriately adjusted for any reorganization, recapitalization, non-cash dividend, stock split, reverse stock split or other similar
transaction), in each case as consideration for Lincoln Park s irrevocable commitment to purchase shares of our common stock at
our direction under the purchase agreement. Additionally, we have reserved up to 3,781,330 shares of our common stock for issuance and
sale to Lincoln Park under the purchase agreement from time to time, if and when we determine to sell additional shares to Lincoln. 

Components
of Operating Results 

Research
and Development Expenses 

Research
and development expenses account for a significant portion of our operating expenses. Research and development expenses consist primarily
of fees paid to contract research organizations, or CROs, and contract manufacturing organizations, or CMOs, as well as compensation
expenses for certain employees involved in the planning, managing, and analyzing the work of the CROs and CMOs and materials used for
research and development activities. We expense research and development costs as incurred. 

We
accrue an expense for manufacturing, preclinical studies and clinical trial activities performed by third parties based on estimates
of services received and efforts expenses pursuant to agreements with CROs, CMOs, and other outside service providers. We determine these
estimates based on contracted amounts applied to the proportion of work performed and determined through analysis with internal personnel
and external service providers as to the progress or stage of completion of the services. In the event advance payments are made to a
CRO, CMO, or outside service provider, we record the payments as a prepaid asset, which will be amortized or expensed as the contracted
services are performed. However, actual costs and timing of these activities are highly uncertain, subject to risks and may change depending
upon a number of factors, including our clinical development plan. 

We
expect our research and development expenses to increase substantially for the foreseeable future as we continue to ramp up our clinical
development activities and incur expenses associated with hiring additional personnel to support our research and development efforts.
Our expenditures on future nonclinical and clinical development programs are subject to numerous uncertainties in timing and cost to
completion. The duration, costs and timing of pre-clinical studies and clinical trials and development of product candidates will depend
on a variety of factors, including: 

the
 timing and receipt of regulatory approvals 

the
 scope, rate of progress and expenses of pre-clinical studies and clinical trials and other
 research and development activities 

potential
 safety monitoring and other studies requested by regulatory agencies and 

significant
 and changing government regulation. 

The
process of conducting the necessary clinical research to obtain FDA and other regulatory approval is costly and time consuming and the
successful development of product candidates is highly uncertain. These risks and uncertainties associated with our research and development
projects are discussed more fully in Part I. Item 1A. Risk Factors - We expect to continue to incur significant research and
development expenses and other operating expenses, which may make it difficult for us to attain profitability . As a result
of these risks and uncertainties, we are unable to determine with any degree of certainty the duration and completion costs of our research
and development projects, or if, when, or to what extent we will generate revenues from the commercialization and sale of any of our
product candidates that obtain regulatory approval. We may never succeed in achieving regulatory approval for any of our product candidates. 

61 

General
and Administrative Expenses 

General
and administrative expenses include compensation, employee benefits, and stock-based compensation for executive management, finance administration
and human resources, facility costs (including rent), professional service fees, and other general overhead costs, including depreciation,
to support our operations. 

We
expect our general and administrative expenses to increase substantially for the foreseeable future as we continue to increase our headcount
to support our research and development activities and operations generally, the growth of our business and, if any of our product candidates
receive marketing approval, commercialization activities. We also expect to continue to incur additional expenses as a result of operating
as a public company, including expenses related to compliance with the rules and regulations of the SEC, additional director and officer
insurance expenses, investor relations activities, and other administrative and professional services. 

Other
Income, Net 

Other
income, net includes interest earned on deposits and other items of income, expense, gain and loss that are incidental to the core operations
of the Company. For 2022, other income includes a gain on settlement of a prior year contract obligation. 

Results
of Operations 

Year
Ended December 31, 2022 compared to Year Ended December 31, 2021 

The
following tables set forth our results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 and the relative dollar and percentage
change between the two years. 

Year ended December 31, 
 Change (2022 to 2021) 

2022 
 2021 
 ) 

Operating expenses: 

Research and development 
 6,324,657 
 2,523,153 
 3,801,504 
 150 
 
 General and administrative 
 8,586,249 
 5,205,955 
 3,380,294 
 65 
 
 Total operating expenses 
 14,910,906 
 7,729,108 
 7,181,798 
 93 
 
 Loss from operations 
 (14,910,906 
 (7,729,108 
 (7,181,798 
 93 
 
 Other income, net 
 588,108 
 17,722 
 570,386 
 3,218 
 
 Net loss 
 (14,322,798 
 (7,711,386 
 (6,611,412 
 86 
 
 Net loss attributable to common stockholders per share, basic and diluted 
 (1.73 
 (1.89 
 0.16 
 (8.5 
 
 Weighted average number of shares used in calculating net loss per share, basic and diluted 
 8,262,119 
 4,090,599 

Research
and Development Expenses 

Our
research and development expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 amounted to approximately 6.3 million, an increase of approximately
 3.8 million, or approximately 150 , compared to approximately 2.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. This
increase was attributable primarily to (i) an increase of approximately 1.5 million for payroll and related expenses including approximately
 350,000 of stock-based compensation, and (ii) an increase of approximately 2.2 million for our Phase 1 clinical trial including the
IND preparation and submission, and costs associated with the manufacturing processes of our lead clinical candidate. 

62 

General
and Administrative Expenses 

Our
general and administrative expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 amounted to approximately 8.6 million, an increase of approximately
 3.4 million, or approximately 65 , compared to approximately 5.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. T his
increase was attributable primarily to (i) an increase of approximately 1.8 million for payroll and related expenses, including approximately
 1.1 million of stock-based compensation, resulting from increased headcount of our executive team following the Merger and (ii) an increase
of approximately 1.3 million in directors and officers insurance expenses, professional fees and other expenses associated with
being a public company following the Merger . 

Other
Income 

Other
income, net, increased in 2022 compared to the same period in 2021 primarily as a result of the reversal
of a portion of the LTS accrual for approximately 365,000 which resulted from our
settlement of this obligation in February 2023, proceeds received in excess of the estimated fair value of assets held for sale, interest
earned on deposits and realized gain on marketable securities. 

Liquidity
and Resources 

We
do not currently have any approved products and have never generated any revenue from product sales. Since
our inception, we have funded our operations primarily through public and private offerings of our equity securities. 

In
August 2021, we sold a pre-funded warrant to purchase 2,727,273 shares of our common stock and a warrant to purchase 2,727,273
shares of our common stock in a private placement. The warrant was exercisable at an exercise price of 11.00 per share. In
September 2021, the pre-funded warrant was fully exercised at an exercise price of 0.01 per share. The pre-funded warrant and the
warrant were sold together at a combined price of 11.00, including the pre-funded exercise price. The total net proceeds to us were
approximately 27.3 million, after deducting placement agent fees and offering expenses in the amount of approximately 2.7 million.
For additional information about pre-funded warrants and warrants, see Note 7 in the notes to the consolidated financial statements
included in this Annual Report. 

In
June 2022, we entered into an At The Market Offering Agreement (the ATM Agreement which was amended on September 1, 2022
with H.C. Wainwright Co., LLC, as sales agent Wainwright ), pursuant to which we may offer and sell, from time to
time through Wainwright, shares of our common stock, par value 0.01 per share, for aggregate gross proceeds of up to 6.3 million. The
issuance and sale of common stock by us under the ATM Agreement is being made pursuant to
our effective shelf registration statement on Form S-3 filed with the SEC on September 1, 2022 and declared effective on
September 9, 2022. No shares of common stock have been sold under the ATM Agreement . 

In
December 2022, we entered into a purchase agreement and a registration rights agreement with Lincoln Park pursuant to which Lincoln Park
has committed to purchase up to 20.0 million of our common stock. See Recent Events Lincoln Park Committed Equity
Facility. No shares of common stock have been sold under the program. 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had cash and cash equivalents and marketable securities of approximately
 26.4 million. We have no ongoing material financing commitments, such as lines of credit or guarantees,
that are expected to affect our liquidity over the next five years. 

Cash
Flows 

Operating
Activities 

Net
cash used in operating activities was approximately 13.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared with net cash used in
operating activities of approximately 11.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The 1.8
million increase in net cash used was primarily attributable to an increase in our spending related to research and development activities
in connection with the Phase 1 clinical trial and an increase in general and administrative expenses associated
with being a public company following the Merger . 

63 

Investing
Activities 

Net
cash used in investing activities was approximately 16.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 which was primarily related to
net investment in marketable securities in the amount of approximately
 16.6 million, offset by approximately 0.2 million from the proceeds received for assets
held for sale . Net cash provided by investing activities was approximately 0.5 million for the
year ended December 31, 2021 which was primarily related to approximately 0.5 million from the proceeds received for assets held
for sale. 

Financing
Activities 

There
was no net cash provided by financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022. Net cash provided by financing activities was
approximately 48.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 which was primarily due to the Merger and the private placement that
closed in August 2021 as well as a series of Decoy SAFEs (Simple Agreements for Future Equity) that we issued to accredited investors
at the effective time of the Merger. 

Funding
Requirements 

Our
operating expenses increased substantially in 2022 and are expected to continue to increase in the future in connection with our ongoing
activities, particularly as w e expect our research and
development expenses to increase substantially as we continue to ramp up our clinical development activities and incur expenses associated
with hiring additional personnel to support our research and development efforts . In addition,
if we obtain marketing approval for any of our product candidates, we expect to incur significant commercialization expenses related
to product sales, marketing, manufacturing and distribution. Furthermore, we expect to continue to incur significant costs associated
with operating as a public company. 

We
believe that our existing cash and cash equivalents and marketable securities as of December 31, 2022, combined with our ability to sell
equity securities under the Lincoln Park Committed Equity Facility, are adequate to fund our ongoing activities into the second quarter of 2024. 

Our
future capital requirements will depend on many factors, including, but not limited to: 

the
 scope, progress, results and costs of preclinical studies and clinical trials 

the
 scope, prioritization and number of our clinical trials and other research and development
 programs 

the
 amount of revenues we receive under future licensing, collaboration, development and commercialization
 arrangements with respect to our product candidates 

the
 impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business and operations 

the
 costs of the development and expansion of our operational infrastructure 

the
 costs, timing and outcome of regulatory review of our product candidates 

the
 ability of us, or our collaborators, to achieve development milestones, marketing approval
 and other events or developments under our potential future licensing agreements 

the
 costs of filing, prosecuting, enforcing and defending patent claims and other intellectual
 property rights 

the
 costs and timing of securing manufacturing arrangements for clinical or commercial production 

64 

the
 costs of contracting with third parties to provide sales and marketing capabilities for us
 or establishing such capabilities ourselves 

the
 costs of acquiring or undertaking development and commercialization efforts for any future
 products, product candidates or technology 

the
 magnitude of our general and administrative expenses and 

any
 cost that we may incur under future in- and out-licensing arrangements relating to one or
 more of our product candidates. 

Identifying
potential product candidates and conducting preclinical studies and clinical trials is a time-consuming, expensive and uncertain process
that takes many years to complete, and we may never generate the necessary data or results required to obtain marketing approval and
achieve product sales. In addition, our product candidates, if approved, may not achieve commercial success. Our commercial revenues,
if any, will be derived from sales of product candidates that we do not expect to be commercially available for the next couple of years,
if at all. Accordingly, we will need to continue to rely on additional financing to achieve our business objectives. Adequate additional
financing may not be available to us on acceptable terms, or at all. For example, the trading prices for our and other biopharmaceutical
companies stock have been highly volatile as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. As a result, we may face difficulties raising
capital through sales of our common stock on acceptable terms, if at all. See Risk Factors in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual
Report. If we are unable to raise capital when needed or on attractive terms, we may be required to delay or reduce the scope of or eliminate
our research or development programs and other operations or future commercialization efforts and make necessary change to our operations
to reduce the level of our expenditures in line with available resources. 

Contractual
Obligations 

Operating
lease payments represent our commitment for future rent made under non-cancelable lease for our offices in San Diego, CA. The total future
payments for our operating lease obligation at December 31, 2022 were approximately 82,000 and are due in the next twelve months. For
additional details regarding our lease, see Note 8 to our consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

We
did not have during the periods presented, and we do not currently have, any off-balance sheet arrangements, as defined under the SEC
rules. 

Critical
Accounting Policies 

This
discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based on our consolidated financial statements, which
have been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. The preparation of these consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates
that affect the reported amounts of our assets, liabilities and expenses. Significant accounting policies employed by us, including the
use of estimates, are presented in the notes to our annual financial statements included in this Annual Report. We periodically evaluate
our estimates, which are based on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances.
Critical accounting policies are those that are most important to the portrayal of our financial condition and results of operations
and require our subjective or complex judgments, resulting in the need to make estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently
uncertain. If actual performance should differ from historical experience or if the underlying assumptions were to change, our financial
condition and results of operations may be materially impacted. 

65 

We
believe that the following accounting policies are those most critical to the judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our
consolidated financial statements: 

Accounting
for Research and Development Costs 

We
record the costs associated with services provided by CROs and CMOs as they are incurred. Though the scope and timing of work are generally
based on signed agreements, some judgement is involved in determining periodic expenses because payment flows do not always match the
periods over which services and materials are provided to us. As a result, our management is required to make estimates of services received
and efforts expended pursuant to agreements established with these third-parties at each period-end date. During the year ended December
31, 2022, we incurred approximately 6.3 million of research and development expenses, of which approximately 3.7 million were for services
provided by our CROs and CMOs. As of December 31, 2022, we recorded an accrued liability of approximately 0.3 million for expenses incurred,
but not yet invoiced, and prepaid expenses and non-current other assets of approximately 0.8 million for payments made that relate to
future periods. Overestimating or underestimating the services received or efforts expended could cause us to overstate or understate
research and development expenses incurred within a reporting period, and related accrued and prepaid expenses. 

Stock-Based
Compensation 

Compensation
expense related to stock options granted is measured at the grant date based on the estimated fair value of the award and is recognized
over the requisite service period of the individual grant, generally equal to the vesting period, on a straight-line basis. We determine
the estimated fair value of each stock option on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes valuation model which uses assumptions regarding
a number of complex and subjective variables. The risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury yield for a period consistent
with the expected term of the option in effect at the time of the grant. Expected volatility is based on an analysis of the historical
volatility of a peer group of companies. The expected term represents the period that we expect our stock options to be outstanding.
The expected term assumption is estimated using the simplified method set forth in the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission s
Staff Accounting Bulletin 110, which is the mid-point between the option vesting date and the expiration date. We have never declared
or paid dividends on our common stock and have no plans to do so in the foreseeable future. Changes in these assumptions may lead to
variability with respect to the amount of stock compensation expense we recognize related to stock options. 

Recently
Issued Accounting Pronouncements 

Certain
recently issued accounting pronouncements are discussed in Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, to the consolidated financial
statements included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report. 

Item
7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 

We
are a smaller reporting company as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information otherwise
required under this Item 7A. 

66 

Item
8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

INDAPTUS
THERAPEUTICS, INC. 

 2022
ANNUAL REPORT 

INDAPTUS THERAPEUTICS, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM (PCAOB name: HASKELL WHITE LLP and PCAOB ID: 
 
 F-2 
 
 CONSOLIDATED
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS : 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-3 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-4 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-5 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-6 
 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 F-7 

F- 1 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Stockholders and Board of Directors 

 Indaptus Therapeutics, Inc. 

Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance
sheets of Indaptus Therapeutics, Inc. (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements
of operations and comprehensive loss, stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the years then ended, and the related notes
(collectively, the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly,
in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the consolidated results
of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years then ended, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 

Basis for Opinion 

These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements based on our audits.
We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and
are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules
and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards
of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated
financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we
engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures
that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the
consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide
a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matters 

Critical audit matters are matters arising from the
current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee
and that (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially
challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. We determined that there are no critical audit matters. 

/s/

HASKELL
 WHITE LLP 

We have served as the Company s auditor since
2021. 

March 16, 2023 

F- 2 

INDAPTUS
THERAPEUTICS, INC. 

Consolidated
Balance Sheets 

2022 
 2021 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Assets 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Marketable securities 
 
 - 
 
 Assets held for sale 
 - 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Non-current assets: 

Property and equipment, net 

Right-of-use asset 

Other assets 

Total non-current assets 

Total assets 

Liabilities and stockholders equity 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable and other current liabilities 

Operating lease liability, current portion 

Total current liabilities 

Non-current liabilities: 

Operating lease liability, net of current portion 
 - 

Total non-current liabilities 
 - 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies (Note 8) 
 - 
 - 

Stockholders equity: 

Common stock: par value, shares authorized as of December 31, 2022 and 2021; and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Additional paid in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Accumulated other comprehensive income 
 
 - 

Total stockholders equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

See
accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements 

F- 3 

INDAPTUS
THERAPEUTICS, INC. 

Consolidated
Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss 

2022 
 2021 

For the year ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Operating expenses: 

Research and development 

General and administrative 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other income, net 

Net loss 

Net loss available to common stockholders per share of common stock, basic and diluted 

Weighted average number of shares used in calculating net loss per share, basic and diluted 

Net loss 

Other comprehensive income: 

Reclassification adjustment for realized gain on marketable securities included in net loss 
 
 - 
 
 Unrealized gain on marketable securities 
 
 - 
 
 Comprehensive loss 

See
accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements 

F- 4 

INDAPTUS
THERAPEUTICS, INC. 

Consolidated
Statements of Stockholders Equity 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 capital 
 deficit 
 Income (Loss) 
 Total 

Series Seed Preferred 
 Common stock 
 Additional paid in 
 Accumulated 
 Other Comprehensive 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 capital 
 deficit 
 Income (Loss) 
 Total 

Balance, January 1, 2021 

- 

Stock-based compensation 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Conversion of preferred stock 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Conversion of SAFEs 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Issuance of common stock upon merger, net of Decoy s transaction costs in the amount of 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Issuance of pre-funded warrants and warrants, net of issuance costs in the amount of 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Exercise of pre-funded warrants 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 

Exercise of stock options 
 - 
 - 

- 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Balance December 31, 2021 
 - 
 - 

- 

Stock-based compensation 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Issuance of initial commitment shares 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 
 
 Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Reclassification adjustment for realized gain on marketable securities included in net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Change in unrealized gain on marketable securities 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance December 31, 2022 
 - 
 - 

See
accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements 

F- 5 

INDAPTUS
THERAPEUTICS, INC. 

Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows 

2022 
 2021 

For the year ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation 

Stock-based compensation 

Realized gain on assets held for sale 
 
 - 
 
 Realized gain on marketable securities 
 
 - 
 
 Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Accounts payable and other current liabilities 

Other assets 

Operating lease right-of-use asset and liability, net 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Proceeds received for assets held for sale 

Purchases of property and equipment 
 - 

Purchase of marketable securities 
 
 - 
 
 Maturity of marketable securities 
 
 - 
 
 Net cash (used in) provided by investing
 activities 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Proceeds from merger 
 - 

Decoy s transaction costs 
 - 

Issuance of pre-funded warrants and warrants 
 - 

Issuance costs of Private Placement 
 - 

Exercise of pre-funded warrants 
 - 

Proceeds from SAFEs, net 
 - 

Exercise of stock options 
 - 

Net cash provided by financing activities 
 - 

Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of year 

Noncash investing and financing activities 

Conversion of preferred stock 
 - 

Conversion of SAFEs 
 - 

Liabilities assumed, net of non-cash assets received in reverse merger 
 - 

Initial recognition of operating right-of-use asset and lease liability upon lease commencement 
 - 

Reclass from non-current assets to current assets 
 - 

Release of deposit upon closing of merger 
 - 

Issuance of initial commitment shares 
 
 - 
 
 Change in unrealized gain on marketable securities 
 
 - 

Supplemental cash flow disclosures 

Cash paid for income taxes 

Cash received for interest earned on deposits 

See
accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements 

F- 6 

INDAPTUS
THERAPEUTICS, INC. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

million, after deducting the placement
agent s fees and other estimated offering expenses payable by Indaptus in the amount of approximately million. In September
2021, the pre-funded warrant was fully exercised. Each warrant is exercisable at an exercise price of per share and has a term
of five and one-half years from the date of issuance. In addition, in connection with the Private Placement, Indaptus issued to the placement
agent a warrant to purchase shares of Indaptus common stock at an exercise price of . 

Risks
and uncertainties 

The
Company is subject to a number of risks similar to those of other companies of similar size in its industry, including, but not limited
to, the need for successful development of products, the need for additional capital or financing to fund operating losses (see below),
competition from substitute products and services from larger companies, protection of proprietary technology, patent litigation, and
dependence on key individuals. 

The
COVID-19 pandemic continues to affect the United States and global economies and may affect the Company s operations and those
of third parties on which the Company relies, including by causing disruptions in the supply of its product candidates and the
conduct of current and future clinical trials. For example, the pandemic has caused its GMP process to take longer than expected. In
addition, the COVID-19 pandemic may continue to affect the operations of the FDA and other health authorities, which could result in
delays of reviews and approvals, including with respect to the Company s product candidates. Additionally, related economic
developments such as supply chain constraints and rising inflation and interest rates have negatively affected the global financial
markets and may reduce the Company s ability to access capital, which could negatively impact its short-term and long-term
liquidity. The ultimate impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and economic downturn is highly uncertain and subject to change. While it is
unknown how long these conditions will last and what the complete financial effect will be to the Company, capital raise efforts and
additional development of its technologies may be negatively affected. 

Going
concern and management s plans 

The
Company has incurred net losses and utilized cash in operations since inception, has an accumulated deficit as of December 31, 2022
of approximately 
million, and expects to incur future additional losses as clinical testing and commercialization of the Company s product
candidates will require significant additional financing. The Company believes it has adequate cash and cash equivalents and
marketable securities to fund its operations for at least one year after the date of issuance of these consolidated financial
statements. 

Management
plans to raise additional capital through equity and/or debt financings, or other capital sources, including potential collaborations,
licenses, and other similar arrangements. However, these plans are not entirely within its control and cannot be assessed as being probable
of occurring. The Company s ability to raise additional capital may be adversely impacted by potential worsening of global economic
conditions and the recent disruptions to, and volatility in, financial markets in the United States and worldwide resulting from the
conflict between Russia and Ukraine and the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic. If the Company is unable to raise capital when needed or on attractive
terms, it would be forced to delay, reduce, or eliminate its research and development programs or other operations. If any of these events
occur, the Company s ability to achieve the development and commercialization goals would be adversely affected. 

These
consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern and do not include any
adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Warrants 

, net of commissions and disposition costs. As of the date
of issuance of these consolidated financial statements, the Company received approximately . 

for employee-related computers and
other office equipment and for furniture. Leasehold improvements are amortized over the shorter of the lease-term or the estimated
useful life of the related asset. 

The
Company accrues for expenses resulting from obligations under agreements with contract research organizations CROs ), contract
manufacturing organizations CMOs ), and other outside service providers for which payment flows do not match the periods
over which services or materials are provided to the Company. Accruals are recorded based on estimates of services received and efforts
expended pursuant to agreements with CROs, CMOs, and other outside service providers. These estimates are typically based on contracted
amounts applied to the proportion of work performed and determined through analysis with internal personnel and external service providers
as to the progress or stage of completion of the services. In the event advance payments are made to a CRO, CMO, or outside service provider,
the payments will be recorded as a prepaid asset, which will be amortized or expensed as the contracted services are performed. 

Dividend
Yield The Company has not declared or paid dividends to date and does not anticipate declaring dividends. As such, the dividend
yield has been estimated to be zero. 

The
Company has elected to recognize forfeitures as they occur. 

- 
 
 - 
 
 Total 
 
 - 
 
 - 

. As of December 31, 2021, the Company had no marketable
securities. 

The
unrealized gains for the year ended December 31, 2022 amounted to . 

Prepaid research and development 

Other receivables 
 - 

Other prepaid expenses 

Total prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Accrued employee costs 

Accrued professional fees 

Accrued research and development 

Accrued board fees 

Delaware franchise taxes payable 

Other accrued expenses 

Total accounts payable and other current liabilities 

shares
(the Pool provided, however that 
shares and 
shares, respectively. In no event shall more than 1,864,963 shares be available for issuance for Incentive Stock Options (as defined
in the 2021 Plan) under the 2021 Plan . 

The
2021 Plan provides for the grant of non-qualified stock options, incentive stock options, restricted stock awards, restricted stock units,
unrestricted stock awards, stock appreciation rights and other forms of stock-based compensation. The 2021 Plan permits the Company s
board to change the type, terms and conditions of awards as circumstances may change. This flexibility to adjust the type of compensation
to be granted is particularly important given current economic and world events. 

Granted 

- 
 - 
 
 Forfeited and cancelled 

- 
 - 
 
 Outstanding as of December 31, 2022 

- 
 
 Exercisable as of December 31, 2022 

- 
 
 Vested and expected to vest as of December 31, 2022 

- 

The
following table summarizes the total stock-based compensation expense included in the consolidated statements of operations for the periods
presented: 

General and administrative 

Total stock-based compensation expense 

As
of December 31, 2022, total compensation cost not yet recognized related to unvested stock options was approximately million, which
is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 

The
Company estimates the fair value of stock options on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. The Black-Scholes
option-pricing model requires estimates of highly subjective assumptions, which affect the fair value of each stock option. The weighted
average inputs used to measure the value of the options granted during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 are presented in the
table below. The weighted average fair value of stock options issued during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and
 per share, respectively. 

Exercise price 

Expected term (in years) 

Volatility 

Risk free rate 

Dividend yield 

The
following table presents the exercise price of outstanding stock options as of December 31, 2022: 

 - 

- 

or higher 

Total 

and shares of common stock of the
 Company, respectively. 

b. Pre-funded
 Warrants and Warrants: 

1. Immediately
 after the Merger, all of Intec Israel s warrants were converted into warrants to purchase 
 shares of common stock of Indaptus (as further described below). 
 
 2. On
 July 23, 2021, Indaptus entered into a Purchase Agreement with a certain institutional investor, pursuant to which Indaptus agreed
 to sell and issue, in a Private Placement, pre-funded warrants (each, a Pre-Funded Warrant and collectively,
 Pre-Funded Warrants to purchase 
 shares of common stock and warrants to purchase 
 shares of common stock at a purchase price of 
 per Pre-Funded Warrant and associated warrant. Each Pre-Funded Warrant was exercisable at an exercise price of 
 per share. The Pre-Funded Warrants were exercisable immediately and at any time until all of the Pre-Funded Warrants are exercised
 in full. Each warrant is exercisable at an exercise price of 
 per share and has a term of five and one-half years from the date of issuance. The Company concluded that the Pre-Funded Warrants
 and warrants are classified as equity, since they meet all criteria for equity classification. The total net proceeds was
 approximately 
 million, after deducting the placement agent s fees and other offering expenses payable by Indaptus in the amount of
 approximately 
 million. On August 3, 2021, the Private Placement closed and in September 2021, the Pre-Funded Warrant was fully exercised at an
 exercise price of per share .
 In addition, in connection with the Private Placement, Indaptus issued to the placement agent a warrant to purchase 
 shares of Indaptus common stock at an exercise price of .
 The fair value of a warrant to purchase one share of Indaptus common stock that was issued to the placement agent was . 

As
of December 31, 2022, there were warrants outstanding with weighted average exercise price of and weighted average remaining
contractual life of years. 

c. On
 June 1, 2022, the Company entered into an At The Market Offering Agreement (the ATM
 Agreement which was amended on September 1, 2022 with H.C. Wainwright Co.,
 LLC, as sales agent Wainwright ), pursuant to which the Company may offer and
 sell, from time to time through Wainwright, shares of the Company s common stock, par
 value per share, for aggregate gross proceeds of up to million. The
 issuance and sale of common stock by the Company under the ATM
 Agreement is being made pursuant to the Company s effective shelf 
 registration statement on Form S-3 filed with the SEC on September 1, 2022 and declared effective
 on September 9, 2022. The Company s effective shelf registration statement
 on Form S-3 is under General Instruction I.B.6 to Form S-3, or the Baby Shelf Rule. 

d. On
 December, 22, 2022, the Company entered into a purchase agreement (the Purchase Agreement with Lincoln Park Capital
 Fund, LLC Lincoln Park ), which provides that, upon the terms and subject to the conditions and limitations in the
 Purchase Agreement, Lincoln Park is committed to purchase up to an aggregate of 
 million of the Company s shares of common stock over a 36-month period (unless extended to a 48-month period pursuant to the
 Purchase Agreement). The Company will control the timing and amount of sales of the Company s shares to Lincoln Park. As
 consideration for Lincoln Park s irrevocable commitment to purchase shares of the Company s common stock upon the terms
 of and subject to satisfaction of the conditions set forth in the Purchase Agreement, upon execution of the Purchase Agreement, the
 Company 
 shares of common stock, as the initial commitment shares, and (ii) will issue additional commitment shares, of common stock equal to
 
 divided by the arithmetic average of the ten (10) Nasdaq Official Closing Prices (as defined in the Purchase Agreement) for the
 common stock immediately preceding the date that the Company has sold over 
 of shares to Lincoln Park, (to be appropriately adjusted for any reorganization, recapitalization, non-cash dividend, stock split,
 reverse stock split or other similar transaction) provided that the additional commitment shares number shall be no greater than .
 On December 23, 2022, the Company filed a Form S-1 covering the resale of up to 
 shares of common stock comprised of (i) 
 initial commitment shares, (ii) up to a maximum of 
 additional commitment shares, and (iii) up to 
 shares of common stock reserved for issuance and sale to Lincoln Park under the Purchase Agreement. The Form S-1 was declared
 effective on December 30, 2022. 

million under a process development agreement PDA following discontinuation of the former Accordion Pill business. Intec Israel had previously accrued this amount
along with other related costs. In 2022, Intec Israel paid approximately Euro 
 million (approximately 
 million USD) towards the alleged obligation . 

On February 7, 2023,
Intec Israel settled the dispute with LTS by paying Euro 
(approximately ).
As the settlement agreement was finalized after December 31, 2022, the consolidated financial statements for the current year
reflect the adjustment resulting from the settlement. The settlement agreement resulted in a reversal of a portion of the accrual
for approximately Euro 
(approximately ),
which was previously recorded as accrued payable. As a result, the Company also recognized other income of approximately Euro 
(approximately in the current year. 

From
time to time, the Company could become involved in additional disputes and various litigation matters that arise in the normal course
of business. These may include disputes and lawsuits related to intellectual property, licensing, contract law and employee relations
matters. Periodically, the Company reviews the status of significant matters, if any exist, and assesses its potential financial exposure.
If the potential loss from any claim or legal claim is considered probable and the amount can be estimated, the Company accrues a liability
for the estimated loss. Legal proceedings are subject to uncertainties, and the outcomes are difficult to predict. Because of such uncertainties,
accruals are based on the best information available at the time. As additional information becomes available, the Company reassesses
the potential liability related to pending claims and litigation. 

Leases 

On
October 1, 2021, the Company entered into a noncancelable two-year operating lease agreement for approximately square feet of office
space in San Diego, California. The base rent is per month with an increase of after the first anniversary of the lease term
commencement, which was November 1, 2021. The lease liability is measured at a discount rate of . 

Less: amount representing interest 

Present value of operating lease liability 

Less: current portion 

Operating lease liability, net of current portion 
 - 

The
Company recognized rent expense of and during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Total cash payments
for the operating lease totaled and during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

State taxes, net of federal benefit 

Non-deductible items 
 
 - 
 
 Change in deferred tax asset valuation allowance 

Stock-based compensation 

Return-to-provision adjustments 
 
 - 
 
 Other 

Income tax expense 

Deferred
income taxes reflect the net tax effects of (a) temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial
reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes, and (b) operating losses and tax credit carryforwards. 

Stock options 

Property and equipment 

Capitalized R D 

Operating lease liabilities 

Net operating loss carryforwards 

Total gross deferred tax assets 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Right-of-use asset 

Gross deferred tax liabilities 

Less: Deferred tax asset valuation allowance 

Total net deferred tax assets 
 - 
 - 

Deferred
income tax assets and liabilities are recorded for differences between the financial statement and tax basis of the assets and liabilities
that will result in taxable or deductible amounts in the future based on enacted laws and rates applicable to the periods in which the
differences are expected to affect taxable income. Valuation allowances are established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets
to the amount expected to be realized. 

Beginning
in 2022, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 (TCJA) eliminated the option to deduct research and development expenditures in the current
year and requires taxpayers to amortize them over five or fifteen years pursuant to IRC Section 174. During 2022, the Company capitalized
approximately million of research and development expenditures. 

ASC
740 requires that the tax benefit of net operating losses, temporary differences and credit carryforwards be recorded as an asset to
the extent that management assesses that realization is more likely than not. Realization of the future tax benefits is
dependent on the Company s ability to generate sufficient taxable income within the carryforward period. Because of the Company s
recent history of operating losses, management believes that recognition of the deferred tax assets arising from the above-mentioned
future tax benefits is currently not likely to be realized and, accordingly, has provided a full valuation allowance for the years ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021. The net change in total valuation allowance for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was a decrease
of million and increase of million respectively. 

On December
31, 2022, the Company has United States federal and state net operating loss (NOL) carryforwards of million
and million,
respectively. The federal NOL carryforwards generated in pre-2018 tax years of million
will begin to expire in 2036 while federal NOLs generated after 2017 of million
will carry forward indefinitely. The state NOL carryforwards of million
will begin to expire in 2035 unless previously utilized. At December 31, 2022, the Company also had Israel NOL carryforwards of
 million.
The Israel NOLs carry forward indefinitely. 

The
Company s ability to utilize its United States net operating losses may be limited under Section 382 and 383 of the Internal
Revenue Code. The limitations apply if an ownership change, as defined by Section 382, occurs. Generally, an ownership change occurs
when certain shareholders increase their aggregate ownership by more than 50 percentage points over their lowest ownership
percentage in a testing period (typically three years). Although the Company has not undergone a Section 382 analysis, it is
possible that the utilization of the net operating losses, could be substantially limited. Additionally, U.S. tax laws limit the
time during which these carryforwards may be utilized against future taxes. As a result, the Company may not be able to take full
advantage of these carryforwards for federal and state tax purposes. Future changes in stock ownership may also trigger an ownership
change and, consequently, a Section 382 limitation. 

The
Company recognizes the benefit of tax positions taken or expected to be taken in its tax returns in the consolidated financial statements
when it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained upon examination by authorities. Recognized tax positions are measured
at the largest amount of benefit that is As of December 31, 2022 and 2021,
the Company has not recorded any unrecognized tax benefits. 

The
Company records interest related to unrecognized tax benefits in interest expense and penalties in general and administrative expenses.
As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits. The Company
does not expect any significant changes in its tax positions that would warrant recognition of a liability for unrecognized income tax
benefits during the next 12 months. 

The
Company files U.S. federal and various state income tax returns and is subject to examination for tax years back to 2019 and 2018
for federal and state purposes, respectively, and its NOL s dating back to inception are subject to adjustment by the taxing authorities
if claimed on future tax filings for which the statute remain open to examination. The Company also files Israeli tax returns and is
subject to examination for tax years back to 2018. The Company is not currently under audit by the Internal Revenue Service or other
similar national, state and local authorities. 

F- 17 

Item
9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 

None. 

Item
9A. Controls and Procedures. Disclosure Controls and Procedures. 

Limitations
on Effectiveness of Controls and Procedures 

In
designing and evaluating our disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how
well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. In addition, the design
of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and that management is required to apply
judgment in evaluating the benefits of possible controls and procedures relative to their costs. 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Our
management, with the participation of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, evaluated, as of December 31,
2022, the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act).
Based on that evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls and
procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level as of December 31, 2022. 

Management s
Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over our financial reporting, as such term is defined
in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act. 

Our
management conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the criteria set forth
in Internal Control- Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission . Based on our assessment, our management concluded that as of December 31, 2022, our
internal control over financial reporting was effective. 

Attestation
Report of the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

This
Annual Report does not include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial
reporting due to an exemption provided to issuers that are not large accelerated filers nor accelerated filers 
under applicable SEC rules. 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There
were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act)
during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal
control over financial reporting. 

Item
9B. Other Information. 

None. 

Item
9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 

Not
applicable. 

67 

PART
III 

Item
10. Directors and Executive Officers. 

The
following table sets forth information relating to our executive officers and directors as of March 17, 2023. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Executive
 Officers 

Jeffrey
 A. Meckler 
 
 56 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer and Director 
 
 Michael
 J. Newman, Ph.D. 
 
 67 
 
 Chief
 Scientific Officer and Director 
 
 Nir
 Sassi 
 
 47 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 
 Walt
 A. Linscott, Esq. 
 
 62 
 
 Chief
 Business Officer 

Non-Executive
 Directors 

Dr.
 Roger J. Pomerantz 
 
 66 
 
 Chairman
 of the Board of Directors 
 
 Hila
 Karah 
 
 54 
 
 Director 
 
 Anthony
 J. Maddaluna 
 
 70 
 
 Director 
 
 William
 B. Hayes 
 
 57 
 
 Director 
 
 Mark
 J. Gilbert, M.D. 
 
 62 
 
 Director 
 
 Brian
 O Callaghan 
 
 63 
 
 Director 
 
 Robert
 E. Martell, M.D., Ph.D. 
 
 60 
 
 Director 

Biographical information with respect to our
 executive officers and directors is provided below. 

Information
about Our Executive Officers 

Jeffrey
A. Meckler has served as our Chief Executive Officer since July 2021 and member of our board of directors since inception in
February 2021. Previously, Mr. Meckler served as our sole officer from inception to July 2021, Intec Israel s Vice Chairman of
the board of directors from April 2017, as Intec Israel s Chief Executive Officer from July 2017 and as President and Secretary
and director of Intec Parent from March 2021 until the Merger. Mr. Meckler has served on numerous public and private corporate boards
and since October 2014 has served as a director of Travere Therapeutics (Nasdaq: TVTX). Mr. Meckler served as Chief Executive Officer
and a director of CoCrystal Pharma, Inc., a pharmaceutical company, from April 2015 to July 2016. He has also served as a director of
QLT, Inc. (Nasdaq: QLTI), a biotechnology company, from June 2012 to November 2016, as well as the Managing Director of The Andra Group,
a life sciences consulting firm since 2009. Mr. Meckler also served as Chief Executive Officer of Trieber Therapeutics from January 2017
to July 2017. Earlier in his career, Mr. Meckler held a series of positions at Pfizer Inc. in manufacturing systems, market research,
business development, strategic planning and corporate finance, which included playing a significant role in acquisitions and divestitures.
Mr. Meckler is the past President and continues to serve on the board of directors of Children of Bellevue, a non-profit organization
focused on advocating and developing pediatric programs at Bellevue Hospital Center. Mr. Meckler holds a B.S. in Industrial Management
and M.S. in Industrial Administration from Carnegie Mellon University. In addition, Mr. Meckler received his J.D. from Fordham University
School of Law. We believe that Mr. Meckler is qualified to serve on our board of directors because of his extensive executive leadership
experience in the biopharmaceutical industry, including his service at Pfizer, and his experience serving on public company boards. 

Michael
J. Newman, Ph.D. has served as our Chief Scientific Officer and a member of our board of directors since August 2021. Dr. Newman
is a pharmaceutical/biotechnology executive with over 35 years of experience carrying out and managing oncology research and development,
in addition to undergraduate and graduate research and training in microbiology. He was the Founder, President, Chief Executive Officer
and a member of the board of directors of Decoy (from August 2013 to August 2021). His previous positions also include faculty appointments
in Biochemistry at Brandeis University (from 1984 to 1987) and the Roche Institute of Molecular Biology (from 1987 to 1992), Senior Associate
Director of Oncology at Sandoz Pharmaceuticals (world-wide head of Cancer Biology), and Executive Director of Oncology at Novartis Pharmaceuticals
(Head of Cancer Biology in the U.S.) (from 1992 to 1997), and senior management at several Biotechnology companies (from 1998 to 2012).
Dr. Newman received a bachelor s degree in biology from the University of California at San Diego, a Ph.D. in Cell and Developmental
Biology from Harvard Medical School (National Science Foundation Pre-Doctoral Fellow) and carried out post-doctoral research at Cornell
University. We believe that Dr. Newman is qualified to serve on our board of directors because of his extensive scientific and research
background, as well as his experience as founder and CEO of Decoy. 

68 

Nir
Sassi has served as our Chief Financial Officer since July 2021 and served as Intec Israel s Chief Financial Officer from
March 2010 until the Merger (other than from January 2015 to August 2016, during which period Mr. Sassi served as Intec Israel s
VP Finance), and its President from March 2021 until the Merger. Prior to his service with Intec Israel, Mr. Sassi served as a Senior
Manager at PricewaterhouseCoopers Israel, an accounting firm, from 2002 until 2010, including two years relocation to the PricewaterhouseCoopers
New York office. Mr. Sassi is a certified public accountant in Israel and has a bachelor s degree in economics and accounting from
Ben Gurion University in Be er Sheva, Israel. 

Walt
A. Linscott, Esq. has served as our Chief Business Officer since July 2021 and previously joined Intec Israel in October 2017
and served as its Chief Business Officer since July 2018 until the Merger. Previously, from October 2017 to July 2018, Mr. Linscott served
as Intec Israel s Chief Administrative Officer. Prior to his service with Intec Israel, Mr. Linscott co-founded a global consulting
enterprise in October 2014 providing strategic advice to developing companies and most recently served as the President and Chief Operating
Officer of Treiber Therapeutics, Inc. from March 2017 to October 2017. Mr. Linscott also has held senior level executive positions at
public and private medical device and pharmaceutical companies including Cocrystal Pharma, Inc., from July 2015 to March 2017, Carestream
Health, Inc., from January 2011 to January 2015 and Solvay Pharmaceuticals, Inc., from 2001 to 2005. In addition to this experience,
he was an associate and partner at Thompson Hine LLP from 1990 to 2001, and again as a partner from 2005 to 2010 where he founded the
firm s Atlanta, Georgia office, served as Partner in Charge and Chair of the firm s Life Science Practice Group. Mr. Linscott
holds a Master of Science in Experimental and Translational Therapeutics from the University of Oxford, a Postgraduate Diploma in Global
Business from the University of Oxford and a Postgraduate Diploma in Entrepreneurship from Cambridge University. He earned a bachelor s
degree from Syracuse University and a Juris Doctor from the University of Dayton School of Law. Mr. Linscott served on active duty as
an Officer in the United States Marine Corps prior to attending law school. 

Non-Employee
Directors 

Dr.
Roger J. Pomerantz has served as our Chairman since July 2021 and previously served on Intec Israel s board of directors
from March 2018 until the Merger. Dr. Pomerantz has served as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Contrafect Corporation (Nasdaq:
CFRX) since April 2019 and Vice Chairman of Contrafect since May 2014. Previously, Dr. Pomerantz was a Venture Partner at Flagship Pioneering
from 2014 through 2019. In addition, from November 2013 to December 2019, Dr. Pomerantz served as Chairman of the board of directors
of Seres Therapeutics, Inc. (Nasdaq: MCRB), a biotechnology company, and as its President and Chief Executive Officer from June 2014
to January 2019. Prior to joining Seres, Dr. Pomerantz was Worldwide Head of Licensing Acquisitions, Senior Vice President at Merck
 Co., Inc., where he oversaw all licensing and acquisitions at Merck Research Laboratories, including external research, out-licensing
regional deals, and academic alliances. Previously, he served as Senior Vice President and Global Franchise Head of Infectious Diseases
at Merck. Prior to joining Merck, Dr. Pomerantz was Global Head of Infectious Diseases for J J. Dr. Pomerantz has served as a member
of the board of directors of Viracta (Nasdaq: VIRX) since June 2020 and was appointed Chair in September 2020. Since February 2020, he
served as Chairman of Collplant Biotechnologies (Nasdaq: CLPT) and was previously a member of the board of directors of Rubius Therapeutics
(Nasdaq: RUBY). Dr. Pomerantz earned his B.A. in biochemistry at the Johns Hopkins University and his M.D. at the Johns Hopkins School
of Medicine. He completed his internal medicine internship and residency training, and his subspecialty clinical and research training
in infectious diseases and virology at the Massachusetts General Hospital of Harvard Medical School. His post-doctoral research training
in molecular retrovirology was obtained at both Harvard Medical School and the Whitehead Institute of the Massachusetts Institute of
Technology (MIT). Dr. Pomerantz also served as the Chief Resident at the Massachusetts General Hospital. Following his medical-scientist
training, he was an Endowed, Tenured Professor of Medicine and Molecular Pharmacology and Chairman of the Infectious Diseases Department
of Thomas Jefferson University in Philadelphia. Dr. Pomerantz is an internationally recognized expert in HIV molecular pathogenesis and
latency. He has developed ten approved infectious disease drugs in important diseases including HIV, HCV, tuberculosis, and Clostridium
difficile infection. We believe Dr. Pomerantz is qualified to serve on our board of directors because of his significant scientific,
executive and board leadership experience in drug development and in the pharmaceutical industry. 

69 

Hila
Karah has served on our board since July 2021 and previously served as a member of Intec Israel s board of directors since
December 2009 until the Merger. Ms. Karah is an experienced board director and since 2013 serves as an independent business consultant
to private and public companies on strategy, operations, financing, regulatory and corporate governance. From November 2017 to September
2018, Ms. Karah was the executive chairperson of FloraFotonica Ltd., an Israeli Agro Tech startup. From 2006 until 2013, Ms. Karah was
the chief investment officer of Eurotrust Ltd., a family office, where she focused primarily on investments in life science, internet
and high-tech companies. Prior to joining Eurotrust, Ms. Karah served as a senior analyst at Perceptive Life Sciences Ltd., a New York-based
hedge fund. Prior to her position at Perceptive, Ms. Karah was a research analyst at Oracle Partners Ltd., a healthcare-focused hedge
fund based in Connecticut. Ms. Karah has served on the board of Cyren Ltd., a cyber security company (Nasdaq, TASE: CYRN), since 2008
and the board of Dario Health Corp. (Nasdaq: DRIO) since 2014. She also serves on the board of several private companies. Ms. Karah has
a BA in molecular and cell biology from the University of California, Berkeley, and has studied at the UCSB - UCSF Joint Medical Program.
We believe Ms. Karah is qualified to serve on our board of directors because of her longstanding service with Intec Israel, her investment
career in life science companies, her scientific background and experience serving on public company boards. 

Anthony
J. Maddaluna has served on our board since July 2021 and previously served on Intec Israel s board of directors since December
2017 until the Merger. Mr. Maddaluna has more than 40 years of experience in the pharmaceutical manufacturing industry, including leadership
positions in plants, regions and globally. From January 2011 to December 2016, Mr. Maddaluna held a series of positions at Pfizer Inc.,
most recently serving as the Executive Vice President and President of Pfizer Global Supply. Prior to that Mr. Maddaluna served as Senior
Vice President of Pfizer Global Manufacturing Strategy and Supply Network Transformation from 2008 until 2011, and as Vice President
of Pfizer Global Manufacturing Europe Area from 1998 until 2008. Mr. Maddaluna served as a director of Albany Molecular Research Inc.
from February 2016 until its acquisition by The Carlyle Group and GTCR in August 2017 and currently serves on the board of managers for
the private company. Mr. Maddaluna holds a B.S. in Chemical Engineering from Northeastern University and an M.B.A. from Southern Illinois
University. We believe Mr. Maddaluna is qualified to serve on our board of directors because of his extensive experience in the pharmaceutical
manufacturing industry, including his service at Pfizer, and his experience serving on company boards. 

William
B. Hayes has served on our board since July 2021 and previously served on Intec Israel s board of directors since June
2018 until the Merger. Most recently, Mr. Hayes was Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of Laboratory Corporation
of America Holdings (LabCorp) (NYSE: LH), a diagnostics laboratory company. Mr. Hayes joined LabCorp in 1996, where he was responsible
for day-to-day operations of the revenue cycle function. He rose through a series of promotions and in 2005 was named Executive Vice
President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of LabCorp, a role he held until his retirement in 2014. Prior to LabCorp, Mr. Hayes
was at KPMG for nine years in their audit department. Since October 2019, Mr. Hayes has served on the board of Builders FirstSource,
a supplier and manufacturer of building materials (Nasdaq: BLDR), and currently chairs its audit committee. Previously, Mr. Hayes served
as a director from March 2016 for Patheon N.V. (NYSE: PTHN), a pharmaceutical manufacturing company, until its acquisition by Thermo
Fisher in late 2017. Mr. Hayes holds a Bachelor of Science in accounting from the University of North Carolina at Greensboro. We believe
Mr. Hayes is qualified to serve on our board of directors because of his accounting background and experience serving on public company
boards. 

Brian
O Callaghan has served on our board since July 2021 and previously served on Decoy s board of directors since November
2018 until the Merger. Mr. O Callaghan is a life science executive with extensive experience within the biotech, big pharma and
contract research organization (CRO) sectors. Since November 2020, Mr. O Callaghan has been the Chief Executive Officer of ObsEva,
a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company developing novel therapies to improve women s health, leading the company through its
future development, regulatory filings and product launches. Prior to joining ObsEva, Brian has held Chief Executive Officer positions
at Petra Pharma (May 2017 to June 2020), Sonrgy (May 2015 to May 2017), Acucela, Sangart and BioPartners, as well as having held senior
management positions at Pfizer, Merck Serono, Novartis, Covance and NPS Pharmaceuticals. Mr. O Callaghan has experience running
both public and private companies, mergers and acquisitions, initial public offerings, fundraising, divestments, spin-outs, and strategic
alliances. His operational experience is also wide ranging, having managed multiple businesses and programs, across many therapeutic
areas, from concept through to commercialization. He also has extensive board of director experience, having served on numerous biotech
and 501(c)(3) nonprofit boards, including serving on the board of directors of Bolt Therapeutics, Inc. (Nasdaq: BOLT) since 2021. Mr.
O Callaghan earned a Masters of Business Administration from the Henley School of Business at the University of Reading. We believe
Mr. O Callaghan is qualified to serve on our board of directors because of his extensive executive management experience. 

70 

Mark
J. Gilbert has served on our board of directors since November 2021. Dr. Gilbert brings more than 30 years of experience in global
medical and clinical research and development, and management of medical affairs. From March 2019 to March 2022, Dr. Gilbert served as
Executive Vice President of Research and Development at Acepodia, Inc., a clinical-stage biotechnology company addressing gaps in cancer
care. and since June 2021, Dr. Gilbert has served as a Clinical Development Advisor to Decoy Biosystems, Inc., the Company s wholly
owned-subsidiary. In addition, from July 2022, Dr. Gilbert serves as the Clinical Development Advisor at Tune Therapeutics, a biotechnology
company focused on epigenetic edited-therapeutic medicines; from October 2020, Dr. Gilbert serves as the Chairman of the Scientific Advisory
Board at Inceptor Bio, LLC, a biotechnology company developing multiple next-generation cell and gene therapy platforms for underserved
and difficult-to-treat cancers, and has served as a member of their board of directors since November 2022; from October 2020, he serves
as a Strategic Advisor at Kineticos Ventures, a firm providing advisory services and capital to emerging life sciences firms; and from
March 2020, he serves as Chief Medical Officer of JW Therapeutics, a biotechnology company focused on cell immunotherapy products. Prior
to these positions, between November 2013 and January 2020, Dr. Gilbert was the Chief Medical Officer of Juno Therapeutics Inc., a biopharmaceutical
company, where he led the clinical development of some of the first CAR-T cell therapies. Before that, Dr. Gilbert held leadership positions
at Bayer Schering Pharma AG, where he served as Vice President and Head of Global Clinical Development, Therapeutic Area Oncology 
Berlex Pharmaceuticals, Inc., where he served as Vice President of Medical Affairs, Oncology, and Vice President and Head of Global Medical
Development Group, Oncology and Immunex Corporation, where he served as Senior Medical Director, Clinical Research and Development.
Between May 2019 and May 2021, Dr. Gilbert served as an Independent Director of Silicon Therapeutics, Inc., a fully integrated drug design
and development company. Dr. Gilbert earned a Bachelor of Science degree in Biochemistry from the University of Iowa and a Medical Doctor
degree from the University of Iowa College of Medicine. He trained in internal medicine, infectious disease and medical oncology at the
University of California, San Francisco, and the University of Washington, respectively. We believe Dr. Gilbert is qualified to serve
on our board of directors because of his significant scientific and executive in drug development and in the pharmaceutical industry. 

Robert
E. Martell, M.D., Ph.D. has served on our board of directors since February 2023. Dr. Martell brings more than 20 years of experience
in the pharmaceutical industry. Since June 2018, Dr. Martell serves as Head of Research and Development at Curis, Inc., a biotechnology
company focused on the development of innovative therapeutics for the treatment of cancer, and served on its board of directors from
November 2011 to May 2018. He is also co-founder of Epi-Cure Pharmaceuticals, a privately held early-stage biotechnology company, and
served as its president and member of board of directors from 2016 to 2018. Dr. Martell also currently serves as an attending physician
at Tufts University Medical Center, a position he has held since 2009. Prior to these positions, from 2012 to 2015, Dr. Martell served
as the Chief Medical Officer of Tesaro, Inc., an oncology-focused biopharmaceutical company, where he had led the medical and pharmacological
aspects of development. Before that, from 2005 to 2009, he served as the Chief Medical Officer of MethylGene, Inc., a publicly traded
biopharmaceutical company focused on cancer therapeutics, where he had oversight of all aspects of clinical strategy and development.
He also held positions as Director of Oncology Global Clinical Research at Bristol-Myers Squibb, a biopharmaceutical company, from 2002
to 2005; and as Associate/Deputy Director at Bayer Corporation Pharmaceutical Division from 2000 to 2002. In addition, Dr. Martell has
held a number of academic positions, including at Yale University School of Medicine as Assistant Clinical Professor of Oncology from
2001 to 2005, and at Duke Medical Center from 1998 to 2000 where he achieved the rank of Assistant Professor. Dr. Martell received a
B.A. in chemistry from Kalamazoo College, a Ph.D. in Pharmacology from University of Michigan and an M.D. from Wayne State University.
He completed his Internal Medicine internship and residency at Duke University Medical Center, and his Fellowship in Medical Oncology
also at Duke. We believe Dr. Martell is qualified to serve on our board of directors due to his significant experience in research and
development and as a Chief Medical Officer of public biopharmaceutical companies. 

Code
of Business Conduct and Ethics 

We
have a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that applies to our directors, officers and employees, including
our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller, or persons performing similar
functions . The Code of Business Conduct and Ethics is publicly available on our website at http://www.indaptusrx.com. We
intend to satisfy the disclosure requirement under Item 5.05 of Form 8-K regarding amendment to, or waiver from, a provision of our Code
of Business Conduct and Ethics, as well as Nasdaq s requirement to disclose waivers with respect to directors and executive officers,
by posting such information on our website at the address and location specified above. The information contained on our website is not
incorporated by reference into this Annual Report. 

71 

Other 

The
remainder of the information required to be disclosed by this Item 10 will be included in our definitive Proxy Statement for the 2023
Annual Meeting of Stockholders and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item
11. Executive Compensation. 

The
information required by this Item 11 will be included in our definitive Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and
is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 

The
following table gives information as of December 31, 2022 about shares of our common stock that may be issued upon the exercise of options
under the Indaptus Therapeutics, Inc. 2021 Stock Incentive Plan, or the 2021 Plan: 

Plan Category 
 Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights(1) 
 Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights 
 Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in first column) 
 
 Equity compensation plan approved by security holders (2) 
 1,672,873 
 13.01 
 314,494 
 
 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 

Total 
 1,672,873 
 13.01 
 314,494 

(1) The
 weighted average remaining term for the expiration of stock options under the 2021 Plan is
 8.5 years. 
 
 (2) Our
 2021 Plan has an evergreen provision that allows for an annual increase beginning on January
 1, 2022 and ending on and including January 1, 2024, equal to the lesser of (A) 3 of the
 aggregate number of shares of our shares of common stock outstanding on the final day of
 the immediately preceding calendar year or (B) such smaller number of shares as is determined
 by our board of directors. 

Other 

 The
remaining information required by this Item 12 will be included in our definitive Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders
and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 

The
information required by this Item 13 will be included in our definitive Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and
is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item
14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 

The
information required by this Item 14 will be included in our definitive Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and
is incorporated herein by reference. 

72 

PART
IV 

Item
15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 

(a)(1)
Financial Statements. 

The
financial statements required by this item are listed in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data in this Annual
Report. 

(a)(2)
Financial Statement Schedules. 

The
financial statement schedules are omitted because they are either not applicable or the information required is presented in the financial
statements and notes thereto under Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data in this Annual Report. 

(a)(3)
Exhibits. 

The
following is a list of exhibits filed as part of this Annual Report. 

73 

Exhibit
Index 

Exhibit
 No. 
 
 Exhibit
 Description 
 
 2.1++ 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger and Reorganization, dated as of March 15, 2021, by and among Intec Pharma Ltd., Intec Parent, Inc., Dillon Merger Sub Inc., Domestication Merger Sub Ltd., and Decoy Biosystems, Inc. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to Intec Israel s Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 15, 2021) 
 
 2.2 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of April 27, 2021, by and among Intec Pharma Ltd., Intec Parent, Inc. and Domestication Merger Sub Ltd. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to Intec Israel s Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 30, 2021) 
 
 3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Indaptus Therapeutics, Inc., dated as of July 23, 2021 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 23, 2021) 
 
 3.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Indaptus Therapeutics, Inc., dated as of July 23, 2021 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.2 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 23, 2021) 
 
 3.3 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Amended and Restated Bylaws of Indaptus Therapeutics, Inc., dated as of July 20, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 20, 2022) 
 
 3.4 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Intec Parent, Inc. dated August 3, 2021 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 6, 2021) 
 
 4.1 
 
 Description of Securities Registered under Section 12 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 21, 2021) 

4.2 
 
 Form of Ordinary Share Purchase Warrant of Intec Parent, Inc. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Intec Israel s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 6, 2020) 
 
 4.3 
 
 Form of Series A Common Stock Purchase Warrant of Intec Parent, Inc.(incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Indaptus Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 29, 2021) 
 
 10.1 + 
 
 Indaptus Therapeutics, Inc. 2021 Stock Incentive Plan 
 
 10.1+ 
 
 First Amendment to the Indaptus Therapeutics, Inc. 2021 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 6, 2021) 
 
 10.2 + 
 
 Form of Option Award Agreement 
 
 10.3+ 
 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.5 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 6, 2021) 
 
 10.4+ 
 
 Employment Agreement between Jeffrey Meckler and Indaptus Therapeutics, Inc., effective as of August 4, 2021 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 6, 2021) 
 
 10.5+ 
 
 Employment Agreement between Michael J. Newman, Ph.D. and Indaptus Therapeutics, Inc., effective as of August 4, 2021 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 6, 2021) 
 
 10.6+ 
 
 Employment Agreement between Walt Linscott and Indaptus Therapeutics, Inc., effective as of August 4, 2021 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 6, 2021) 
 
 10.7+ 
 
 Employment Agreement between Nir Sassi and Indaptus Therapeutics, Inc., effective as of January 1, 2022 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.6 of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 21, 2022) 
 
 10.8 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement, dated July 23, 2021, between Intec Parent, Inc. and each purchaser identified on the signature pages hereto (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 29, 2021) 
 
 10.9 
 
 Form of Registration Rights Agreement, dated July 23, 2021, between Intec Parent, Inc. and each purchaser identified on the signature pages hereto (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 29, 2021) 
 
 10.10 
 
 At the Market Offering Agreement, dated June 1, 2022, by and between Indaptus Therapeutics, Inc. and H.C. Wainwright Co., LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.2 of the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-3 filed on September 1, 2022) 
 
 10.11 
 
 Purchase Agreement, dated December 22, 2022, by and between Indaptus Therapeutics, Inc. and Lincoln Park Capital Fund, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 23, 2022) 
 
 10.12 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated December 22, 2022, by and between Indaptus Therapeutics, Inc. and Lincoln Park Capital Fund, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 23, 2022) 
 
 21.1 
 
 List of Subsidiaries (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 21.1 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 21, 2021) 

23.1 
 
 Consent of Haskell White LLP, independent registered public accounting firm 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a)under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.1# 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes- Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.2# 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes- Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document (the Instance Document does not appear in the interactive data file because its XBRL tags are embedded within
 the Inline XBRL document) 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibits 101) 

Filed herewith 

# 
 Furnished herewith 

+ 
 Indicates management contract or compensatory plan. 

++ 
 The schedules to the agreement have been omitted pursuant
 to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. A copy of any omitted schedule will be furnished to the SEC upon request. 

Item
16. Form 10-K Summary 

None. 

74 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this Report
to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized . 

Indaptus
 Therapeutics, Inc. 

Date:
 March 17, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Jeffrey A. Meckler 

Jeffrey
 A. Meckler 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

POWER
OF ATTORNEY 

KNOW
ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below hereby constitutes and appoints Jeffrey Meckler and Nir
Sassi, and each of them acting individually, as his attorney-in-fact, each with full power of substitution, for him in any and all capacities,
to sign any and all amendments to this Report on Form 10-K, and to file the same, with exhibits thereto and other documents in connection
therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, hereby ratifying and confirming our signatures as they may be signed by our said
attorney to any and all amendments to said Report. 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this Report has been signed below by the following persons on
behalf of the Registrant in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Name 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Jeffrey A. Meckler 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer and Director 

March
 17, 2023 
 
 Jeffrey
 A. Meckler 
 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer) 

/s/
 Nir Sassi 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

March
 17, 2023 
 
 Nir
 Sassi 
 
 (Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer) 

/s/
 Michal J. Newman, Ph.D. 
 
 Chief
 Scientific Officer and Director 
 
 March
 17, 2023 
 
 Michael
 J. Newman, Ph.D. 

/s/
 Roger J. Pomerantz, M.D. 
 
 Chairman
 of the Board of Directors 
 
 March
 17, 2023 
 
 Dr.
 Roger J. Pomerantz, M.D. 

/s/
 Hila Karah 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 17, 2023 
 
 Hila
 Karah 

/s/
 Anthony J. Maddaluna 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 17, 2023 
 
 Anthony
 J. Maddaluna 

/s/
 Brian O Callaghan 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 17, 2023 
 
 Brian
 O Callaghan 

/s/
 Mark J. Gilbert 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 17, 2023 
 
 Mark
 J. Gilbert 

/s/
 William B. Hayes 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 17, 2023 
 
 William
 B. Hayes 

/s/
 Robert E. Martell, M.D., Ph.D. 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 17, 2023 
 
 Robert
 E. Martell, M.D., Ph.D. 

75 

<EX-10.1>
 2
 ex10-1.htm

Exhibit
10.1 

INDAPTUS
THERAPEUTICS, INC. (Formerly INTEC PARENT, INC.) 

2021
STOCK INCENTIVE PLAN 

(dated
as of June 21, 2021) 

Unless
otherwise defined, terms used herein shall have the meaning ascribed to them in Section 2 hereof. 

1.
 PURPOSE; TYPES OF AWARDS; CONSTRUCTION. 

1.1.
Purpose. The purpose of this 2021 Stock Incentive Plan (as amended, this Plan is to afford an incentive to Service
Providers of Intec Parent, Inc., a corporation incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware (together with any successor corporation
thereto, the Company ), or any Affiliate of the Company, which now exists or hereafter is organized or acquired by
the Company or its Affiliates, to continue as Service Providers, to increase their efforts on behalf of the Company or its Affiliates
and to promote the success of the Company s business, by providing such Service Providers with opportunities to acquire a proprietary
interest in the Company by the issuance of Shares or restricted Shares Restricted Stock of the Company, and by
the grant of options to purchase Shares Options ), Restricted Stock Units RSUs and other
Share-based Awards pursuant to Sections 11 through 13 of this Plan. In addition, Awards may be granted to Service Providers under this
Plan as donations, for any purpose that the Board finds appropriate, at its discretion. 

1.2.
 Types of Awards . This Plan is intended to enable the Company to issue Awards under various tax regimes, including: 

(i) pursuant
 and subject to the provisions of Section 102 of the Ordinance (or the corresponding provision
 of any subsequently enacted statute, as amended from time to time), and all regulations and
 interpretations adopted by any competent authority, including the Israeli Income Tax Authority
 (the ITA ), including the Income Tax Rules (Tax Benefits in Stock Issuance
 to Employees) 5763-2003 or such other rules so adopted from time to time (the Rules (such Awards that are intended to be (as set forth in the Award Agreement) and which qualify
 as such under Section 102 of the Ordinance and the Rules, 102 Awards ); 
 
 (ii) pursuant
 to Section 3(9) of the Ordinance or the corresponding provision of any subsequently enacted
 statute, as amended from time to time (such Awards, 3(9) Award s ); 
 
 (iii) Incentive
 Stock Options within the meaning of Section 422 of the Code, or the corresponding provision
 of any subsequently enacted United States federal tax statute, as amended from time to time,
 to be granted to Employees who are deemed to be residents of the United States, for purposes
 of taxation, or are otherwise subject to U.S. Federal income tax (such Awards that are intended
 to be (as set forth in the Award Agreement) and which qualify as an incentive stock option
 within the meaning of Section 422(b) of the Code, Incentive Stock Options );
 and 
 
 (iv) Awards
 not intended to be (as set forth in the Award Agreement) or which do not qualify as an Incentive
 Stock Option Nonqualified Stock Options ). 

In
addition to the issuance of Awards under the relevant tax regimes in the United States of America and the State of Israel, and without
derogating from the generality of Section 25, this Plan contemplates issuances to Grantees in other jurisdictions or under other tax
regimes with respect to which the Committee is empowered, but is not required, to make the requisite adjustments in this Plan and set
forth the relevant conditions in an appendix to this Plan or in the Company s agreement with the Grantee in order to comply with
the requirements of such other tax regimes. 

1.3.
 Company Status . This Plan contemplates the issuance of Awards by the Company, both as a private and public company. 

1.4.
 Construction . To the extent any provision herein conflicts with the conditions of any relevant tax law, rule or regulation which
are relied upon for tax relief in respect of a particular Award to a Grantee, the Committee is empowered, but is not required, hereunder
to determine that the provisions of such law, rule or regulation shall prevail over those of this Plan and to interpret and enforce such
prevailing provisions. 

2.
 DEFINITIONS. 

2.1.
 Terms Generally . Except when otherwise indicated by the context, (i) the singular shall include the plural and the plural shall
include the singular; (ii) any pronoun shall include the corresponding masculine, feminine and neuter forms; (iii) any definition of
or reference to any agreement, instrument or other document herein shall be construed as referring to such agreement, instrument or other
document as from time to time amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified (subject to any restrictions on such amendments,
restatements, supplements or modifications set forth therein or herein), (iv) references to any law, constitution, statute, treaty, regulation,
rule or ordinance, including any section or other part thereof shall refer to it as amended from time to time and shall include any successor
thereof, (v) reference to a company or entity shall include a, partnership, corporation, limited liability
company, association, trust, unincorporated organization, or a government or agency or political subdivision thereof, and reference to
a person shall mean any of the foregoing or an individual, (vi) the words herein , hereof and
 hereunder , and words of similar import, shall be construed to refer to this Plan in its entirety, and not to any particular
provision hereof, (vii) all references herein to Sections shall be construed to refer to Sections to this Plan; (viii) the words include ,
 includes and including shall be deemed to be followed by the phrase without limitation and
(ix) use of the term or is not intended to be exclusive. 

2.2.
 Defined Terms . The following terms shall have the meanings ascribed to them in this Section 2: 

2.3.
 Affiliate shall mean, (i) with respect to any person, any other person that, directly or indirectly through one or more
intermediaries, controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with, such person (with the term control or controlled
by within the meaning of Rule 405 of Regulation C under the Securities Act), including, without limitation, any Parent or Subsidiary,
or (ii) for the purpose of 102 Awards, Affiliate shall only mean an employing company within the meaning
and subject to the conditions of Section 102(a) of the Ordinance. 

2.5.
 Applicable Law shall mean any applicable law, rule, regulation, statute, pronouncement, policy, interpretation,
judgment, order or decree of any federal, provincial, state or local governmental, regulatory or adjudicative authority or agency, of
any jurisdiction, and the rules and regulations of any stock exchange, over-the-counter market or trading system on which the Company s
shares of capital stock are then traded or listed. 

2.6.
 Award shall mean any Option, Restricted Stock, RSUs or any other Share-based award granted under this Plan. 

2.7.
 Board shall mean the Board of Directors of the Company. 

2.8.
 Code shall mean the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, and any applicable regulations promulgated thereunder,
all as amended. 

2.9.
 Committee shall mean a committee established or appointed by the Board to administer this Plan, subject to Section
3.1. To the extent required to comply with the provisions of Rule 16b-3 of the Exchange Act, it is intended that each member of the Committee
will be, at the time the Committee takes any action with respect to an Award that is subject to Rule 16b-3 of the Exchange Act, a non-employee
director within the meaning of Rule 16b-3 of the Exchange Act; however, a Committee member s failure to qualify as a non-employee
director within the meaning of Rule 16b-3 of the Exchange Act will not invalidate any Award granted by the Committee that is otherwise
validly granted under the Plan. 

2.10.
 Controlling Stockholder shall have the meaning set forth in Section 32(9) of the Ordinance. 

2 

2.11.
 Disability shall mean (i) the inability of a Grantee to engage in any substantial gainful activity or to perform
the major duties of the Grantee s position with the Company or its Affiliates by reason of any medically determinable physical
or mental impairment which has lasted or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than 12 months (or such other period
as determined by the Committee), as determined by a qualified doctor acceptable to the Company, (ii) if applicable, a permanent
and total disability as defined in Section 22(e)(3) of the Code or Section 409A(a)(2)(c)(i) of the Code, as amended from time
to time with respect to Incentive Stock Options, or (iii) as defined in a policy of the Company that the Committee has taken written
action to make applicable to this Plan, or that makes reference to this Plan, for purposes of this definition. 

2.12.
 Employee shall mean any person treated as an employee (including an officer or a director who is also treated as
an employee) in the records of the Company or any of its Affiliates (and in the case of 102 Awards, subject to Section 9.3 or in the
case of Incentive Stock Options, who is an employee for purposes of Section 422 of the Code); provided , however , that neither
service as a director nor payment of a director s fee shall be sufficient to constitute employment for purposes of this Plan. The
Company shall determine in good faith and in the exercise of its discretion whether an individual has become or has ceased to be an Employee
and the effective date of such individual s employment or termination of employment, as the case may be. For purposes of a person s
rights, if any, under this Plan as of the time of the Company s determination, all such determinations by the Company shall be
final, binding and conclusive, notwithstanding that the Company or any court of law or governmental agency subsequently makes a contrary
determination. 

2.13.
 employment , employed and words of similar import shall be deemed to refer to the employment
of Employees or to the services of any other Service Provider, as the case may be. 

2.14.
 Exchange Act shall mean the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and all regulations, guidance and
other interpretative authority issued thereunder. 

2.15.
 exercise , exercised and words of similar import, when referring to an Award that does not require
exercise or that is settled upon vesting (such as may be the case with RSUs or Restricted Stock, if so determined in their terms), shall
be deemed to refer to the vesting of such an Award (regardless of whether or not the wording included reference to vesting of such an
Awards explicitly). 

2.16.
 Exercise Period shall mean the period, commencing on the date of grant of an Award, during which an Award shall
be exercisable, subject to any vesting provisions thereof (including any acceleration thereof, if any) and subject to the termination
provisions hereof. 

2.17.
 Exercise Price shall mean the exercise price for each Share covered by an Option or the purchase price for each
Share covered by any other Award. 

2.18.
 Fair Market Value shall mean, as of any date, the value of a Share or other property as determined by the Board,
in its discretion, subject to the following: (i) if, on such date, the Shares are listed on any securities exchange, the closing sales
price per Share on which the Shares are principally traded on such date, or if no sale occurred on such date, the last day preceding
such date during which a sale occurred, as reported in The Wall Street Journal or such other source as the Company deems reliable; (ii)
if, on such date, the Shares are then quoted in an over-the-counter market, the average of the closing bid and asked prices for the Shares
in that market on such date, or if there are no bid and asked prices on such date, the last day preceding such date on which there are
bid and asked prices, as reported in The Wall Street Journal or such other source as the Company deems reliable; or (iii) if, on such
date, the Shares are not then listed on a securities exchange or quoted in an over-the-counter market, or in case of any other property,
such value as the Committee, in its sole discretion, shall determine, with full authority to determine the method for making such determination
and which determination shall be conclusive and binding on all parties, and shall be made after such consultations with outside legal,
accounting and other experts as the Committee may deem advisable; provided , however , that the Committee shall have the
right to change the manner in which Fair Market Value of the Shares is determined consistent with the applicable requirements of and
subject to Section 409A of the Code, and with respect to Incentive Stock Options, in a manner that satisfies the applicable requirements
of and subject to Section 422 of the Code, subject to Section 422(c)(7) of the Code. If the Shares are listed or quoted on more than
one established stock exchange or over-the-counter market, the Committee shall determine the principal such exchange or market and utilize
the price of the Shares on that exchange or market (determined as per the method described in clauses (i) or (ii) above, as applicable)
for the purpose of determining Fair Market Value. 

3 

2.19.
 Grantee shall mean a person who has been granted an Award(s) under this Plan. 

2.20.
 Ordinance shall mean the Israeli Income Tax Ordinance (New Version) 1961, and the regulations and rules (including
the Rules) promulgated thereunder, all as amended from time to time. 

2.21.
 Parent shall mean any company (other than the Company), which now exists or is hereafter organized, (i) in an unbroken
chain of companies ending with the Company if, at the time of granting an Award, each of the companies (other than the Company) owns
stock possessing fifty percent (50 or more of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock in one of the other companies
in such chain, or (ii) if applicable and for purposes of Incentive Stock Options, that is a parent corporation of the Company,
as defined in Section 424(e) of the Code. 

2.22.
 Retirement shall mean a Grantee s retirement as required pursuant to Applicable Law or in accordance with any definition
of retirement adopted by the Committee based on years of service, age or both. 

2.23.
 Securities Act shall mean the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder,
all as amended from time to time. 

2.24.
 Service Provider shall mean an Employee, director, officer, consultant, advisor and any other person or entity who
provides services to the Company or any Parent, Subsidiary or other Affiliate thereof. Service Providers shall include prospective Service
Providers to whom Awards are granted in connection with written offers of an employment or other service relationship with the Company
or any Parent, Subsidiary or any other Affiliates thereof, provided , however , that such employment or service shall (i)
with respect to Israeli Service Providers, have actually commenced, and (ii) with respect to non-Israeli Service Providers, have actually
commenced within twelve months of the offer. Notwithstanding the foregoing, unless otherwise determined by the Committee, each Service
Provider shall be an employee as defined in the General Instructions to Form S-8 Registration Statement under the Securities
Act (or any successor form thereto). 

2.25.
 Share(s) shall mean share(s) of Common Stock, par value 0.01 of the Company (as adjusted for stock split, reverse
stock split, bonus shares, combination or other recapitalization events), or shares of such other class of stock of the Company as shall
be designated by the Board in respect of the relevant Award(s). Shares include any securities or property issued or distributed
with respect thereto. 

2.26.
 Subsidiary shall mean any company (other than the Company), which now exists or is hereafter organized or acquired
by the Company, (i) in an unbroken chain of companies beginning with the Company if, at the time of granting an Award, each of the companies
other than the last company in the unbroken chain owns stock possessing fifty percent (50 or more of the total combined voting power
of all classes of stock in one of the other companies in such chain, or (ii) if applicable and for purposes of Incentive Stock Options,
that is a subsidiary corporation of the Company, as defined in Section 424(f) of the Code. 

2.27.
 Ten Percent Stockholder shall mean a Grantee who, at the time an Award is granted to the Grantee, owns stock possessing
more than ten percent (10 of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock of the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary, within
the meaning of Section 422(b)(6) of the Code. 

2.28.
 Trustee shall mean the trustee appointed by the Committee to hold the Awards (and, in relation with 102 Awards,
approved by the ITA), if so appointed. 

4 

2.29.
 Other Defined Terms . The following terms shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Sections set forth below: 

Term 
 
 Section 
 
 102
 Awards 
 
 1.2(i) 
 
 102
 Capital Gains Track Awards 
 
 9.1 
 
 102
 Non-Trustee Awards 
 
 9.2 
 
 102
 Ordinary Income Track Awards 
 
 9.1 
 
 102
 Trustee Awards 
 
 9.1 
 
 3(9)
 Awards 
 
 1.2(ii) 
 
 Award
 Agreement 
 
 6 
 
 Cause 
 
 6.6.4.4 
 
 Charter
 Documents 
 
 3.1 
 
 Company 
 
 1.1 
 
 Effective
 Date 
 
 24.1 
 
 Election 
 
 9.2 
 
 Eligible
 102 Grantees 
 
 9.3.1 
 
 Incentive
 Stock Options 
 
 1.2(iii) 
 
 ITA 
 
 1.1(i) 
 
 Market
 Stand-Off 
 
 17.1 
 
 Market
 Stand-Off Period 
 
 17.1 
 
 Merger/Sale 
 
 14.2 
 
 Nonqualified
 Stock Options 
 
 1.2(iv) 
 
 Plan 
 
 1.1 
 
 Recapitalization 
 
 14.1 
 
 Required
 Holding Period 
 
 9.5 
 
 Restricted
 Period 
 
 11.2 
 
 Restricted
 Stock Agreement 
 
 11 
 
 Restricted
 Stock Unit Agreement 
 
 12 
 
 Restricted
 Stock 
 
 1.1 
 
 RSUs 
 
 1.1 
 
 Rules 
 
 1.1(i) 
 
 Securities 
 
 17.1 
 
 Stockholders
 Agreements 
 
 16.2 
 
 Successor
 Corporation 
 
 14.2.1 
 
 Withholding
 Obligations 
 
 18.5 

3.
 ADMINISTRATION. 

3.1.
To the extent permitted under Applicable Law, the Company s Certificate of Incorporation, the Bylaws and any other governing document
of the Company (collectively, as amended from time to time, the Charter Documents ), this Plan shall be administered
by the Committee. In the event that the Board does not appoint or establish a committee to administer this Plan, this Plan shall be administered
by the Board and, accordingly, any and all references herein to the Committee shall be construed as references to the Board. In the event
that an action necessary for the administration of this Plan is required under Applicable Law to be taken by the Board without the right
of delegation, or if such action or power was explicitly reserved by the Board in appointing, establishing and empowering the Committee,
then such action shall be so taken by the Board. In any such event, all references herein to the Committee shall be construed as references
to the Board. Even if such a Committee was appointed or established, the Board may take any actions that are stated to be vested in the
Committee, and shall not be restricted or limited from exercising all rights, powers and authorities under this Plan or Applicable Law. 

3.2.
The Board shall appoint the members of the Committee, may from time to time remove members from, or add members to, the Committee, and
shall fill vacancies in the Committee, however caused, provided that the composition of the Committee shall at all times be in compliance
with any mandatory requirements of Applicable Law or any Charter Documents. The Committee may select one of its members as its Chairman
and shall hold its meetings at such times and places as it shall determine. The Committee may appoint a Secretary, who shall keep records
of its meetings, and shall make such rules and regulations for the conduct of its business as it shall deem advisable and subject to
mandatory requirements of Applicable Law. 

5 

3.3.
Subject to the terms and conditions of this Plan, any mandatory provisions of Applicable Law and any provisions of any Company policy
required under mandatory provisions of Applicable Law, and in addition to the Committee s powers contained elsewhere in this Plan,
the Committee shall have full authority, in its sole discretion, from time to time and at any time, to determine any of the following,
or to recommend to the Board any of the following if it is not authorized to take such action according to Applicable Law: 

(i) 
 the
 Service Providers who shall receive Awards from time to time, 

(ii) 
 terms
 and provisions of Award Agreements (which need not be identical) and any other agreements or instruments under which Awards are made,
 including, but not limited to, the number of Shares underlying each Award and the class of Shares underlying each Award (if more
 than one class was designated by the Board), 

(iii) 
 the
 time or times at which Awards shall be granted, 

(iv) 
 the
 terms, conditions and restrictions applicable to each Award (which need not be identical) and any Shares acquired upon the exercise
 or (if applicable) vesting thereof, including, without limitation, (1) designating Awards under Section 1.2; (2) the vesting schedule,
 the acceleration thereof and terms and conditions upon which Awards may be exercised or become vested, (3) the Exercise Price, (4)
 the method of payment for Shares purchased upon the exercise or (if applicable) vesting of the Awards, (5) the method for satisfaction
 of any tax withholding obligation arising in connection with the Awards or such Shares, including by the withholding or delivery
 of Shares, (6) the time of the expiration of the Awards, (7) the effect of the Grantee s termination of employment with the
 Company or any of its Affiliates, and (8) all other terms, conditions and restrictions applicable to the Award or the Shares not
 inconsistent with the terms of this Plan, 

(v) 
 to
 accelerate, continue, extend or defer the exercisability of any Award or the vesting thereof, including with respect to the period
 following a Grantee s termination of employment or other service, 

(vi) 
 the
 interpretation of this Plan and any Award Agreement and the meaning, interpretation and applicability of terms referred to in Applicable
 Law, 

(vii) 
 policies,
 guidelines, rules and regulations relating to and for carrying out this Plan, and any amendment, supplement or rescission thereof,
 as it may deem appropriate, 

(viii) 
 to
 adopt supplements to, or alternative versions of, this Plan, including, without limitation, as it deems necessary or desirable to
 comply with the laws of, or to accommodate the tax regime or custom of, foreign jurisdictions whose citizens or residents may be
 granted Awards, 

(ix) 
 the
 Fair Market Value of the Shares or other property, 

(x) 
 the
 tax track (capital gains, ordinary income track or any other track available under the Section 102 of the Ordinance) for the purpose
 of 102 Awards, 

(xi) 
 the
 authorization and approval of conversion, substitution, cancellation or suspension under and in accordance with this Plan of any
 or all Awards or Shares, 

(xii) 
 the
 amendment, modification, waiver or supplement of the terms of each outstanding Award (with the consent of the applicable Grantee,
 if such amendment materially and adversely affects the Grantee s rights under the Award (other than as a result of an adjustment
 or exercise of rights in accordance with Section 14)) unless otherwise provided under the terms of this Plan, 

6 

(xiii) 
 to
 correct any defect, supply any omission or reconcile any inconsistency in this Plan or any Award Agreement and all other determinations
 and take such other actions with respect to this Plan or any Award as it may deem advisable to the extent not inconsistent with the
 provisions of this Plan or Applicable Law, 

(xiv) 
 establish
 rules or procedures with respect to provisions under this Plan, including but not limited to Section 25 hereunder, 

(xv) 
 delegate
 authority to act on the Committee s behalf under Section 3.8, and 

(xvi) 
 any
 other matter which is necessary or desirable for, or incidental to, the administration of this Plan and any Award thereunder. 

3.4.
The authority granted hereunder includes the authority to modify Awards to eligible individuals who are foreign nationals or are individuals
who are employed outside the United States of America or the State of Israel to recognize differences in local law, tax policy or custom,
in order to effectuate the purposes of this Plan but without amending this Plan. 

3.5.
The Board and the Committee shall be free at all times to make such determinations and take such actions as they deem fit. The Board
and the Committee need not take the same action or determination with respect to all Awards, with respect to certain types of Awards,
with respect to all Service Providers or any certain type of Service Providers and actions and determinations may differ as among the
Grantees, and as between the Grantees and any other holders of securities of the Company. 

3.6.
All decisions, determinations, and interpretations of the Committee, the Board and the Company under this Plan shall be final and binding
on all Grantees (whether before or after the issuance of Shares pursuant to Awards), unless otherwise determined by the Committee, the
Board or the Company, respectively, in its sole discretion. The Committee shall have the authority (but not the obligation) to determine
the interpretation and applicability of Applicable Law to any Grantee or any Awards. No member of the Committee or the Board shall be
liable to any Grantee for any action taken or determination made in good faith with respect to this Plan or any Award granted hereunder. 

3.7.
Any officer or authorized signatory of the Company shall have the authority to act on behalf of the Company with respect to any matter,
right, obligation, determination or election which is the responsibility of or which is allocated to the Company herein, provided such
person has apparent authority with respect to such matter, right, obligation, determination or election. Such person or authorized signatory
shall not be liable to any Grantee for any action taken or determination made in good faith with respect to this Plan or any Award granted
hereunder. 

3.8
Subject to any requirements of Applicable Law (including as applicable Sections 152 and 157(c) of the General Corporation Law of the
State of Delaware), the Board may delegate to one or more officers of the Company the power to grant Awards (subject to any limitations
under the Plan) to non-Israeli Service Providers and to exercise such other powers under the Plan as the Company may determine, provided
that the Committee shall fix the terms of Awards to be granted by such officers, the maximum number of shares subject to Awards that
the officers may grant, and the time period in which such Awards may be granted; and provided further, that no officer shall be authorized
to grant Awards to any executive officer of the Company (as defined by Rule 3b-7 under the Exchange Act or to any officer 
of the Company by Rule 16a-1(f) under the Exchange Act. Any decision, determination or interpretation taken by an officer within the
scope of a delegation of authority shall be treated as if taken by the Committee. 

4.
 ELIGIBILITY. 

Awards
may be granted to Service Providers of the Company or any Affiliate thereof, taking into account, at the Committee s discretion
and without an obligation to do so, the qualification under each tax regime pursuant to which such Awards are granted, subject to the
limitation on the granting of Incentive Stock Options set forth in Section 8.1. A person who has been granted an Award hereunder may
be granted additional Awards, if the Committee shall so determine, subject to the limitations herein. However, eligibility in accordance
with this Section 4 shall not entitle any person to be granted an Award, or, having been granted an Award, to be granted an additional
Award. 

7 

Awards
may differ in number of Shares covered thereby, the terms and conditions applying to them or on the Grantees or in any other respect
(including, that there should not be any expectation (and it is hereby disclaimed) that a certain treatment, interpretation or position
granted to one shall be applied to the other, regardless of whether or not the facts or circumstances are the same or similar). 

5.
 SHARES. 

5.1.
The maximum aggregate number of Shares that may be issued pursuant to Awards under this Plan (the Pool shall be the 7,459,852
Shares; provided, however that the Share Reserve will increase on January 1st of each calendar year beginning on January 1, 2022 and
ending on and including January 1, 2024 (each, an Evergreen Date ), in an amount equal to the lesser of (i) 3 of the total
number of shares of Common Stock outstanding on the December 31st immediately preceding the applicable Evergreen Date and (ii) such lesser
number of shares of Common Stock as determined to be appropriate by the Committee in its sole discretion. In no event shall more than
7,459,852 Shares be available for issuance pursuant to the exercise of Incentive Stock Options. The number of Shares reserved under the
Pool and available for the grant of Incentive Stock Options shall be subject to adjustment under Section 14.1 below. 

5.2.
Any Shares (a) underlying an Award granted hereunder that has expired, or was cancelled, terminated, forfeited or, repurchased or settled
in cash in lieu of issuance of Shares or otherwise, for any reason, without having been exercised; (b) if permitted by the Company, tendered
to pay the Exercise Price of an Award, or withholding tax obligations with respect to an Award; or (c) if permitted by the Company, subject
to an Award that are not delivered to a Grantee because such Shares are withheld to pay the Exercise Price of such Award, or withholding
tax obligations with respect to such Award; shall automatically, and without any further action on the part of the Company or any Grantee,
again be available for grant of Awards and Shares issued upon exercise of (if applicable) vesting thereof for the purposes of this Plan
(unless this Plan shall have been terminated or unless the Board determines otherwise). Such Shares may, in whole or in part, be authorized
but unissued Shares, treasury stock (dormant shares) or otherwise Shares that shall have been or may be repurchased by the Company (to
the extent permitted pursuant to Applicable Law). 

5.3.
Substitute Awards granted pursuant to Section 14.4 of the Plan shall not count against the Shares otherwise available for issuance under
the Plan under Section 5.1. 

5.4.
Any Shares under the Pool that are not subject to outstanding or exercised Awards at the termination of this Plan shall cease to be reserved
for the purpose of this Plan. 

5.5.
Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary in the Plan, the Committee may establish total cash and equity compensation for non-employee
members of the Board from time to time, subject to the limitations in the Plan. The Committee will from time to time determine the terms,
conditions and amounts of all such non-employee director compensation in its discretion and pursuant to the exercise of its business
judgment, taking into account such factors, circumstances and considerations as it shall deem relevant from time to time, provided that
the sum of any cash compensation, or other compensation, and the value (determined as of the grant date in accordance with Financial
Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification Topic 718, or any successor thereto) of Awards granted to a non-employee
member of the Board as compensation for services as a non-employee member of the Board during any fiscal year of the Company may not
exceed 750,000, increased to 1,000,000 in the fiscal year of a non-employee member s initial service as a non-employee member
of the Board or the board of directors of the Company s predecssors. The Committee may make exceptions to this limit for individual
non-employee members of the Board in extraordinary circumstances, as the Committee may determine in its discretion, provided that the
non-employee member of the Board receiving such additional compensation may not participate in the decision to award such compensation
or in other contemporaneous compensation decisions involving non-employee members of the Board. 

8 

6.
 TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF AWARDS. 

Each
Award granted pursuant to this Plan shall be evidenced by a written or electronic agreement between the Company and the Grantee or a
written or electronic notice delivered by the Company (the Award Agreement ), in substantially such form or forms
and containing such terms and conditions, as the Committee shall from time to time approve. The Award Agreement shall comply with and
be subject to the following general terms and conditions and the provisions of this Plan (except for any provisions applying to Awards
under different tax regimes), unless otherwise specifically provided in such Award Agreement, or the terms referred to in other Sections
of this Plan applying to Awards under such applicable tax regimes, or terms prescribed by Applicable Law. Award Agreements need not be
in the same form and may differ in the terms and conditions included therein. 

6.1.
 Number of Shares . Each Award Agreement shall state the number of Shares covered by the Award. 

6.2.
 Type of Award . Each Award Agreement may state the type of Award granted thereunder, provided that the tax treatment of any Award,
whether or not stated in the Award Agreement, shall be as determined in accordance with Applicable Law. 

6.3.
 Exercise Price . Each Award Agreement shall state the Exercise Price, if applicable, which shall be subject to adjustment as provided
in Section 14 hereof. 

6.4.
 Manner of Exercise . An Award may be exercised, as to any or all Shares as to which the Award has become exercisable, by written
notice delivered in person or by mail (or such other methods of delivery prescribed by the Company) to the Chief Financial Officer of
the Company or to such other person as determined by the Committee, or in any other manner as the Committee shall prescribe from time
to time, specifying the number of Shares with respect to which the Award is being exercised (which may be equal to or lower than the
aggregate number of Shares that have become exercisable at such time, subject to the last sentence of this Section), accompanied by payment
of the aggregate Exercise Price for such Shares in the manner specified in the following sentence. The Exercise Price shall be paid in
full with respect to each Share, at the time of exercise, either in (i) cash, (ii) if the Company s shares are listed for trading
on any securities exchange or over-the-counter market, and if the Committee so determines, all or part of the Exercise Price may be paid
by the delivery (on a form prescribed by the Company) of an irrevocable direction to a securities broker approved by the Company to sell
Shares and to deliver all or part of the sales proceeds to the Company or the Trustee, (iii) if the Company s stock is listed for
trading on any securities exchange or over-the-counter market, and if the Committee so determines, all or part of the Exercise Price
and any withholding taxes may be paid by the delivery (on a form prescribed by the Company) of an irrevocable direction to pledge Shares
to a securities broker or lender approved by the Company, as security for a loan, and to deliver all or part of the loan proceeds to
the Company or the Trustee, or (iv) in such other manner as the Committee shall determine, which may include procedures for cashless
exercise. For as long as the Company s stock is not listed for trading on any securities exchange or over-the-counter market and
unless the Committee determines otherwise, a Grantee may not exercise Awards unless the aggregate Exercise Price thereof is equal to
or in excess of the lower of: (a) the aggregate Exercise Price for all Shares as to which the Award has become exercisable at such time;
or (b) US 5,000. 

6.5
 Term and Vesting of Awards. 

6.5.1
Each Award Agreement shall provide the vesting schedule for the Award as determined by the Committee. The Committee shall have the authority
to determine the vesting schedule and accelerate the vesting of any outstanding Award at such time and under such circumstances as it,
in its sole discretion, deems appropriate. Unless otherwise resolved by the Committee and stated in the Award Agreement, and subject
to Sections 6.6 and 6.7 hereof, Awards shall vest and become exercisable under the following schedule: twenty-five percent (25 of the
Shares covered by the Award, on the first anniversary of the vesting commencement date determined by the Committee (and in the absence
of such determination, of date on which such Award was granted), and six and one-quarter percent (6.25 of the Shares covered by the
Award at the end of each subsequent three-month period thereafter over the course of the following three (3) years; provided that the
Grantee remains continuously as a Service Provider of the Company or its Affiliates throughout such vesting dates. 

9 

6.5.2
The Award Agreement may contain performance goals and measurements (which, in case of 102 Awards, shall, if then required, be subject
to obtaining a specific tax ruling or determination from the ITA), and the provisions with respect to any Award need not be the same
as the provisions with respect to any other Award. Such performance goals may include, but are not limited to, sales, earnings before
interest and taxes, return on investment, earnings per share, any combination of the foregoing or rate of growth of any of the foregoing,
as determined by the Committee. If the occurrence of any unbudgeted or unanticipated item would make fair and equitable measurement of
the performance goal(s) under an Award for part or all of a performance period no longer practical, the Committee, without the need for
a consent of any holder of an Award, shall adjust and modify in its sole discretion the results with respect to any such goal to preserve
(but not enhance) the incentives contemplated under the Award Agreement; provided, however, that such adjustments and modifications shall
not apply to Awards for Israeli Grantees. For purposes of this Section 6.5.2, unbudgeted or unanticipated items shall include, but not
be limited to, costs associated with natural disasters, storms or pandemics (including, without limitation, COVID-19), foreign exchange
variations, changes in accounting principles or tax laws, material litigation costs that could not have been reasonably anticipated in
the ordinary course of business, costs of severance or other reductions in force, capital markets transactions, restructurings or recapitalizations,
business combinations or consolidations, stock splits or reverse splits, extraordinary special stock dividends, rights offerings, spin-offs,
or similar transactions. 

6.5.3
The Exercise Period of an Award will be ten (10) years from the date of grant of the Award, unless otherwise determined by the Committee
and stated in the Award Agreement, but subject to the vesting provisions described above and the early termination provisions set forth
in Sections 6.6 and 6.7 hereof. At the expiration of the Exercise Period, any Award, or any part thereof, that has not been exercised
within the term of the Award and the Shares covered thereby not paid for in accordance with this Plan and the Award Agreement shall terminate
and become null and void, and all interests and rights of the Grantee in and to the same shall expire. 

6.6
Termination. 

6.6.1
Unless otherwise determined by the Committee, and subject to this Section 6.6 and Section 6.7 hereof, an Award may not be exercised unless
the Grantee has continuously been employed or otherwise providing services to the Company or its Affiliates since the date of grant of
the Award and throughout the vesting dates. 

6.6.2
In the event that the employment or service of a Grantee shall terminate (other than by reason of death, Disability or Retirement), such
that Grantee is no longer actively providing services of any type to either the Company nor any Affiliate thereof, all Awards of such
Grantee that are unvested at the time of such termination shall terminate on the date of such termination, and all Awards of such Grantee
that are vested and exercisable at the time of such termination may be exercised within up to three (3) months after the date of such
termination (or such different period as the Committee shall prescribe), but in any event no later than the date of expiration of the
Award s term as set forth in the Award Agreement or pursuant to this Plan; provided , however , that if the Company
(or the Subsidiary or other Affiliate thereof, as applicable) shall terminate the Grantee s employment or service for Cause (as
defined below) or if at any time during the Exercise Period (whether prior to and after termination of employment or service, and whether
or not the Grantee s employment or service is or has been terminated by either party as a result thereof), facts or circumstances
arise or are discovered with respect to the Grantee that would have constituted Cause, all Awards theretofore granted to such Grantee
(whether vested or not) shall terminate on the date of such termination (or on such subsequent date on which such facts or circumstances
arise or are discovered, as the case may be) unless otherwise determined by the Committee; and any Shares issued upon exercise or (if
applicable) vesting of Awards (including other Shares or securities issued or distributed with respect thereto), whether held by the
Grantee or by the Trustee for the Grantee s benefit, shall be deemed to be irrevocably offered for sale to the Company, any of
its Affiliates or any person designated by the Company to purchase, at the Company s election and subject to Applicable Law, either
for no consideration, for the par value of such Shares (if shares bear a par value) or against payment of the Exercise Price previously
received by the Company for such Shares upon their issuance, as the Committee deems fit, upon written notice to the Grantee at any time
after the Grantee s termination of employment or service. Such Shares or other securities shall be sold and transferred within
30 days from the date of the Company s notice of its election to exercise its right. If the Grantee fails to transfer such Shares
or other securities to the Company, the Company, at the decision of the Committee, shall be entitled to forfeit or repurchase such Shares
and to authorize any person to execute on behalf of the Grantee any document necessary to effect such transfer, whether or not the stock
certificates are surrendered. The Company shall have the right and authority to effect the above either by: (i) repurchasing all of such
Shares or other securities held by the Grantee or by the Trustee for the benefit of the Grantee, or designate any other person who shall
have the right and authority to purchase all of Such Shares or other securities, for the Exercise Price paid for such Shares, the par
value of such Shares (if shares bear a par value) or for no payment or consideration whatsoever, as the Committee deems fit; (ii) forfeiting
all such Shares or other securities; (iii) redeeming all such Shares or other securities, for the Exercise Price paid for such Shares,
the par value of such Shares (if shares bear a par value) or for no payment or consideration whatsoever, as the Committee deems fit;
(iv) taking action in order to have such Shares or other securities converted into deferred stock entitling their holder only to their
par value (if shares bear a par value) upon liquidation of the Company; or (v) taking any other action which may be required in order
to achieve similar results; all as shall be determined by the Committee, at its sole and absolute discretion, and the Grantee is deemed
to irrevocably empower the Company or any person which may be designated by it to take any action by, in the name of or on behalf of
the Grantee to comply with and give effect to such actions (including, voting such stock, filling in, signing and delivering stock powers,
etc.). For clarity, in the event that such Shares are not purchased as set forth above, any subsequent sale or disposition thereof shall
be subject to provisions of this Plan, the Charter Documents and any Stockholders Agreements. 

10 

6.6.3
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, the Committee, in its absolute discretion, may, on such terms and conditions as it may determine
appropriate, extend the periods for which Awards held by any Grantee may continue to vest and be exercisable; it being clarified that
such Awards may lose their entitlement to certain tax benefits under Applicable Law as a result of the modification of such Awards and/or
in the event that the Award is exercised beyond the later of: (i) three (3) months after the date of termination of the employment or
service relationship; or (ii) the applicable period under Section 6.7 below with respect to a termination of the employment or service
relationship because of the death, Disability or Retirement of Grantee. 

6.6.4
For purposes of this Plan: 

6.6.4.1.
A termination of employment or service of a Grantee shall not be deemed to occur (except to the extent required by the Code with respect
to the Incentive Stock Option status of an Option) in case of (i) a transition or transfer of a Grantee among the Company and its Affiliates,
(ii) a change in the capacity in which the Grantee is employed or renders service to the Company or any of its Affiliates or a change
in the identity of the employing or engagement entity among the Company and its Affiliates, provided , in case of (i) and (ii)
above, that the Grantee has remained continuously employed by and/or in the service of the Company and its Affiliates since the date
of grant of the Award and throughout the vesting period; or (iii) if the Grantee takes any unpaid leave as set forth in Section 6.8(i)
below which, in the case of an Incentive Stock Option, does not exceed the maximum time permitted for a leave under Section 8.8 below. 

6.6.4.2.
An entity or an Affiliate thereof assuming an Award or issuing in substitution thereof in a transaction to which Section 424(a) of the
Code applies or in a Merger/Sale in accordance with Section 14 shall be deemed as an Affiliate of the Company for purposes of this Section
6.6, unless the Committee determines otherwise. 

6.6.4.3.
In the case of a Grantee whose principal employer or service recipient is a Subsidiary or other Affiliate thereof, the Grantee s
employment shall also be deemed terminated for purposes of this Section 6.6 as of the date on which such principal employer or service
recipient ceases to be a Subsidiary or other Affiliate thereof. 

6.6.4.4.
The term Cause as a reason for a Grantee s termination of employment shall have the meaning assigned such
term in the employment, severance or similar agreement, if any, between such Grantee and the Company or an Affiliate, provided, however
that if there is no such employment, severance or similar agreement in which such term is defined, and unless otherwise defined in the
applicable Award Agreement any of the following: (i) any theft, fraud, embezzlement, dishonesty, willful misconduct, breach of fiduciary
duty for personal profit, falsification of any documents or records of the Company or any of its Affiliates, felony or similar act by
the Grantee (whether or not related to the Grantee s relationship with the Company); (ii) an act of moral turpitude by the Grantee,
or any act that causes significant injury to, or is otherwise adversely affecting, the reputation, business, assets, operations or business
relationship of the Company (or a Subsidiary or other Affiliate thereof, when applicable); (iii) any breach by the Grantee of any material
agreement with or of any material duty of the Grantee to the Company or any Subsidiary or other Affiliate thereof (including breach of
confidentiality, non-disclosure, non-use non-competition or non-solicitation covenants towards the Company or any of its Affiliates)
or failure to abide by code of conduct or other policies (including, without limitation, policies relating to confidentiality and reasonable
workplace conduct); (iv) any act which constitutes a breach of a Grantee s fiduciary duty towards the Company or a Subsidiary or
other Affiliate thereof, including disclosure of confidential or proprietary information thereof or acceptance or solicitation to receive
unauthorized or undisclosed benefits, irrespective of their nature, or funds, or promises to receive either, from individuals, consultants
or corporate entities with whom the Company or a Subsidiary or other Affiliate thereof does business with; or (v) the Grantee s
unauthorized use, misappropriation, destruction, or diversion of any tangible or intangible asset or corporate opportunity of the Company
or any of its Affiliates (including, without limitation, the improper use or disclosure of confidential or proprietary information).
For the avoidance of doubt, the determination as to whether a termination is for Cause for purposes of this Plan shall be made in good
faith by the Committee and shall be final and binding on the Grantee. 

11 

6.7
 Death, Disability or Retirement of Grantee. 

6.7.1
If a Grantee shall die while employed by, or performing service for, the Company or any of its Affiliates, or within the three (3) month
period (or such longer period of time as determined by the Board, in its discretion) after the date of termination of such Grantee s
employment or service (or within such different period as the Committee may have provided pursuant to Section 6.6 hereof), or if the
Grantee s employment or service with the Company or any of its Affiliates shall terminate by reason of Disability, all Awards theretofore
granted to such Grantee may (to the extent otherwise vested and exercisable and unless earlier terminated in accordance with their terms)
be exercised by the Grantee or by the Grantee s estate or by a person who acquired the legal right to exercise such Awards by bequest
or inheritance, or by a person who acquired the legal right to exercise such Awards in accordance with applicable law in the case of
Disability of the Grantee, as the case may be, at any time within one (1) year (or such longer period of time as determined by the Committee,
in its discretion) after the death or Disability of the Grantee (or such different period as the Committee shall prescribe), but in any
event no later than the date of expiration of the Award s term as set forth in the Award Agreement or pursuant to this Plan. In
the event that an Award granted hereunder shall be exercised as set forth above by any person other than the Grantee, written notice
of such exercise shall be accompanied by a certified copy of letters testamentary or proof satisfactory to the Committee of the right
of such person to exercise such Award. 

6.7.2
In the event that the employment or service of a Grantee shall terminate on account of such Grantee s Retirement, all Awards of
such Grantee that are exercisable at the time of such Retirement may, unless earlier terminated in accordance with their terms, be exercised
at any time within the three (3) month period after the date of such Retirement (or such different period as the Committee shall prescribe). 

6.8.
 Suspension of Vesting . Unless the Committee provides otherwise, vesting of Awards granted hereunder shall be suspended during
any unpaid leave of absence, other than in the case of any (i) leave of absence which was pre-approved by the Company explicitly for
purposes of continuing the vesting of Awards, or (ii) transfers between locations of the Company or any of its Affiliates, or between
the Company and any of its Affiliates, or any respective successor thereof. For clarity, for purposes of this Plan, military leave, statutory
maternity or paternity leave or sick leave are not deemed unpaid leave of absence. 

6.9.
 Securities Law Restrictions . Except as otherwise provided in the applicable Award Agreement or other agreement between the Service
Provider and the Company, if the exercise of an Award following the termination of the Service Provider s employment or service
(other than for Cause) would be prohibited at any time solely because the issuance of Shares would violate the registration requirements
under the Securities Act or equivalent requirements under equivalent laws of other applicable jurisdictions, then the Award shall remain
exercisable and terminate on the earlier of (i) the expiration of a period of three (3) months (or such longer period of time as determined
by the Board, in its discretion) after the termination of the Service Provider s employment or service during which the exercise
of the Award would not be in such violation, or (ii) the expiration of the term of the Award as set forth in the Award Agreement or pursuant
to this Plan. In addition, unless otherwise provided in a Grantee s Award Agreement, if the sale of any Shares received upon exercise
or (if applicable) vesting of an Award following the termination of the Grantee s employment or service (other than for Cause)
would violate the Company s insider trading policy, then the Award shall terminate on the earlier of (i) the expiration of a period
equal to the applicable post-termination exercise period after the termination of the Grantee s employment or service during which
the exercise of the Award would not be in violation of the Company s insider trading policy, or (ii) the expiration of the term
of the Award as set forth in the applicable Award Agreement or pursuant to this Plan. 

12 

6.10.
 Voting Proxy . Until immediately after the listing for trading on a stock exchange or market or trading system of the Company s
(or the Successor Corporation s) stock, the Shares subject to an Award or to be issued pursuant to an Award or any other Securities,
shall, unless otherwise determined by the Committee, be subject to an irrevocable proxy and power of attorney by the Grantee or the Trustee
(if so requested from the Trustee), as the case may be, to the Company, which shall designate such person or persons (with a right of
substitution) from time to time as determined by the Committee (and in the absence of such determination, the Chief Executive Officer
of the Company or the Chairman of the Board, ex officio). The Trustee is deemed to be instructed by the Grantee to sign such proxy, as
requested by the Company. The proxy shall entitle the holder thereof to receive notices, vote and take such other actions in respect
of the Shares or other Securities. Any person holding or exercising such voting proxies shall do so solely in his capacity as the proxy
holder and not individually. All Awards granted hereunder shall be conditioned upon the execution of such irrevocable proxy in substantially
the form prescribed by the Committee from time to time. So long as any such Shares are subject to such irrevocable proxy and power of
attorney or held by a Trustee (and unless a proxy was given by the Trustee as aforesaid), (i) in any stockholders meeting or written
consent in lieu thereof, such Shares shall be voted by the proxy holder (or the Trustee, as applicable), unless directed otherwise by
the Board, in the same proportion as the result of the vote at the stockholders meeting (or written consent in lieu thereof) in
respect of which the Shares are being voted (whether an extraordinary or annual meeting, and whether of the capital stock as one class
or of any class thereof), and (ii) or in any act or consent of stockholders under the Charter Documents, Stockholders Agreements or otherwise,
such Shares shall be cast by the proxy holder (or the Trustee, as applicable), unless directed otherwise by the Board, in the same proportion
as the result of the stockholders act or consent. The provisions of this Section shall apply to the Grantee and to any purchaser,
assignee or transferee of any Shares. 

6.11
 No Repricing . The terms of any outstanding Award may not be amended, and action may not otherwise be taken, in a manner to achieve
a Repricing; provided, however, that nothing herein shall prevent the Committee from taking any action provided for in Section 14 below.
For purposes of this Section 6.2, a Repricing shall mean (i) reducing the exercise price of Nonqualified Stock Options,
Incentive Stock Options or stock appreciation right (collectively, Stock Rights ), (ii) cancel outstanding Stock
Rights in exchange for cash, other Awards or Options or SARs with an exercise price that is less than the exercise price of the original
options or base price of stock appreciation rights, as applicable, (iii) cancel outstanding Stock Rights with an exercise price or base
price, as applicable, that is less than the then current Fair Market Value of a Share in exchange for other Awards, cash or other property;
or (iv) otherwise effect a transaction that would be considered a repricing for purposes of the stockholder approval rules
of the applicable securities exchange or inter-dealer quotation system on which the Shares are listed or quoted without stockholder approval. 

6.12.
 Other Provisions . The Award Agreement evidencing Awards under this Plan shall contain such other terms and conditions not inconsistent
with this Plan as the Committee may determine, at or after the date of grant, including provisions in connection with the restrictions
on transferring the Awards or Shares covered by such Awards, which shall be binding upon the Grantees and any purchaser, assignee or
transferee of any Awards, and other terms and conditions as the Committee shall deem appropriate. 

7.
 NONQUALIFIED STOCK OPTIONS. 

Awards
granted pursuant to this Section 7 are intended to constitute Nonqualified Stock Options and shall be subject to the general terms and
conditions specified in Section 6 hereof and other provisions of this Plan, except for any provisions of this Plan applying to Awards
under different tax laws or regulations. In the event of any inconsistency or contradictions between the provisions of this Section 7
and the other terms of this Plan, this Section 7 shall prevail. 

7.1.
 Certain Limitations on Eligibility for Nonqualified Stock Options . Nonqualified Stock Options may not be granted to a Service
Provider who is deemed to be a resident of the United States for purposes of taxation or who is otherwise subject to United States federal
income tax unless the Shares underlying such Options constitute service recipient stock under Section 409A of the Code
or unless such Options comply with the payment requirements of Section 409A of the Code. 

13 

7.2.
 Exercise Price . The Exercise Price of a Nonqualified Stock Option shall not be less than 100 of the Fair Market Value of a Share
on the date of grant of such Option unless the Committee specifically indicates that the Awards will have a lower Exercise Price and
the Award complies with Section 409A of the Code. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Nonqualified Stock Option may be granted with an exercise
price lower than the minimum exercise price set forth above if such Award is granted pursuant to an assumption or substitution for another
option in a manner qualifying under the provisions of that complies with Section 424(a) of the Code and 1.409A-1(b)(5)(v)(D) of the U.S.
Treasury Regulations or any successor guidance. 

8.
 INCENTIVE STOCK OPTIONS. 

Awards
granted pursuant to this Section 8 are intended to constitute Incentive Stock Options and shall be granted subject to the following special
terms and conditions, the general terms and conditions specified in Section 6 hereof and other provisions of this Plan, except for any
provisions of this Plan applying to Awards under different tax laws or regulations. In the event of any inconsistency or contradictions
between the provisions of this Section 8 and the other terms of this Plan, this Section 8 shall prevail. 

8.1.
 Eligibility for Incentive Stock Options . Incentive Stock Options may be granted only to Employees of the Company, or to Employees
of a Parent or Subsidiary, determined as of the date of grant of such Options. An Incentive Stock Option granted to a prospective Employee
upon the condition that such person become an Employee shall be deemed granted effective on the date such person commences employment,
with an exercise price that is no less the minimum exercise price as determined under Section 8.2 below. 

8.2.
 Exercise Price . The Exercise Price of an Incentive Stock Option shall not be less than one hundred percent (100 of the Fair
Market Value of the Shares covered by the Awards on the date of grant of such Option or such other price as may be determined pursuant
to the Code. Notwithstanding the foregoing, an Incentive Stock Option may be granted with an exercise price lower than the minimum exercise
price set forth above if such Award is granted pursuant to an assumption or substitution for another option in a manner that complies
with the provisions of Section 424(a) of the Code. 

8.3.
 Date of Grant . Notwithstanding any other provision of this Plan to the contrary, no Incentive Stock Option may be granted under
this Plan after 10 years from the date this Plan is adopted, or the date this Plan is approved by the stockholders, whichever is earlier. 

8.4.
 Exercise Period . No Incentive Stock Option shall be exercisable after the expiration of ten (10) years after the effective date
of grant of such Award, subject to Section 8.6. No Incentive Stock Option granted to a prospective Employee may become exercisable prior
to the date on which such person commences employment. 

8.5.
 100,000 Per Year Limitation . The aggregate Fair Market Value (determined as of the date the Incentive Stock Option is granted)
of the Shares with respect to which all Incentive Stock Options granted under this Plan and all other incentive stock option 
plans of the Company, or of any Parent or Subsidiary or other Affiliate thereof, become exercisable for the first time by each Grantee
during any calendar year shall not exceed one hundred thousand United States dollars 100,000) with respect to such Grantee. To the
extent that the aggregate Fair Market Value of Shares with respect to which such Incentive Stock Options and any other such incentive
stock options are exercisable for the first time by any Grantee during any calendar year exceeds one hundred thousand United States dollars 100,000), such options shall be treated as Nonqualified Stock Options. The foregoing shall be applied by taking options into account
in the order in which they were granted. If the Code is amended to provide for a different limitation from that set forth in this Section
8.5, such different limitation shall be deemed incorporated herein effective as of the date and with respect to such Awards as required
or permitted by such amendment to the Code. If an Option is treated as an Incentive Stock Option in part and as a Nonqualified Stock
Option in part by reason of the limitation set forth in this Section 8.5, the Grantee may designate which portion of such Option the
Grantee is exercising. In the absence of such designation, the Grantee shall be deemed to have exercised the Incentive Stock Option portion
of the Option first. Separate certificates representing each such portion may be issued upon the exercise of the Option. 

8.6.
 Ten Percent Stockholder . In the case of an Incentive Stock Option granted to a Ten Percent Stockholder, (i) the Exercise Price
shall not be less than one hundred and ten percent (110 of the Fair Market Value of a Share on the date of grant of such Incentive
Stock Option, and (ii) the Exercise Period shall not exceed five (5) years from the effective date of grant of such Incentive Stock Option. 

14 

8.7.
 Payment of Exercise Price . Each Award Agreement evidencing an Incentive Stock Option shall state each alternative method by which
the Exercise Price thereof may be paid. 

8.8.
 Leave of Absence . Notwithstanding Section 6.8, a Grantee s employment shall not be deemed to have terminated if the Grantee
takes any leave as set forth in Section 6.8(i); provided , however , that if any such leave exceeds three (3) months, on
the day that is six (6) months following the commencement of such leave any Incentive Stock Option held by the Grantee shall cease to
be treated as an Incentive Stock Option and instead shall be treated thereafter as a Nonqualified Stock Option, unless the Grantee s
right to return to employment is guaranteed by statute or contract. 

8.9.
 Exercise Following Termination . Notwithstanding anything else in this Plan to the contrary, Incentive Stock Options that are not
exercised within three (3) months following termination of the Grantee s employment with the Company or its Parent or Subsidiary
or a corporation (or a parent or subsidiary of such corporation) issuing or assuming an Option of such Grantee in a transaction to which
Section 424(a) of the Code applies, or within one year in case of termination of the Grantee s employment with the Company or its
Parent or Subsidiary due to a Disability (within the meaning of Section 22(e)(3) of the Code), shall be deemed to be Nonqualified Stock
Options. 

8.10.
 Notice to Company of Disqualifying Disposition . Each Grantee who receives an Incentive Stock Option must agree to notify the Company
in writing immediately after the Grantee makes a Disqualifying Disposition of any Shares received pursuant to the exercise of Incentive
Stock Options. A Disqualifying Disposition is any disposition (including any sale) of such Shares before the later
of (i) two years after the date the Grantee was granted the Incentive Stock Option, or (ii) one year after the date the Grantee acquired
Shares by exercising the Incentive Stock Option. If the Grantee dies before such Shares are sold, these holding period requirements do
not apply and no disposition of the Shares will be deemed a Disqualifying Disposition. 

9.
 102 AWARDS. 

Awards
granted pursuant to this Section 9 are intended to constitute 102 Awards and shall be granted subject to the following special terms
and conditions, the general terms and conditions specified in Section 6 hereof and other provisions of this Plan, except for any provisions
of this Plan applying to Awards under different tax laws or regulations. In the event of any inconsistency or contradictions between
the provisions of this Section 9 and the other terms of this Plan, this Section 9 shall prevail. 

9.1.
 Tracks . Awards granted pursuant to this Section 9 are intended to be granted pursuant to Section 102 of the Ordinance pursuant
to either (i) Section 102(b)(2) or (3) thereof (as applicable), under the capital gain track 102 Capital Gain Track Awards ),
or (ii) Section 102(b)(1) thereof under the ordinary income track 102 Ordinary Income Track Awards , and together
with 102 Capital Gain Track Awards, 102 Trustee Awards ). 102 Trustee Awards shall be granted subject to the special
terms and conditions contained in this Section 9, the general terms and conditions specified in Section 6 hereof and other provisions
of this Plan, except for any provisions of this Plan applying to Options under different tax laws or regulations. 

9.2.
 Election of Track . Subject to Applicable Law, the Company may grant only one type of 102 Trustee Awards at any given time to all
Grantees who are to be granted 102 Trustee Awards pursuant to this Plan, and shall file an election with the ITA regarding the type of
102 Trustee Awards it elects to grant before the date of grant of any 102 Trustee Awards (the Election ). Such Election
shall also apply to any other securities, including bonus shares, received by any Grantee as a result of holding the 102 Trustee Awards.
The Company may change the type of 102 Trustee Awards that it elects to grant only after the expiration of at least 12 months from the
end of the year in which the first grant was made in accordance with the previous Election, or as otherwise provided by Applicable Law.
Any Election shall not prevent the Company from granting Awards, pursuant to Section 102(c) of the Ordinance without a Trustee 102
Non-Trustee Awards ). 

15 

9.3
 Eligibility for Awards . 

9.3.1
Subject to Applicable Law, 102 Awards may only be granted to an employee within the meaning of Section 102(a) of the Ordinance
(which as of the date of the adoption of this Plan means (i) individuals employed by any Israeli company that is an Affiliate of the
Company, and (ii) individuals who are serving and are engaged personally (and not through an entity) as office holders 
by such an Israeli company), but may not be granted to a Controlling Stockholder Eligible 102 Grantees ). Eligible
102 Grantees may receive only 102 Awards, which may either be granted to a Trustee or granted under Section 102 of the Ordinance without
a Trustee. 

9.4
 102 Award Grant Date . 

9.4.1
Each 102 Award will be deemed granted on the date determined by the Committee, subject to Section 9.4.2, provided that (i) the
Grantee has signed all documents required by the Company or pursuant to Applicable Law, and (ii) with respect to 102 Trustee Award, the
Company has provided all applicable documents to the Trustee in accordance with the guidelines published by the ITA, and if an agreement
is not signed and delivered by the Grantee within 90 days from the date determined by the Committee (subject to Section 9.4.2), then
such 102 Trustee Award shall be deemed granted on such later date as such agreement is signed and delivered and on which the Company
has provided all applicable documents to the Trustee in accordance with the guidelines published by the ITA. In the case of any contradiction,
this provision and the date of grant determined pursuant hereto shall supersede and be deemed to amend any date of grant indicated in
any corporate resolution or Award Agreement. 

9.4.2
Unless otherwise permitted by the Ordinance, any grants of 102 Trustee Awards that are made on or after the date of the adoption of this
Plan or an amendment to this Plan, as the case may be, that may become effective only at the expiration of thirty (30) days after the
filing of this Plan or any amendment thereof (as the case may be) with the ITA in accordance with the Ordinance shall be conditional
upon the expiration of such 30-day period, such condition shall be read and is incorporated by reference into any corporate resolutions
approving such grants and into any Award Agreement evidencing such grants (whether or not explicitly referring to such condition), and
the date of grant shall be at the expiration of such 30-day period, whether or not the date of grant indicated therein corresponds with
this Section. In the case of any contradiction, this provision and the date of grant determined pursuant hereto shall supersede and be
deemed to amend any date of grant indicated in any corporate resolution or Award Agreement. 

9.5.
 102 Trustee Awards . 

9.5.1
Each 102 Trustee Award, each Share issued pursuant to the exercise of any 102 Trustee Award, and any rights granted thereunder, including
bonus shares, shall be issued to and registered in the name of the Trustee and shall be held in trust for the benefit of the Grantee
for the requisite period prescribed by the Ordinance or such longer period as set by the Committee (the Required Holding Period ).
In the event that the requirements under Section 102 of the Ordinance to qualify an Award as a 102 Trustee Award are not met, then the
Award may be treated as a 102 Non-Trustee Award or 3(9) Award, all in accordance with the provisions of the Ordinance. After expiration
of the Required Holding Period, the Trustee may release such 102 Trustee Awards and any such Shares, provided that (i) the Trustee
has received an acknowledgment from the ITA that the Grantee has paid any applicable taxes due pursuant to the Ordinance, or (ii) the
Trustee and/or the Company and/or its Affiliate withholds all applicable taxes and compulsory payments due pursuant to the Ordinance
arising from the 102 Trustee Awards and/or any Shares issued upon exercise or (if applicable) vesting of such 102 Trustee Awards. The
Trustee shall not release any 102 Trustee Awards or Shares issued upon exercise or (if applicable) vesting thereof prior to the payment
in full of the Grantee s tax and compulsory payments arising from such 102 Trustee Awards and/or Shares or the withholding referred
to in (ii) above. 

9.5.2
Each 102 Trustee Award shall be subject to the relevant terms of the Ordinance, the Rules and any determinations, rulings or approvals
issued by the ITA, which shall be deemed an integral part of the 102 Trustee Awards and shall prevail over any term contained in this
Plan or Award Agreement that is not consistent therewith. Any provision of the Ordinance, the Rules and any determinations, rulings or
approvals by the ITA not expressly specified in this Plan or Award Agreement that are necessary to receive or maintain any tax benefit
pursuant to Section 102 of the Ordinance shall be binding on the Grantee. The Grantee granted a 102 Trustee Awards shall comply with
the Ordinance and the terms and conditions of the trust agreement entered into between the Company and the Trustee. The Grantee shall
execute any and all documents that the Company and/or its Affiliates and/or the Trustee determine from time to time to be necessary in
order to comply with the Ordinance and the Rules. 

16 

9.5.3
During the Required Holding Period, the Grantee shall not release from trust or sell, assign, transfer or give as collateral, the Shares
issuable upon the exercise or (if applicable) vesting of a 102 Trustee Awards and/or any securities issued or distributed with respect
thereto, until the expiration of the Required Holding Period. Notwithstanding the above, if any such sale, release or other action occurs
during the Required Holding Period it may result in adverse tax consequences to the Grantee under Section 102 of the Ordinance and the
Rules, which shall apply to and shall be borne solely by such Grantee. Subject to the foregoing, the Trustee may, pursuant to a written
request from the Grantee, but subject to the terms of this Plan, release and transfer such Shares to a designated third party, provided
 that both of the following conditions have been fulfilled prior to such release or transfer: (i) payment has been made to the ITA
of all taxes and compulsory payments required to be paid upon the release and transfer of the Shares, and confirmation of such payment
has been received by the Trustee and the Company, and (ii) the Trustee has received written confirmation from the Company that all requirements
for such release and transfer have been fulfilled according to the terms of the Company s corporate documents, any agreement governing
the Shares, this Plan, the Award Agreement and any Applicable Law. 

9.5.4
If a 102 Trustee Award is exercised or (if applicable) vested, the Shares issued upon such exercise or (if applicable) vesting shall
be issued in the name of the Trustee for the benefit of the Grantee. 

9.5.5
Upon or after receipt of a 102 Trustee Award, if required, the Grantee may be required to sign an undertaking to release the Trustee
from any liability with respect to any action or decision duly taken and executed in good faith by the Trustee in relation to this Plan,
or any 102 Trustee Awards or Share granted to such Grantee thereunder. 

9.6.
 102 Non-Trustee Awards . The foregoing provisions of this Section 9 relating to 102 Trustee Awards shall not apply with respect
to 102 Non-Trustee Awards, which shall, however, be subject to the relevant provisions of Section 102 of the Ordinance and the applicable
Rules. The Committee may determine that 102 Non-Trustee Awards, the Shares issuable upon the exercise or (if applicable) vesting of a
102 Non-Trustee Awards and/or any securities issued or distributed with respect thereto, shall be allocated or issued to the Trustee,
who shall hold such 102 Non-Trustee Awards and all accrued rights thereon (if any), in trust for the benefit of the Grantee and/or the
Company, as the case may be, until the full payment of tax arising from the 102 Non-Trustee Awards, the Shares issuable upon the exercise
or (if applicable) vesting of a 102 Non-Trustee Awards and/or any securities issued or distributed with respect thereto. The Company
may choose, alternatively, to force the Grantee to provide it with a guarantee or other security, to the satisfaction of each of the
Trustee and the Company, until the full payment of the applicable taxes. 

9.7.
 Written Grantee Undertaking . To the extent and with respect to any 102 Trustee Award, and as required by Section 102 of the Ordinance
and the Rules, by virtue of the receipt of such Award, the Grantee is deemed to have undertaken and confirm in writing the following
(and such undertaking is deemed incorporated into any documents signed by the Grantee in connection with the employment or service of
the Grantee and/or the grant of such Award). The following written undertaking shall be deemed to apply and relate to all 102 Trustee
Awards granted to the Grantee, whether under this Plan or other plans maintained by the Company, and whether prior to or after the date
hereof. 

9.7.1
The Grantee shall comply with all terms and conditions set forth in Section 102 of the Ordinance with regard to the Capital Gain
Track or the Ordinary Income Track , as applicable, and the applicable rules and regulations promulgated thereunder,
as amended from time to time; 

9.7.2
The Grantee is familiar with, and understands the provisions of, Section 102 of the Ordinance in general, and the tax arrangement under
the Capital Gain Track or the Ordinary Income Track in particular, and its tax consequences; the Grantee
agrees that the 102 Trustee Awards and Shares that may be issued upon exercise or (if applicable) vesting of the 102 Trustee Awards (or
otherwise in relation to the 102 Trustee Awards), will be held by a trustee appointed pursuant to Section 102 of the Ordinance for at
least the duration of the Holding Period (as such term is defined in Section 102) under the Capital Gain Track 
or the Ordinary Income Track , as applicable. The Grantee understands that any release of such 102 Trustee Awards or Shares
from trust, or any sale of the Share prior to the termination of the Holding Period, as defined above, will result in taxation at marginal
tax rate, in addition to deductions of appropriate social security, health tax contributions or other compulsory payments; and 

17 

9.7.3
The Grantee agrees to the trust deed signed between the Company, his employing company and the trustee appointed pursuant to Section
102 of the Ordinance. 

10.
 3(9) AWARDS. 

Awards
granted pursuant to this Section 10 are intended to constitute 3(9) Awards and shall be granted subject to the general terms and conditions
specified in Section 6 hereof and other provisions of this Plan, except for any provisions of this Plan applying to Awards under different
tax laws or regulations. In the event of any inconsistency or contradictions between the provisions of this Section 10 and the other
terms of this Plan, this Section 10 shall prevail. 

10.1.
To the extent required by the Ordinance or the ITA or otherwise deemed by the Committee to be advisable, the 3(9) Awards and/or any shares
or other securities issued or distributed with respect thereto granted pursuant to this Plan shall be issued to a Trustee nominated by
the Committee in accordance with the provisions of the Ordinance. In such event, the Trustee shall hold such Awards and/or any shares
or other securities issued or distributed with respect thereto in trust, until exercised or (if applicable) vested by the Grantee and
the full payment of tax arising therefrom, pursuant to the Company s instructions from time to time as set forth in a trust agreement,
which will have been entered into between the Company and the Trustee. If determined by the Board or the Committee, and subject to such
trust agreement, the Trustee shall be responsible for withholding any taxes to which a Grantee may become liable upon issuance of Shares,
whether due to the exercise or (if applicable) vesting of Awards. 

10.2.
Shares pursuant to a 3(9) Award shall not be issued, unless the Grantee delivers to the Company payment in cash or by bank check or such
other form acceptable to the Committee of all withholding taxes due, if any, on account of the Grantee acquired Shares under the Award
or gives other assurance satisfactory to the Committee of the payment of those withholding taxes. 

11.
 RESTRICTED STOCK. 

The
Committee may award Restricted Stock to any eligible Grantee, including under Section 102 of the Ordinance. Each Award of Restricted
Stock under this Plan shall be evidenced by a written agreement between the Company and the Grantee (the Restricted Stock Agreement ),
in such form as the Committee shall from time to time approve. The Restricted Stock shall be subject to all applicable terms of this
Plan, which in the case of Restricted Stock granted under Section 102 of the Ordinance shall include Section 9 hereof, and may be subject
to any other terms that are not inconsistent with this Plan. The provisions of the various Restricted Stock Agreements entered into under
this Plan need not be identical. The Restricted Stock Agreement shall comply with and be subject to Section 6 and the following terms
and conditions, unless otherwise specifically provided in such Agreement and not inconsistent with this Plan or Applicable Law: 

11.1.
 Purchase Price . Each Restricted Stock Agreement shall state the amount, if any, to be paid by the Grantee, if any, in consideration
for the issuance of the Restricted Stock and the terms of payment thereof, which may include payment in cash or, subject to the Committee s
approval, by issuance of promissory notes or other evidence of indebtedness (prior to the Company becoming publicly held) on such terms
and conditions as determined by the Committee. 

18 

11.2.
 Restrictions . Restricted Stock may not be sold, assigned, transferred, pledged, hypothecated or otherwise disposed of, except
by will or the laws of descent and distribution (in which case they shall be transferred subject to all restrictions then or thereafter
applicable thereto), until such Restricted Stock shall have vested (the period from the date on which the Award is granted until the
date of vesting of the Restricted Stock thereunder being referred to herein as the Restricted Period ). The Committee
may also impose such additional or alternative restrictions and conditions on the Restricted Stock, as it deems appropriate, including
the satisfaction of performance criteria. Such performance criteria may include, but are not limited to, sales, earnings before interest
and taxes, return on investment, earnings per share, any combination of the foregoing or rate of growth of any of the foregoing, as determined
by the Committee or pursuant to the provisions of any Company policy required under mandatory provisions of Applicable Law. Certificates
for shares issued pursuant to Restricted Stock Awards, if issued, shall bear an appropriate legend referring to such restrictions, and
any attempt to dispose of any such shares in contravention of such restrictions shall be null and void and without effect. Such certificates
may, if so determined by the Committee, be held in escrow by an escrow agent appointed by the Committee, or, if a Restricted Stock Award
is made pursuant to Section 102 of the Ordinance, by the Trustee. In determining the Restricted Period of an Award the Committee may
provide that the foregoing restrictions shall lapse with respect to specified percentages of the awarded Restricted Stock on successive
anniversaries of the date of such Award. To the extent required by the Ordinance or the ITA, the Restricted Stock issued pursuant to
Section 102 of the Ordinance shall be issued to the Trustee in accordance with the provisions of the Ordinance and the Restricted Stock
shall be held for the benefit of the Grantee for at least the Required Holding Period. 

11.3.
 Forfeiture; Repurchase . Subject to such exceptions as may be determined by the Committee, if the Grantee s continuous employment
with or service to the Company or any Affiliate thereof shall terminate (such that Grantee is no longer a Service Provider of neither
the Company nor any Affiliate thereof) for any reason prior to the expiration of the Restricted Period of an Award or prior to the timely
payment in full of the Exercise Price of any restricted Stock, any Restricted Stock remaining subject to vesting or with respect to which
the purchase price has not been paid in full, shall thereupon be forfeited, transferred to, and redeemed, repurchased or cancelled by,
as the case may be, in any manner as set forth in Section 6.6.2(i) through (v), subject to Applicable Law and the Grantee shall have
no further rights with respect to such Restricted Stock. 

11.4.
 Ownership . During the Restricted Period the Grantee shall possess all incidents of ownership of such Restricted Stock, subject
to Section 6.10 and Section 11.2, including the right to vote and receive dividends with respect to such Shares. All securities, if any,
received by a Grantee with respect to Restricted Stock as a result of any stock split, stock dividend, combination of shares, or other
similar transaction shall be subject to the restrictions applicable to the original Award. 

12.
 RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS. 

An
RSU is an Award covering a number of Shares that is settled, if vested, by issuance of those Shares. An RSU may be awarded to any eligible
Grantee, including under Section 102 of the Ordinance. The Award Agreement relating to the grant of RSUs under this Plan (the Restricted
Stock Unit Agreement ), shall be in such form as the Committee shall from time to time approve. The RSUs shall be subject to
all applicable terms of this Plan, which in the case of RSUs granted under Section 102 of the Ordinance shall include Section 9 hereof,
and may be subject to any other terms that are not inconsistent with this Plan. The provisions of the various Restricted Stock Unit Agreements
entered into under this Plan need not be identical. RSUs may be granted in consideration of a reduction in the recipient s other
compensation. 

12.1.
 Exercise Price . No payment of Exercise Price shall be required as consideration for RSUs, unless included in the Award Agreement
or as required by Applicable Law, and Section 6.4 shall apply, if applicable. 

12.2.
 Stockholders Rights . The Grantee shall not possess or own any ownership rights in the Shares underlying the RSUs and no
rights as a stockholder shall exist prior to the actual issuance of Shares in the name of the Grantee. 

12.3.
 Settlements of Awards . Settlement of vested RSUs shall be made in the form of Shares, unless determined otherwise by the Committee.
Distribution to a Grantee of an amount (or amounts) from settlement of vested RSUs can be deferred to a date after vesting as determined
by the Committee. The amount of a deferred distribution may be increased by an interest factor or by dividend equivalents. Until the
grant of RSUs is settled, the number of Shares underlying such RSUs shall be subject to adjustment pursuant hereto. 

19 

12.4.
 Section 409A Restrictions . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein, any RSUs granted under this Plan that are
not exempt from the requirements of Section 409A of the Code shall contain such restrictions or other provisions so that such RSUs will
comply with the requirements of Section 409A of the Code, if applicable to the Company. Such restrictions, if any, shall be determined
by the Committee and contained in the Restricted Stock Unit Agreement evidencing such RSU. For example, such restrictions may include
a requirement that any Shares that are to be issued in a year following the year in which the RSU vests must be issued in accordance
with a fixed, pre-determined schedule. 

13.
 OTHER SHARE OR SHARE-BASED AWARDS. 

13.1.
The Committee may grant other Awards under this Plan pursuant to which Shares (which may, but need not, be Restricted Stock pursuant
to Section 11 hereof), cash (in settlement of Share-based Awards) or a combination thereof, are or may in the future be acquired or received,
or Awards denominated in stock units, including units valued on the basis of measures other than market value. 

13.2.
The Committee may also grant stock appreciation rights without the grant of an accompanying option, which rights shall permit the Grantees
to receive, at the time of any exercise of such rights, cash equal to the amount by which the Fair Market Value of the Shares in respect
to which the right was granted is so exercised exceed the exercise price thereof. The base price of any such stock appreciation right
granted to a Grantee who is subject to U.S. federal income tax shall be determined in compliance with Section 7.2. 

13.3.
Such other Share-based Awards as set forth above may be granted alone, in addition to, or in tandem with any Award of any type granted
under this Plan. 

14.
 EFFECT OF CERTAIN CHANGES. 

14.1.
 General . In the event of a division or subdivision of the outstanding capital stock of the Company, any distribution of bonus
shares (stock split), consolidation or combination of capital stock of the Company (reverse stock split), reclassification with respect
to the Shares or any similar recapitalization events (each, a Recapitalization ), a merger (including, a reverse
merger and a reverse triangular merger), consolidation, amalgamation or like transaction of the Company with or into another corporation,
a reorganization (which may include a combination or exchange of shares, spin-off or other corporate divestiture or division, extraordinary
dividend or other similar occurrences, the Committee shall make, without the need for a consent of any holder of an Award, such adjustments
as determined by the Committee to be appropriate, in its discretion, in order to adjust (i) the number and class of stock reserved and
available for grants of Awards, (ii) the number and class of stock covered by outstanding Awards, (iii) the Exercise Price per share
covered by any Award, (iv) the terms and conditions concerning vesting and exercisability and the term and duration of the outstanding
Awards, and (v) any other terms of the Award that in the opinion of the Committee should be adjusted. Any fractional shares resulting
from such adjustment shall be treated as determined by the Committee, and in the absence of such determination shall be rounded to the
nearest whole share, and the Company shall have no obligation to make any cash or other payment with respect to such fractional shares.
No adjustment shall be made by reason of the distribution of subscription rights or rights offering to outstanding stock or other issuance
of stock by the Company, unless the Committee determines otherwise. The adjustments determined pursuant to this Section 14.1 (including
a determination that no adjustment is to be made) shall be final, binding and conclusive. 

14.2.
 Merger/Sale of Company . In the event of (i) a sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company, or a sale (including
an exchange) of all or substantially all of the stock of the Company, to any person, or a purchase by a stockholder of the Company or
by an Affiliate of such stockholder, of all the stock of the Company held by all or substantially all other stockholders or by other
stockholders who are not Affiliated with such acquiring party; (ii) a merger (including, a reverse merger and a reverse triangular merger),
consolidation, amalgamation or like transaction of the Company with or into another corporation; (iii) completion of a scheme or arrangement
for the purpose of effecting such sale, merger, consolidation, amalgamation or other transaction; (iv) approval by the stockholders of
the Company of a complete liquidation or dissolution of the Company, or (v) such other transaction or set of circumstances that is determined
by the Board, in its discretion, to be a transaction subject to the provisions of this Section 14.2 excluding any of the above transactions
in clauses (i) through (v) if the Board determines that such transaction should be excluded from the definition hereof and the applicability
of this Section 14.2 (such transaction, a Merger/Sale ), then, without derogating from the general authority and
power of the Board or the Committee under this Plan, without the Grantee s consent and action and without any prior notice requirement: 

14.2.1
Unless otherwise determined by the Committee in its sole and absolute discretion, any Award then outstanding shall be assumed or be substituted
by the Company, or by the successor corporation in such Merger/Sale or by any parent or Affiliate thereof, as determined by the Committee
in its discretion (the Successor Corporation ), under terms as determined by the Committee or the terms of this Plan
applied by the Successor Corporation to such assumed or substituted Awards. 

20 

For
the purposes of this Section 14.2.1, the Award shall be considered assumed or substituted if, following a Merger/Sale, the Award confers
on the holder thereof the right to purchase or receive, for each Share underlying an Award immediately prior to the Merger/Sale, either
(i) the consideration (whether stock, cash, or other securities or property, or any combination thereof) distributed to or received by
holders of Shares in the Merger/Sale for each Share held on the effective date of the Merger/Sale (and if holders were offered a choice
or several types of consideration, the type of consideration as determined by the Committee), or (ii) regardless of the consideration
received by the holders of Shares in the Merger/Sale, solely shares or any type of Awards (or their equivalent) of the Successor Corporation
at a value to be determined by the Committee in its discretion, or a certain type of consideration (whether stock, cash, or other securities
or property, or any combination thereof) as determined by the Committee. Any of the above consideration referred to in clauses (i) and
(ii) shall be subject to the same vesting and expiration terms of the Awards applying immediately prior to the Merger/Sale, unless determined
by the Committee in its discretion that the consideration shall be subject to different vesting and expiration terms, or other terms,
and the Committee may determine that it be subject to other or additional terms. The foregoing shall not limit the Committee s
authority to determine, in its sole discretion, that in lieu of such assumption or substitution of Awards for Awards of the Successor
Corporation, such Award will be substituted for any other type of asset or property, including as set forth in Section 14.2.2 hereunder. 

14.2.2
Regardless of whether or not Awards are assumed or substituted, the Committee may (but shall not be obligated to), in its sole discretion: 

14.2.2.1.
provide for the Grantee to have the right to exercise the Award in respect of Shares covered by the Award which would otherwise be exercisable
or vested, under such terms and conditions as the Committee shall determine, and the cancellation of all unexercised Awards (whether
vested or unvested) upon or immediately prior to the closing of the Merger/Sale, unless the Committee provides for the Grantee to have
the right to exercise the Award, or otherwise for the acceleration of vesting of such Award, as to all or part of the Shares covered
by the Award which would not otherwise be exercisable or vested, under such terms and conditions as the Committee shall determine; and/or 

14.2.2.2.
provide for the cancellation of each outstanding Award at or immediately prior to the closing of such Merger/Sale, and if and to what
extent payment shall be made to the Grantee of an amount in cash, in stock of the Company, in capital stock of the acquirer or of a corporation
or other business entity which is a party to the Merger/Sale, or in other property, as determined by the Committee to be fair in the
circumstances, and subject to such terms and conditions as determined by the Committee. The Committee shall have full authority to select
the method for determining the payment, which may be to provide that payment shall be set to zero if the value of the Shares is determined
to be less than the Exercise Price and that payment may only be made in excess of the Exercise Price, in each case without the Grantee s
consent. 

14.2.3
The Committee may, in its sole discretion, determine: (i) that any payments made in respect of Awards shall be made or delayed to the
same extent that payment of consideration to the holders of the Shares in connection with the Merger/Sale is made or delayed as a result
of escrows, indemnification, earn outs, holdbacks or any other contingencies or conditions; and (ii) the terms and conditions applying
to the payment made to the Grantees, including participation in escrow, indemnification, releases, earn-outs, holdbacks or any other
contingencies, subject to the provisions of Section 409A of the Code with respect to Grantees subject to U.S. taxation. 

14.2.4
The Committee may, in its sole discretion, determine to suspend the Grantee s rights to exercise any vested portion of an Award
for a period of time prior to the signing or consummation of a Merger/Sale transaction. 

21 

14.2.5
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, in the event of a Merger/Sale, the Committee may determine, in its sole discretion, that upon
consummation of such Merger/Sale the terms of any Award shall be otherwise amended, modified or terminated, as the Committee shall deem
in good faith to be appropriate and without any liability to the Company or its Affiliates or to its or their respective officers, directors,
employees and representatives and the respective successors and assigns of any of the foregoing in connection with the method of treatment
or chosen course of action permitted hereunder. 

14.2.6
Neither the authorities and powers of the Committee under this Section 14.2, nor the exercise or implementation thereof, shall (i) be
restricted or limited in any way by any adverse consequences (tax or otherwise) that may result to any holder of an Award, and (ii) as,
 inter alia , being a feature of the Award upon its grant, be deemed to constitute a change or an amendment of the rights of such
holder under this Plan, nor shall any such adverse consequences (as well as any adverse tax consequences that may result from any tax
ruling or other approval or determination of any relevant tax authority) be deemed to constitute a change or an amendment of the rights
of such holder under this Plan, and may be effected without consent of any Grantee and without any liability to the Company or its Affiliates
or to its or their respective officers, directors, employees and representatives and the respective successors and assigns of any of
the foregoing. The Committee need not take the same action with respect to all Awards or with respect to all Service Providers. The Committee
may take different actions with respect to the vested and unvested portions of an Award. The Committee may determine an amount or type
of consideration to be received or distributed in a Merger/Sale which may differ as among the Grantees, and as between the Grantees and
any other holders of stock of the Company. 

14.2.7
The Committee s determinations pursuant to this Section 14 shall be conclusive and binding on all Grantees. 

14.2.8
If determined by the Committee, the Grantees shall be subject to the definitive agreement(s) in connection with the Merger/Sale as applying
to holders of Shares including, such terms, conditions, representations, undertakings, liabilities, limitations, releases, indemnities,
participating in transaction expenses, shareholders/sellers representative expense fund and escrow arrangement, in each case as determined
by the Committee. Each Grantee shall execute such separate agreement(s) or instruments as may be requested by the Company, the Successor
Corporation or the acquirer in connection with such in such Merger/Sale and in the form required by them. The execution of such separate
agreement(s) may be a condition to the receipt of assumed or substituted Awards, payment in lieu of the Award or the exercise of any
Award. 

14.3.
 Reservation of Rights . Except as expressly provided in this Section 14 (if any), the Grantee of an Award hereunder shall have
no rights by reason of any Recapitalization of stock of any class, any increase or decrease in the number of stock of any class, or any
dissolution, liquidation, reorganization (which may include a combination or exchange of stock, spin-off or other corporate divestiture
or division, or other similar occurrences), Merger/Sale. Any issue by the Company of stock of any class, or securities convertible into
shares of stock of any class, shall not affect, and no adjustment by reason thereof shall be made with respect to, the number, type or
price of stock subject to an Award. The grant of an Award pursuant to this Plan shall not affect in any way the right or power of the
Company to make adjustments, reclassifications, reorganizations or changes of its capital or business structures or to merge or to consolidate
or to dissolve, liquidate or sell, or transfer all or part of its business or assets or engage in any similar transactions. 

14.4
Substitute Awards. The Committee may grant Awards under the Plan in substitution for stock and stock-based awards held by persons providing
services to another entity who become Service Providers of the Company or an Affiliate as a result of a merger or consolidation of such
former entity with the Company or an Affiliate or the acquisition by the Company or an Affiliate of property or stock of the former entity.
The Committee may direct that the substitute awards be granted on such terms and conditions as the Committee considers appropriate in
the circumstances. 

22 

15.
 NON-TRANSFERABILITY OF AWARDS; SURVIVING BENEFICIARY. 

15.1.
All Awards granted under this Plan by their terms shall not be transferable other than by will or by the laws of descent and distribution,
unless otherwise determined by the Committee or under this Plan, provided that with respect to Shares issued upon exercise or (if applicable)
the vesting of Awards the restrictions on transfer shall be the restrictions referred to in Section 16 (Conditions upon Issuance of Shares)
hereof. Subject to the above provisions, the terms of such Award, this Plan and any applicable Award Agreement shall be binding upon
the beneficiaries, executors, administrators, heirs and successors of such Grantee. Awards may be exercised or otherwise realized, during
the lifetime of the Grantee, only by the Grantee or by his guardian or legal representative, to the extent provided for herein. Any transfer
of an Award not permitted hereunder (including transfers pursuant to any decree of divorce, dissolution or separate maintenance, any
property settlement, any separation agreement or any other agreement with a spouse) and any grant of any interest in any Award to, or
creation in any way of any direct or indirect interest in any Award by, any party other than the Grantee shall be null and void and shall
not confer upon any party or person, other than the Grantee, any rights. To the extent permitted by the Committee, the Grantee may file
with the Company a written designation of a beneficiary, who shall be permitted to exercise such Grantee s Award or to whom any
benefit under this Plan is to be paid, in each case, in the event of the Grantee s death before he or she fully exercises his or
her Award or receives any or all of such benefit, on such form as may be prescribed by the Committee and may, from time to time, amend
or revoke such designation. If there is no permitted designated beneficiary who survives the Grantee, the executor or administrator of
the Grantee s estate shall be deemed to be the Grantee s beneficiary. Notwithstanding the foregoing, upon the request of
the Grantee and subject to Applicable Law the Committee, at its sole discretion, may permit the Grantee to transfer the Award to a trust
whose beneficiaries are the Grantee and/or the Grantee s immediate family members (all or several of them). 

15.2.
Notwithstanding any other provisions of the Plan to the contrary, no Incentive Stock Option may be sold, transferred, pledged, assigned
or otherwise alienated or hypothecated, other than by will or by the laws of descent and distribution or in accordance with a beneficiary
designation pursuant to Section 15.1. Further, all Incentive Stock Options granted to a Grantee shall be exercisable during his or her
lifetime only by such Grantee. 

15.3.
As long as the Shares are held by the Trustee in favor of the Grantee, all rights possessed by the Grantee over the Shares are personal,
and may not be transferred, assigned, pledged or mortgaged, other than by will or laws of descent and distribution. 

15.4.
If and to the extent a Grantee is entitled to transfer an Award and/or Shares underlying an Award in accordance with the terms of the
Plan and any other applicable agreements, such transfer shall be subject (in addition, to any other conditions or terms applying thereto)
to receipt by the Company from such proposed transferee of a written instrument, on a form reasonably acceptable to the Company, pursuant
to which such proposed transferee agrees to be bound by all provisions of the Plan and any other applicable agreements, including without
limitation, any restrictions on transfer of the Award and/or Shares set forth herein (however, failure to so deliver such instrument
to the Company as set forth above shall not derogate from all such provisions applying on any transferee). 

15.5.
The provisions of this Section 15 shall apply to the Grantee and to any purchaser, assignee or transferee of any Shares. 

16.
 CONDITIONS UPON ISSUANCE OF SHARES; GOVERNING PROVISIONS. 

16.1.
 Legal Compliance . The grant of Awards and the issuance of Shares upon exercise or settlement of Awards shall be subject to compliance
with all Applicable Law as determined by the Company, including, applicable requirements of federal, state and foreign law with respect
to such securities. The Company shall have no obligations to issue Shares pursuant to the exercise or settlement of an Award and Awards
may not be exercised or settled, if the issuance of Shares upon exercise or settlement would constitute a violation of any Applicable
Law as determined by the Company, including, applicable federal, state or foreign securities laws or other law or regulations or the
requirements of any stock exchange or market system upon which the Shares may then be listed. In addition, no Award may be exercised
unless (i) a registration statement under the Securities Act shall at the time of exercise or settlement of the Award be in effect with
respect to the stock issuable upon exercise of the Award, or (ii) in the opinion of legal counsel to the Company, the stock issuable
upon exercise of the Award may be issued in accordance with the terms of an applicable exemption from the registration requirements of
the Securities Act. The inability of the Company to obtain authority from any regulatory body having jurisdiction, if any, deemed by
the Company to be necessary to the lawful issuance and sale of any Shares hereunder, and the inability to issue Shares hereunder due
to non-compliance with any Company policies with respect to the sale of Shares, shall relieve the Company of any liability in respect
of the failure to issue or sell such Shares as to which such requisite authority or compliance shall not have been obtained or achieved.
As a condition to the exercise of an Award, the Company may require the person exercising such Award to satisfy any qualifications that
may be necessary or appropriate, to evidence compliance with any Applicable Law or regulation and to make any representation or warranty
with respect thereto as may be requested by the Company, including to represent and warrant at the time of any such exercise that the
Shares are being purchased only for investment and without any present intention to sell or distribute such Shares, all in form and content
specified by the Company. 

23 

16.2.
 Provisions Governing Shares . Shares issued pursuant to an Award shall be subject to the Charter Documents, any limitation, restriction
or obligation included in any stockholders agreement applicable to all or substantially all of the holders of stock (regardless of whether
or not the Grantee is a formal party to such stockholders agreement) Stockholders Agreements ), any other governing
documents of the Company, all policies, manuals and internal regulations adopted by the Company from time to time, in each case, as may
be amended from time to time, including any provisions included therein concerning restrictions or limitations on disposition of Shares
(such as, but not limited to, right of first refusal and lock up/market stand-off) or grant of any rights with respect thereto, forced
sale and bring along provisions, any provisions concerning restrictions on the use of inside information and other provisions deemed
by the Company to be appropriate in order to ensure compliance with Applicable Law. Each Grantee shall execute (and authorizes any person
designated by the Company to so execute) such separate agreement(s) as may be requested by the Company relating to matters set forth
in this Section 16.2. The execution of such separate agreement(s) may be a condition by the Company to the exercise of any Award and
the Company may exercise its authorization above and sign such agreement on behalf of the Grantee or subject the Grantee to the provisions
of such agreements. The proxy pursuant to Section 6.10 includes an authorization of the holder of such proxy to sign, by and on behalf
of any Grantee, such documents and agreements. 

16.3.
 Forced Sale . In the event the that Board approves a Merger/Sale effected by way of a forced or compulsory sale (whether pursuant
to Applicable Law, the Charter Documents or any Stockholders Agreement), then, without derogating from such provisions and in addition
thereto, the Grantee shall be obligated, and shall be deemed to have agreed to the offer to effect the Merger/Sale on the terms approved
by the Board (and the Shares held by or for the benefit of the Grantee shall be included in the stock of the Company approving the terms
of such Merger/Sale for the purpose of satisfying the required majority), and shall sell all of the Shares held by or for the benefit
of the Grantee on the terms and conditions applying to the holders of Shares, in accordance with the instructions then issued by the
Board, whose determination shall be final. No Grantee shall contest, bring any claims or demands, or exercise any appraisal or dissenters 
rights related to any of the foregoing. The proxy pursuant to Section 6.10 includes an authorization of the holder of such proxy to sign,
by and on behalf of any Grantee, such documents and agreements as are required to affect the sale of Shares in connection with such Merger/Sale
and waivers of any contest, claims or demands, or any appraisal or dissenters rights. 

16.4.
 Data Privacy; Data Transfer . Information related to Grantees and Awards hereunder, as shall be received from Grantee or others,
and/or held by, the Company or its Affiliates from time to time, and which information may include sensitive and personal information
related to Grantees Information ), will be used by the Company or its Affiliates (or third parties appointed by
any of them, including the Trustee) to comply with any applicable legal requirement, or for administration of the Plan as they deems
necessary or advisable, or for the respective business purposes of the Company or its Affiliates (including in connection with transactions
related to any of them). The Company and its Affiliates shall be entitled to transfer the Information among the Company or its Affiliates,
and to third parties for the purposes set forth above, which may include persons located abroad (including, any person administering
the Plan or providing services in respect of the Plan or in order to comply with legal requirements, or the Trustee, their respective
officers, directors, employees and representatives, and the respective successors and assigns of any of the foregoing), and any person
so receiving Information shall be entitled to transfer it for the purposes set forth above. The Company shall use commercially reasonable
efforts to ensure that the transfer of such Information shall be limited to the reasonable and necessary scope. By receiving an Award
hereunder, Grantee acknowledges and agrees that the Information is provided at Grantee s free will and Grantee consents to the
storage and transfer of the Information as set forth above. 

24 

16.5.
 Share Transfer Restrictions . Any transfer or other disposition of Shares or any interest therein is subject to the prior approval
of the Administrator, which, if granted (without any obligation to do so), may be subject to such terms, conditions and restrictions,
as it deems appropriate. The terms, conditions and restrictions of any approval may differ from one Grantee to another, and need not
be the same. Any transfer or otherwise grant of any interest in any Shares to any third party that does not comply with this Section
shall be null and void and shall not confer upon any person, other than the Grantee, any rights. This Section shall terminate immediately
after the underwritten public offering of equity securities of the Company pursuant to an effective registration statement filed under
the Securities Act or equivalent law of another jurisdiction and the listing for trading on a stock exchange or market or trading system.
This Section shall apply in addition to any other limitation, restriction and/or condition in this Plan (including, without limitation,
after the application of the sub-Sections of Section 16 above), any Award Agreement, Stockholders Agreement or other instrument between
the Grantee and the Company or by which the Grantee is bound. This Section shall not apply to a transfer of Shares in a sale of all or
substantially all of the shares of the Company which was approved by the Board or pursuant to the Charter Documents or Stockholders Agreements,
or upon a Merger/Sale. 

17.
 MARKET STAND-OFF. 

17.1.
In connection with any underwritten public offering of equity securities of the Company pursuant to an effective registration statement
filed under the Securities Act or equivalent law of another jurisdiction, the Grantee shall not directly or indirectly, without the prior
written consent of the Company or its underwriters, (i) lend, offer, pledge, sell, contract to sell, sell any option or contract to purchase,
purchase any option or contract to sell, grant any option, right or warrant to purchase, or otherwise transfer or dispose of, directly
or indirectly, any Shares or other Awards, any securities of the Company (whether or not such Shares were acquired under this Plan),
or any securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable (directly or indirectly) for Shares or securities of the Company and
any other shares or securities issued or distributed in respect thereto or in substitution thereof (collectively, Securities ),
or (ii) enter into any swap or other arrangement that transfers to another, in whole or in part, any of the economic consequences of
ownership of the Securities, whether any such transaction described in clauses (i) or (ii) is to be settled by delivery of Securities,
in cash or otherwise. The foregoing provisions of this Section 17.1 shall not apply to the sale of any stock to an underwriter
pursuant to an underwriting agreement. Such restrictions (the Market Stand-Off shall be in effect for such period
of time (the Market Stand-Off Period ): (A) following the first public filing of the registration statement relating
to the underwritten public offering until the extirpation of 180 days following the effective date of such registration statement relating
to the Company s initial public offering or 90 days following the effective date of such registration statement relating to any
other public offering, in each case, provided , however , that if (1) during the last 17 days of the initial Market Stand-Off
Period, the Company releases earnings results or announces material news or a material event or (2) prior to the expiration of the initial
Market Stand-Off Period, the Company announces that it will release earnings results during the 15-day period following the last day
of the initial Market Stand-Off Period, then in each case the Market Stand-Off Period will be automatically extended until the expiration
of the 18-day period beginning on the date of release of the earnings results or the announcement of the material news or material event;
or (B) such other period as shall be requested by the Company or the underwriters. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if
the underwriter(s) and the Company agree on a termination date of the Market Stand-Off Period in the event of failure to consummate a
certain public offering, then such termination shall apply also to the Market Stand-Off Period hereunder with respect to that particular
public offering. 

17.2.
In the event of a subdivision of the outstanding capital stock of the Company, the distribution of any securities (whether or not of
the Company), whether as bonus shares or otherwise, and whether as dividend or otherwise, a recapitalization, a reorganization (which
may include a combination or exchange of stock or a similar transaction affecting the Company s outstanding securities without
receipt of consideration), a consolidation, a spin-off or other corporate divestiture or division, a reclassification or other similar
occurrence, any new, substituted or additional securities which are by reason of such transaction distributed with respect to any Shares
subject to the Market Stand-Off, or into which such Shares thereby become convertible, shall immediately be subject to the Market Stand-Off. 

17.3.
In order to enforce the Market Stand-Off, the Company may impose stop-transfer instructions with respect to the Shares acquired under
this Plan until the end of the applicable Market Stand-Off period. 

17.4.
The underwriters in connection with a registration statement so filed are intended third party beneficiaries of this Section 17 and shall
have the right, power and authority to enforce the provisions hereof as though they were a party hereto. Each Grantee shall execute such
separate agreement(s) as may be requested by the Company or the underwriters in connection with such registration statement and in the
form required by them, relating to Market Stand-Off (which need not be identical to the provisions of this Section 17, and may include
such additional provisions and restrictions as the underwriters deem advisable) or that are necessary to give further effect thereto.
The execution of such separate agreement(s) may be a condition by the Company to the exercise of any Award. 

25 

17.5.
Without derogating from the above provisions of this Section 17 or elsewhere in this Plan, the provisions of this Section 17 shall apply
to the Grantee and the Grantee s heirs, legal representatives, successors, assigns, and to any purchaser, assignee or transferee
of any Awards or Shares. 

18.
 AGREEMENT REGARDING TAXES; DISCLAIMER. 

18.1.
If the Committee shall so require, as a condition of exercise of an Award, the release of Shares by the Trustee or the vesting or settlement
of an Award, a Grantee shall agree that, no later than the date of such occurrence, the Grantee will pay to the Company (or the Trustee,
as applicable) or make arrangements satisfactory to the Committee and the Trustee (if applicable) regarding payment of any applicable
taxes and compulsory payments of any kind required by Applicable Law to be withheld or paid. 

18.2.
 TAX LIABILITY . ALL TAX CONSEQUENCES UNDER ANY APPLICABLE LAW WHICH MAY ARISE FROM THE GRANT OF ANY AWARDS OR THE EXERCISE THEREOF,
THE SALE OR DISPOSITION OF ANY SHARES GRANTED HEREUNDER OR ISSUED UPON EXERCISE OR (IF APPLICABLE) THE VESTING OF ANY AWARD, THE ASSUMPTION,
SUBSTITUTION, CANCELLATION OR PAYMENT IN LIEU OF AWARDS OR FROM ANY OTHER ACTION IN CONNECTION WITH THE FOREGOING (INCLUDING WITHOUT
LIMITATION ANY TAXES AND COMPULSORY PAYMENTS, SUCH AS SOCIAL SECURITY OR HEALTH TAX PAYABLE BY THE GRANTEE OR THE COMPANY IN CONNECTION
THEREWITH) SHALL BE BORNE AND PAID SOLELY BY THE GRANTEE, AND THE GRANTEE SHALL INDEMNIFY THE COMPANY, ITS SUBSIDIARIES AND AFFILIATES
AND THE TRUSTEE, AND SHALL HOLD THEM HARMLESS AGAINST AND FROM ANY LIABILITY FOR ANY SUCH TAX OR PAYMENT OR ANY PENALTY, INTEREST OR
INDEXATION THEREON. EACH GRANTEE AGREES TO, AND UNDERTAKES TO COMPLY WITH, ANY RULING, SETTLEMENT, CLOSING AGREEMENT OR OTHER SIMILAR
AGREEMENT OR ARRANGEMENT WITH ANY TAX AUTHORITY IN CONNECTION WITH THE FOREGOING WHICH IS APPROVED BY THE COMPANY. 

18.3.
 NO TAX ADVICE . THE GRANTEE IS ADVISED TO CONSULT WITH A TAX ADVISOR WITH RESPECT TO THE TAX CONSEQUENCES OF RECEIVING, EXERCISING
OR DISPOSING OF AWARDS HEREUNDER. THE COMPANY DOES NOT ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY TO ADVISE THE GRANTEE ON SUCH MATTERS, WHICH SHALL REMAIN
SOLELY THE RESPONSIBILITY OF THE GRANTEE. 

18.4.
 TAX TREATMENT . THE COMPANY DOES NOT UNDERTAKE OR ASSUME ANY LIABILITY OR RESPONSIBILITY TO THE EFFECT THAT ANY AWARD SHALL QUALIFY
WITH ANY PARTICULAR TAX REGIME OR RULES APPLYING TO PARTICULAR TAX TREATMENT, OR BENEFIT FROM ANY PARTICULAR TAX TREATMENT OR TAX ADVANTAGE
OF ANY TYPE AND THE COMPANY SHALL BEAR NO LIABILITY IN CONNECTION WITH THE MANNER IN WHICH ANY AWARD IS EVENTUALLY TREATED FOR TAX PURPOSES,
REGARDLESS OF WHETHER THE AWARD WAS GRANTED OR WAS INTENDED TO QUALIFY UNDER ANY PARTICULAR TAX REGIME OR TREATMENT. THIS PROVISION SHALL
SUPERSEDE ANY TYPE OF AWARDS OR TAX QUALIFICATION INDICATED IN ANY CORPORATE RESOLUTION OR AWARD AGREEMENT, WHICH SHALL AT ALL TIMES
BE SUBJECT TO THE REQUIREMENTS OF APPLICABLE LAW. THE COMPANY DOES NOT UNDERTAKE AND SHALL NOT BE REQUIRED TO TAKE ANY ACTION IN ORDER
TO QUALIFY THE AWARD WITH THE REQUIREMENT OF ANY PARTICULAR TAX TREATMENT AND NO INDICATION IN ANY DOCUMENT TO THE EFFECT THAT ANY AWARD
IS INTENDED TO QUALIFY FOR ANY TAX TREATMENT SHALL IMPLY SUCH AN UNDERTAKING. NO ASSURANCE IS MADE BY THE COMPANY OR ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES
THAT ANY PARTICULAR TAX TREATMENT ON THE DATE OF GRANT WILL CONTINUE TO EXIST OR THAT THE AWARD WOULD QUALIFY AT THE TIME OF EXERCISE
OR DISPOSITION THEREOF WITH ANY PARTICULAR TAX TREATMENT. THE COMPANY AND ITS AFFILIATES SHALL NOT HAVE ANY LIABILITY OR OBLIGATION OF
ANY NATURE IN THE EVENT THAT AN AWARD DOES NOT QUALIFY FOR ANY PARTICULAR TAX TREATMENT, REGARDLESS WHETHER THE COMPANY COULD HAVE OR
SHOULD HAVE TAKEN ANY ACTION TO CAUSE SUCH QUALIFICATION TO BE MET AND SUCH QUALIFICATION REMAINS AT ALL TIMES AND UNDER ALL CIRCUMSTANCES
AT THE RISK OF THE GRANTEE. THE COMPANY DOES NOT UNDERTAKE OR ASSUME ANY LIABILITY TO CONTEST A DETERMINATION OR INTERPRETATION (WHETHER
WRITTEN OR UNWRITTEN) OF ANY TAX AUTHORITIES, INCLUDING IN RESPECT OF THE QUALIFICATION UNDER ANY PARTICULAR TAX REGIME OR RULES APPLYING
TO PARTICULAR TAX TREATMENT. IF THE AWARDS DO NOT QUALIFY UNDER ANY PARTICULAR TAX TREATMENT IT COULD RESULT IN ADVERSE TAX CONSEQUENCES
TO THE GRANTEE. 

26 

18.5.
The Company or any Subsidiary or other Affiliate thereof may take such action as it may deem necessary or appropriate, in its discretion,
for the purpose of or in connection with complying with tax withholding requirements, including withholding taxes at least equal to the
minimum required amount under Applicable Law and no greater than the maximum amount determined using the highest applicable marginal
tax rate (collectively, Withholding Obligations ). Such actions may include (i) requiring a Grantees to remit to
the Company in cash an amount sufficient to satisfy such Withholding Obligations and any other taxes and compulsory payments, payable
by the Company in connection with the Award or the exercise or (if applicable) the vesting thereof; (ii) subject to Applicable Law, allowing
the Grantees to provide Shares to the Company, in an amount that at such time, reflects a value that the Committee determines to be sufficient
to satisfy such Withholding Obligations; (iii) withholding Shares otherwise issuable upon the exercise of an Award at a value which is
determined by the Committee to be sufficient to satisfy such Withholding Obligations; (iv) allowing Grantees to satisfy all or part of
the Withholding Obligations by the delivery (on a form prescribed by the Company) of an irrevocable direction to a securities broker
approved by the Company to sell Shares and to deliver all or part of the sales proceeds to the Company or the Trustee or (v) any combination
of the foregoing. The Company shall not be obligated to allow the exercise of any Award by or on behalf of a Grantee until all tax consequences
arising from the exercise of such Award are resolved in a manner acceptable to the Company. 

18.6.
Each Grantee shall notify the Company in writing promptly and in any event within ten (10) days after the date on which such Grantee
first obtains knowledge of any tax bureau inquiry, audit, assertion, determination, investigation, or question relating in any manner
to the Awards granted or received hereunder or Shares issued thereunder and shall continuously inform the Company of any developments,
proceedings, discussions and negotiations relating to such matter, and shall allow the Company and its representatives to participate
in any proceedings and discussions concerning such matters. Upon request, a Grantee shall provide to the Company any information or document
relating to any matter described in the preceding sentence, which the Company, in its discretion, requires. 

18.7.
With respect to 102 Non-Trustee Options, if the Grantee ceases to be employed by the Company or any Affiliate, the Grantee shall extend
to the Company and/or its Affiliate with whom the Grantee is employed a security or guarantee for the payment of taxes due at the time
of sale of Shares, all in accordance with the provisions of Section 102 of the Ordinance and the Rules. 

18.8.
For the purpose hereof tax(es) means (a) all federal, state, local or foreign taxes, charges, fees, imposts, levies or
other assessments, including all income (including under Section 409A of the Code), capital gains, transfer, withholding, payroll, employment,
social security, national security, health tax, wealth surtax, stamp, registration and estimated taxes, customs duties, fees, assessments
and charges of any similar kind whatsoever (including under Section 280G of the Code), (b) all interest, indexation differentials, penalties,
fines, additions to tax or additional amounts imposed by any taxing authority in connection with any item described in clause (a), (c)
any transferee or successor liability in respect of any items described in clauses (a) or (b) payable by reason of contract, assumption,
transferee liability, successor liability, operation of Applicable Law, or as a result of any express or implied obligation to assume
Taxes or to indemnify any other person, and (d) any liability for the payment of any amounts of the type described in clause (a) or (b)
payable as a result of being a member of an affiliated, consolidated, combined, unitary or aggregate group for any taxable period, including
under U.S. Treasury Regulations Section 1.1502-6(a) (or any predecessor or successor thereof of any analogous or similar provision under
Applicable Law) or otherwise. 

27 

18.9.
If a Grantee makes an election under Section 83(b) of the Code to be taxed with respect to an Award as of the date of transfer of Shares
rather than as of the date or dates upon which the Grantee would otherwise be taxable under Section 83(a) of the Code, such Grantee shall
deliver a copy of such election to the Company upon or prior to the filing such election with the U.S. Internal Revenue Service. Neither
the Company nor any Affiliate shall have any liability or responsibility relating to or arising out of the filing or not filing of any
such election or any defects in its construction. 

19.
 RIGHTS AS A STOCKHOLDER; VOTING AND DIVIDENDS. 

19.1.
Subject to Section 11.4, a Grantee shall have no rights as a stockholder of the Company with respect to any Shares covered by an Award
until the Grantee shall have exercised the Award, paid the Exercise Price therefor and becomes the record holder of the subject Shares.
In the case of 102 Awards or 3(9) Awards (if such Awards are being held by a Trustee), the Trustee shall have no rights as a stockholder
of the Company with respect to the Shares covered by such Award until the Trustee becomes the record holder for such Shares for the Grantee s
benefit, and the Grantee shall not be deemed to be a stockholder and shall have no rights as a stockholder of the Company with respect
to the Shares covered by the Award until the date of the release of such Shares from the Trustee to the Grantee and the transfer of record
ownership of such Shares to the Grantee provided , however , that the Grantee shall be entitled to receive from the Trustee
any cash dividend or distribution made on account of the Shares held by the Trustee for such Grantee s benefit, subject to any
tax withholding and compulsory payment). No adjustment shall be made for dividends (ordinary or extraordinary, whether in cash, securities
or other property) or distribution of other rights for which the record date is prior to the date on which the Grantee or Trustee (as
applicable) becomes the record holder of the Shares covered by an Award, except as provided in Section 14 hereof. 

19.2.
With respect to all Awards issued in the form of Shares hereunder or upon the exercise or (if applicable) the vesting of Awards hereunder,
any and all voting rights attached to such Shares shall be subject to Section 6.10, and the Grantee shall be entitled to receive dividends
distributed with respect to such Shares, subject to the provisions of the Charter Documents and any Stockholders Agreement, and subject
to any Applicable Law. 

19.3.
The Company may, but shall not be obligated to, register or qualify the sale of Shares under any applicable securities law or any other
Applicable Law. 

20.
 NO REPRESENTATION BY COMPANY. 

By
granting the Awards, the Company is not, and shall not be deemed as, making any representation or warranties to the Grantee regarding
the Company, its business affairs, its prospects or the future value of its Shares. The Company shall not be required to provide to any
Grantee any information, documents or material in connection with the Grantee s considering an exercise of an Award. To the extent
that any information, documents or materials are provided, the Company shall have no liability with respect thereto. Any decision by
a Grantee to exercise an Award shall solely be at the risk of the Grantee. 

21.
 NO RETENTION RIGHTS. 

Nothing
in this Plan, any Award Agreement or in any Award granted or agreement entered into pursuant hereto shall confer upon any Grantee the
right to continue in the employ of, or be in the service of the Company or any Subsidiary or other Affiliate thereof as a Service Provider
or to be entitled to any remuneration or benefits not set forth in this Plan or such agreement, or to interfere with or limit in any
way the right of the Company or any such Subsidiary or other Affiliate thereof to terminate such Grantee s employment or service
(including, any right of the Company or any of its Affiliates to immediately cease the Grantee s employment or service or to shorten
all or part of the notice period, regardless of whether notice of termination was given by the Company or its Affiliates or by the Grantee).
Awards granted under this Plan shall not be affected by any change in duties or position of a Grantee, subject to Sections 6.6 through
6.8. No Grantee shall be entitled to claim and the Grantee hereby waives any claim against the Company or any Subsidiary or other Affiliate
thereof that he or she was prevented from continuing to vest Awards as of the date of termination of his or her employment with, or services
to, the Company or any Subsidiary or other Affiliate thereof. No Grantee shall be entitled to any compensation in respect of the Awards
which would have vested had such Grantee s employment or engagement with the Company (or any Subsidiary or other Affiliate thereof)
not been terminated. 

28 

22.
 PERIOD DURING WHICH AWARDS MAY BE GRANTED. 

Awards
may be granted pursuant to this Plan from time to time within a period of ten (10) years from the Effective Date, which period may be
extended from time to time by the Board with stockholders approval. From and after such date (as extended) no grants of Awards
may be made and this Plan shall continue to be in full force and effect with respect to Awards or Shares issued thereunder that remain
outstanding. 

23.
 AMENDMENT OF THIS PLAN AND AWARDS. 

23.1.
The Board at any time and from time to time may suspend, terminate, modify or amend this Plan, whether retroactively or prospectively.
Any amendment effected in accordance with this Section shall be binding upon all Grantees and all Awards, whether granted prior to or
after the date of such amendment, and without the need to obtain the consent of any Grantee. No termination or amendment of this Plan
shall affect any then outstanding Award unless expressly provided by the Board. 

23.2.
Subject to changes in Applicable Law that would permit otherwise, without the approval of the Company s stockholders, there shall
be no increase in the maximum aggregate number of Shares that may be issued under this Plan (except by operation of the provisions of
Section 14.1) and no other amendment of this Plan that would require approval of the Company s stockholders under any Applicable
Law. Unless not permitted by Applicable Law, if the grant of an Award is subject to approval by stockholders, the date of grant of the
Award shall be determined as if the Award had not been subject to such approval. 

23.3.
The Board or the Committee at any time and from time to time may modify or amend any Award theretofore granted, including any Award Agreement,
whether retroactively or prospectively. 

24.
 APPROVAL. 

24.1.
This Plan shall take effect upon its adoption by the Board (the Effective Date ). 

24.2.
Solely with respect to grants of Incentive Stock Options, this Plan shall also be subject to stockholders approval, within one
year of the Effective Date, by a majority of the votes cast on the proposal at a meeting or a written consent of stockholders (however,
if the grant of an Award is subject to approval by stockholders, the date of grant of the Award shall be determined as if the Award had
not been subject to such approval). Failure to obtain such approval by the stockholders within such period shall not in any way derogate
from the valid and binding effect of any grant of an Award, except that any Options previously granted under this Plan may not qualify
as Incentive Stock Options but, rather, shall constitute Nonqualified Stock Options. Upon approval of this Plan by the stockholders of
the Company as set forth above, all Incentive Stock Options granted under this Plan on or after the Effective Date shall be fully effective
as if the stockholders of the Company had approved this Plan on the Effective Date. 

24.3.
102 Awards are conditional upon the filing with or approval by the ITA, if required, as set forth in Section 9.49. Failure to so file
or obtain such approval shall not in any way derogate from the valid and binding effect of any grant of an Award, which is not a 102
Award. 

25.
 RULES PARTICULAR TO SPECIFIC COUNTRIES; SECTION 409A. 

25.1.
Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the terms and conditions of this Plan may be supplemented or amended with respect to
a particular country or tax regime by means of an appendix to this Plan, and to the extent that the terms and conditions set forth in
any appendix conflict with any provisions of this Plan, the provisions of such appendix shall govern. Terms and conditions set forth
in such appendix shall apply only to Awards granted to Grantees under the jurisdiction of the specific country or such other tax regime
that is the subject of such appendix and shall not apply to Awards issued to a Grantee not under the jurisdiction of such country or
such other tax regime. The adoption of any such appendix shall be subject to the approval of the Board or the Committee, and if determined
by the Committee to be required in connection with the application of certain tax treatment, pursuant to applicable stock exchange rules
or regulations or otherwise, then also the approval of the stockholders of the Company at the required majority. 

29 

25.2.
This Section 25.2 shall only apply to Awards granted to Grantees who are subject to United States Federal income tax. 

25.2.1
It is the intention of the Company that no Award shall be deferred compensation subject to Code Section 409A unless and to the extent
that the Committee specifically determines otherwise as provided in Section 25.2.2, and the Plan and the terms and conditions of all
Awards shall be interpreted and administered accordingly. 

25.2.2
The terms and conditions governing any Awards that the Committee determines will be subject to Section 409A of the Code, including any
rules for payment or elective or mandatory deferral of the payment or delivery of Shares or cash pursuant thereto, and any rules regarding
treatment of such Awards in the event of a change in ownership or control, shall be set forth in the applicable Award Agreement and shall
be intended to comply in all respects with Section 409A of the Code, and the Plan and the terms and conditions of such Awards shall be
interpreted and administered accordingly. 

25.2.3
The Company shall have complete discretion to interpret and construe the Plan and any Award Agreement in any manner that establishes
an exemption from (or compliance with) the requirements of Code Section 409A. If for any reason, such as imprecision in drafting, any
provision of the Plan and/or any Award Agreement does not accurately reflect its intended establishment of an exemption from (or compliance
with) Code Section 409A, as demonstrated by consistent interpretations or other evidence of intent, such provision shall be considered
ambiguous as to its exemption from (or compliance with) Code Section 409A and shall be interpreted by the Company in a manner consistent
with such intent, as determined in the discretion of the Company. If, notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 25.2.3,
any provision of the Plan or any such agreement would cause a Grantee to incur any additional tax or interest under Code Section 409A,
the Company shall take commercially reasonable steps to reform such provision in a manner intended to avoid the incurrence by such Grantee
of any such additional tax or interest; provided that the Company shall maintain, to the extent reasonably practicable, the original
intent and economic benefit to the Grantee of the applicable provision without violating the provisions of Section 409A. 

25.2.4
Notwithstanding any other provision in the Plan, any Award Agreement, or any other written document establishing the terms and conditions
of an Award, if any Grantee is a specified employee, within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code, as of the date of
his or her separation from service (as defined under Section 409A of the Code), then, to the extent required by Treasury
Regulation Section 1.409A-3(i)(2) (or any successor provision), any payment made to such Grantee on account of his or her separation
from service shall not be made before a date that is six months after the date of his or her separation from service. The Committee may
elect any of the methods of applying this rule that are permitted under Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-3(i)(2)(ii) (or any successor
provision). 

25.2.5
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Section 25.2 to the contrary, although the Company intends to administer the Plan so that
Awards will be exempt from, or will comply with, the requirements of Code Section 409A, the Company does not warrant that any Award under
the Plan will qualify for favorable tax treatment under Code Section 409A or any other provision of federal, state, local, or non-United
States law. The Company shall not be liable to any Grantee for any tax, interest, or penalties the Grantee might owe as a result of the
grant, holding, vesting, exercise, or payment of any Award under the Plan. 

26.
 GOVERNING LAW; JURISDICTION; VENUE 

The
validity, construction and effect of the Plan, of Award Agreements entered into pursuant to the Plan, and of any rules, regulations,
determinations or decisions made by the Committee relating to the Plan or such Award Agreements, and the rights of any and all persons
having or claiming to have any interest therein or thereunder, shall be determined exclusively in accordance with applicable U.S. federal
laws and the laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to its conflict of laws principles; provided, however, that provisions in
the Plan and/or Award Agreements that are intended to comply with tax laws, regulations and rules of any specific jurisdiction shall
be interpreted in a manner consistent with those laws, regulations and rules of such jurisdiction as appropriate. Any suit with respect
hereto will be brought in the federal or state courts in the district which includes the city or town in which the Company s principal
executive office is located. With respect to any claim or dispute related to or arising under the Plan or any Award Agreement, the Company
and each Grantee who accepts an Award hereby consent to the exclusive jurisdiction, forum and venue of the state and federal courts located
in Delaware. 

30 

27.
 NON-EXCLUSIVITY OF THIS PLAN. 

The
adoption of this Plan shall not be construed as creating any limitations on the power or authority of the Company to adopt such other
or additional incentive or other compensation arrangements of whatever nature as the Company may deem necessary or desirable or preclude,
including but not limited to the grant of inducement awards in connection with a person becoming a Service Provider, or limit the continuation
of any other plan, practice or arrangement for the payment of compensation or fringe benefits to employees generally, or to any class
or group of employees, which the Company or any Affiliate now has lawfully put into effect, including any retirement, pension, savings
and stock purchase plan, insurance, death and disability benefits and executive short-term or long-term incentive plans. 

28.
 MISCELLANEOUS. 

28.1.
 Survival . The Grantee shall be bound by and the Shares issued upon exercise or (if applicable) the vesting of any Awards granted
hereunder shall remain subject to this Plan after the exercise or (if applicable) the vesting of Awards, in accordance with the terms
of this Plan, whether or not the Grantee is then or at any time thereafter employed or engaged by the Company or any of its Affiliates. 

28.2.
 Additional Terms . Each Award awarded under this Plan may contain such other terms and conditions not inconsistent with this Plan
as may be determined by the Committee, in its sole discretion. 

28.3
 Fractional Shares . No fractional Share shall be issuable upon exercise or vesting of any Award and the number of Shares to be
issued shall be rounded down to the nearest whole Share, with in any Share remaining at the last vesting date due to such rounding to
be issued upon exercise at such last vesting date. 

28.4.
 Severability . If any provision of this Plan, any Award Agreement or any other agreement entered into in connection with an Award
shall be determined to be illegal or unenforceable by any court of law in any jurisdiction, the remaining provisions hereof and thereof
shall be severable and enforceable in accordance with their terms, and all provisions shall remain enforceable in any other jurisdiction.
In addition, if any particular provision contained in this Plan, any Award Agreement or any other agreement entered into in connection
with an Award shall for any reason be held to be excessively broad as to duration, geographic scope, activity or subject, it shall be
construed by limiting and reducing such provision as to such characteristic so that the provision is enforceable to fullest extent compatible
with Applicable Law as it shall then appear. 

28.5.
 Captions and Titles . The use of captions and titles in this Plan or any Award Agreement or any other agreement entered into in
connection with an Award is for the convenience of reference only and shall not affect the meaning or interpretation of any provision
of this Plan or such agreement. 

28.6.
 Limitations Applicable to Section 16 Persons . Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan, the Plan and any Award granted
or awarded to any individual who is then subject to Section 16 of the Exchange Act shall be subject to any additional limitations set
forth in any applicable exemptive rule under Section 16 of the Exchange Act (including Rule 16b-3 of the Exchange Act and any amendments
thereto) that are requirements for the application of such exemptive rule. To the extent permitted by Applicable Law, the Plan and Awards
granted or awarded hereunder shall be deemed amended to the extent necessary to conform to such applicable exemptive rule. 

28.7.
 Prohibition on Executive Officer Loans . Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan to the contrary, no Grantee who is a member
of the Board or an executive officer of the Company within the meaning of Section 13(k) of the Exchange Act shall be permitted
to make payment with respect to any Awards granted under the Plan, or continue any extension of credit with respect to such payment,
with a loan from the Company or a loan arranged by the Company in violation of Section 13(k) of the Exchange Act. 

28.8.
 Clawback Provisions . All Awards (including the gross amount of any proceeds, gains or other economic benefit the Grantee actually
or constructively receives upon receipt or exercise of any Award or the receipt or resale of any Shares underlying the Award) will be
subject to recoupment by the Company to the extent required to comply with Applicable Law or any policy of the Company providing for
the reimbursement of incentive compensation, whether or not such policy was in place at the time of grant of an Award. 

31 

</EX-10.1>

<EX-10.2>
 3
 ex10-2.htm

Exhibit
10.2 

NOTICE
OF OPTION GRANT 

You
have been granted the following options (the Options or Award to purchase shares of Common
Stock, par value US 0.01 each (the Shares ), of Indaptus Therapeutics, Inc. (the Company ), pursuant
and subject to the terms and conditions of the Company s 2021 Stock Incentive Plan (as may be amended from time to time, the Plan ),
and the additional terms and conditions contained herein. Unless otherwise defined, capitalized terms used herein shall have the meaning
ascribed to them under the Plan. 

Grantee: 

[_________________] 

Date
 of Grant: 

[_________________] 

Intended
 Type of Award: 
 
 _____ 
 Incentive Stock Option (U.S.) 

check
 one ): 
 
 _____ 
 Nonqualified Stock Option (U.S.) 

_____ Other 

the
 above being subject to Section 18.4 of the Plan and applicable law. 

Exercise
 Price: 

[ ] per Share 

Number
 of Shares 
 Subject
 to Option: 
 
 [ ] 

Vesting
 Schedule: 
 
 Except
 as otherwise provided herein, subject to the terms of the Plan (including Sections 6.6, 6.7 and 6.8 thereof), the Options shall vest
 and become exercisable under the following schedule: 
 
 [One-third
 of the Options shall vest on January 18, 2024, and the remaining Options shall vest in equal quarterly installments (on April 18th,
 July 18th, October 18th and January 18th) over the following twenty-four (24) months, provided that the Grantee s employment
 with the Company continues through each such vesting date.] 

Exercise
 Period: 
 
 The
 date determined in accordance with and subject to Section 7 of the Option Agreement and the provisions of the Plan. 

Final
 Expiration Date: 
 
 [__________] 

The
Options are governed by this Notice (as defined below) and by the provisions of the Plan and the Option Agreement, both of which are
attached to and made an integral part of this Notice. By signing the Option Agreement, the Grantee acknowledges receipt of copies of
the Plan and the Option Agreement, represents that the Grantee read and is familiar with their provisions, and hereby accepts the Options
subject to all of their terms and conditions. 

1 

OPTION
AGREEMENT 

The
Company has granted to the Grantee named in the Notice of Option Grant to which this Option Agreement (this Agreement is attached (the Notice ), Options upon the terms and conditions set forth in the Notice and this Agreement. The
Options have been granted pursuant to and shall in all respects be subject to the terms and conditions of the Notice, this Agreement
and the Plan, the provisions of which are incorporated herein by reference and made an integral part of this Agreement. Unless otherwise
defined, capitalized terms used herein shall have the meaning ascribed to them under the Plan. 

By
signing this Agreement, the Grantee: (a) represents that the Grantee has received copies of, and has read and is familiar with the terms
and conditions of, the Notice, the Plan and this Agreement, (b) accepts the Options and agrees that the Options and the Shares issued
upon the exercise thereof and/or any securities issued or distributed with respect thereto are subject to all of the terms and conditions
of the Notice, the Plan, this Agreement, the Trust Agreement (as defined below) and any other documents ancillary hereto or thereto,
and (c) agrees to accept as binding, conclusive and final all decisions and interpretations of the Board or the Committee upon any questions
arising under the Notice, the Plan or this Agreement (whether before or after the issuance of Shares pursuant to the Options). While
certain terms and conditions are included in this Agreement, such terms and conditions shall not in any way derogate from the applicability
of all other terms and conditions set forth in the Plan. The Grantee acknowledges that the terms and conditions of the Plan may be amended
from time to time as set forth therein, and therefore, any reference to the Plan shall be deemed to refer to the Plan as amended from
time to time, including any amendments adopted after the date of grant. Unless otherwise stated, in the event of any inconsistency or
contradiction between any of the terms of this Agreement and the provisions of the Plan, the terms and provisions of this Agreement shall
prevail. 

1.
 No Disposition of Options . The Options shall not be sold, pledged or otherwise transferred (whether by operation of law
or otherwise, including, without limitation, transfers pursuant to any decree of divorce, dissolution or separate maintenance, any property
settlement, any separation agreement or any other agreement with a spouse), and shall not be subject to sale under execution, attachment,
levy or similar process (each of the foregoing, a Transfer other than by will or by the laws of descent and distribution. 

2.
 Issuance and Disposition of Shares . 

2.1.
 Legal Compliance . The Company shall have no obligations to issue Shares pursuant to the exercise or settlement of Options and
Options may not be exercised or settled (even if vested), if the issuance of Shares upon exercise or settlement would constitute a violation
of any Applicable Laws as determined by the Company, including, applicable federal, state or foreign securities laws or other law or
regulations or the requirements of any stock exchange or market system upon which the Shares may then be listed. THE GRANTEE IS CAUTIONED
THAT THE OPTIONS MAY NOT BE EXERCISED UNLESS THE FOREGOING CONDITIONS AND THOSE SET FORTH IN THE PLAN ARE SATISFIED. ACCORDINGLY, THE
GRANTEE MAY NOT BE ABLE TO EXERCISE THE OPTIONS WHEN DESIRED EVEN THOUGH THE OPTION IS VESTED. 

2.2.
 Provisions Governing Shares . Shares issued upon exercise of Options shall be subject to the restrictions referred to in Section
16 of the Plan and in this Agreement, the Charter Documents, any limitation, restriction or obligation included in any Stockholders Agreement
applicable to all or substantially all of the holders of Shares (regardless of whether or not the Grantee is a formal party to such Stockholders
Agreement), any other governing documents of the Company, and all policies, manuals and internal regulations adopted by the Company from
time to time, in each case, as may be amended from time to time, including, without limitation, any provisions included therein concerning
restrictions or limitations on disposition of Shares (such as, but not limited to, right of first refusal and lock-up/market stand-off)
or grant of any rights with respect thereto, forced sale and bring along provisions, any provisions concerning a restrictions on the
use of inside information and other provisions deemed by the Company to be appropriate in order to ensure compliance with Applicable
Laws and with the requirements of any transaction entered into or proposed to be entered into by the Company. By exercising an Option
the Grantee is deemed to have undertaken to comply with all the foregoing provisions. The Grantee shall execute (and authorizes any person
designated by the Company to so execute, as well as (if applicable) the Trustee holding any Shares for the Grantee s behalf) such
separate agreement(s) as may be requested by the Company relating to matters set forth in or otherwise for the purpose of implementing
this Section 2.2. The execution of such separate agreement(s) may be a condition by the Company to the exercise of any Award and the
Company (and, if applicable, the Trustee) may exercise its authorization above and sign such agreement on behalf of the Grantee or subject
the Grantee to the provisions of such agreements. 

2 

2.3.
 Share Purchase Transactions; Forced Sale . In the event that the Board approves a Merger/Sale effected by way of a forced or compulsory
sale (whether pursuant to the Charter Documents, pursuant to any Stockholders Agreement or otherwise), then, without derogating from
such provisions and in addition thereto, the Grantee agrees to the offer to effect the Merger/Sale (and that the Shares held by or for
the benefit of the Grantee shall be included in the capital stock of the Company approving the terms of such Merger/Sale for the purpose
of satisfying the required majority), and to sell all of the Shares held by or for the benefit of the Grantee on the terms and conditions
applying to the holders of Shares, in accordance with the instructions then issued by the Board (if applicable), whose determination
shall be final. The Grantee agrees not to contest, bring any claims or demands, or exercise any appraisal rights related to any of the
foregoing. The Grantee shall execute (and authorizes any person designated by the Company to so execute, as well as (if applicable) the
Trustee holding any Shares for the Grantee s behalf) such documents and agreements, as may be requested by the Company relating
to matters set forth in or otherwise for the purpose of implementing this Section 2.3. The execution of such separate agreement(s) may
be a condition by the Company to the exercise of any Award and the Company (and, if applicable, the Trustee) may exercise its authorization
above and sign such agreement on behalf of the Grantee or subject the Grantee to the provisions of such agreements. In addition, in order
to effect the sale of Shares or other legal transactions or actions required to complete such Merger/Sale, the Grantee hereby irrevocably
and unconditionally appoints and empowers the Company and any person designated for such purpose by the Board, with full power of substitution,
as the Grantee s proxy to exercise or fail to exercise, in such proxy holder s sole and absolute discretion, any rights or
obligations attached to any and all Shares, including without limitation rights and waivers associated with general meetings of the shareholders
of the Company, and sign on the Grantee s behalf any document or instrument relating to such rights or obligations, if any, or
Merger/Sale, whether by law or included in the incorporation documents of the Company or any other document, agreement or instrument
as shall be from time to time, as are required to affect the sale of Shares in connection with such Merger/Sale. 

2.4.
 Waiver . As a material precondition to the Company s grant of Options and issuance of any Shares under the Plan, the Grantee
hereby irrevocably waives any right of first refusal, pre-emptive, co-sale, participation rights or other similar rights with respect
to any prior or future Transfer of any shares in the Company by other stockholder or the issuance of securities by the Company, if such
right was so provided in any agreement between the Company and any of its stockholders, in the Charter Documents or in any other governing
document of the Company. The Grantee acknowledges and agrees that the Company and its stockholders are entitled to rely on this irrevocable
waiver. 

3 

2.5.
 Additional or Substituted Securities . In the event that in connection with the declaration of a stock dividend (bonus shares),
a stock split, a reverse stock split, a reorganization (which may include a combination or exchange of shares), a consolidation, a spin-off
or other corporate divestiture or division, a recapitalization, a reclassification or other similar occurrence affecting the Company s
outstanding securities without receipt of consideration (or in consideration for the par value, if shares bear par value), any new, substituted
or additional securities or other property (other than cash dividend) are distributed by reason of such occurrence with respect to any
Shares which are subject to this Section 2, or into which such Shares thereby become convertible, then such substituted or additional
securities or other property (if distributed) shall immediately be subject to this Section 2. Any adjustments to reflect the distribution
of such securities or other property shall be conclusively determined by the Company. The terms and conditions contained herein and in
the Plan in respect of the Options and/or the Shares shall apply to any new, substituted or additional securities or other property resulting
from the above adjustments. 

2.6.
 Data Privacy; Data Transfer . Information related to the Grantee and Award(s) hereunder, as shall be received from Grantee or others,
and/or held by, the Company or its Affiliates from time to time, and which information may include sensitive and personal information
related to the Grantee Information ), will be used by the Company or its Affiliates (or third parties appointed
by any of them, including the Trustee) to comply with any applicable legal requirement, or for administration of the Plan as they deems
necessary or advisable, or for the respective business purposes of the Company or its Affiliates (including in connection with transactions
related to any of them). The Company and its Affiliates shall be entitled to transfer the Information among the Company or its Affiliates
and to third parties for the purposes set forth above, which may include persons located abroad (including, any person administering
the Plan or providing services in respect of the Plan or in order to comply with legal requirements, or the Trustee, their respective
officers, directors, employees and representatives, and the respective successors and assigns of any of the foregoing), and any person
so receiving Information shall be entitled to transfer it for the purposes set forth above. The Company shall use commercially reasonable
efforts to ensure that the transfer of such Information shall be limited to the reasonable and necessary scope. By receiving an Award
hereunder, Grantee acknowledges and agrees that the Information is provided at Grantee s free will and that Grantee hereby consents
to the storage and transfer of the Information as set forth above. 

3.
 Vesting and Exercise Procedures . 

3.1.
The Options will vest and become exercisable according to the vesting schedule in the Notice, except that any fraction of a Share as
to which the Option would be vested or exercisable will be accumulated and will vest and become exercisable only when a whole Share has
been accumulated. Notwithstanding anything in the Notice, the Plan or this Agreement to the contrary, unless the Committee otherwise
determines, the Option will immediately expire and be forfeited as to any portion that is not vested and exercisable as of the Grantee s
termination of employment with or services to the Company or any Affiliate. 

3.2
The Grantee may exercise Options that have become exercisable by giving a signed written notice to the Company, delivered in person or
by mail (or such other methods of delivery prescribed by the Company) to the Chief Financial Officer of the Company, or, if no such officer
is then incumbent, to the Chief Executive Officer of the Company or to such other person as determined by the Committee, or in any other
manner as the Committee shall prescribe from time to time. The exercise notice shall be in a form prescribed by the Company from time
to time. The Grantee shall specify in the notice the election to exercise Options, the number of whole Shares for which it is being exercised
(which may be equal to or lower than the aggregate number of Shares that have become exercisable at such time, subject to the last sentence
of this Section), accompanied by payment of the aggregate Exercise Price for such Shares in the manner permitted by the Plan. In the
event that Options are being exercised by the representative of the Grantee, if permitted under the Plan, the notice shall be accompanied
by proof (satisfactory to the Company) of the representative s right to exercise such Options. The Option may only be exercised
for whole Shares. 

4 

3.3.
After receiving a proper and duly executed notice of exercise in the form prescribed by the Company, the Company shall cause to be issued
a certificate or certificates for the Shares as to which the Options have been exercised, registered in the name of the person exercising
such Options. The issuance shall be subject to the payment of any and all applicable taxes and compulsory payments by the Grantee. Subject
to Section 19 of the Plan, the Grantee shall have no rights as a stockholder with respect to any Shares subject to Options until the
Grantee shall have duly exercised the Options, paid the full Exercise Price therefor, if required, paid all applicable taxes and compulsory
payments therefor and becomes the record holder of the subject Shares. 

3.4.
Without derogating from the provision of the Plan, in the event that the Company determines that it is required to withhold any tax as
a result of the exercise of Options, the Grantee, as a condition to the exercise of Options, shall make arrangements satisfactory to
the Company and the Trustee, if applicable, to enable it to satisfy all withholding requirements. The Grantee shall also make arrangements
satisfactory to the Company and the Trustee, if applicable, to enable it to satisfy any withholding requirements that may arise in connection
with the vesting or disposition of Shares acquired pursuant to the grant of an Option under the Plan. Furthermore, the Grantee shall
indemnify the Company and the Trustee, if applicable, and hold them harmless against and from any and all liability for any such tax
or interest or penalty thereon, including without limitation, liabilities relating to withholding. 

4.
 Payment of Exercise Price and Tax Withholding . The Exercise Price shall be paid and any tax witholding obligations shall
be satisfied (i) in cash, (ii) if there is a public market for the Shares at the time of exercise, unless the Company or the Committee
otherwise determines, through the (A) delivery (including electronically or telephonically to the extent permitted by the Company) of
an irrevocable and unconditional undertaking by a broker acceptable to the Company to deliver promptly to the Company sufficient funds
to pay the exercise price, or (B) delivery by Grantee to the Company of a copy of irrevocable and unconditional instructions to a broker
acceptable to the Company to deliver promptly to the Company cash or a check sufficient to pay the exercise price and/or any tax withholding
obligations, as applicable, provided in either case, that such amount is paid to the Company at such time as may be required by the Committee;
or (iii) with the consent of the Committee, any other form of payment permitted under Section 18.5 of the Plan. 

5.
 Repurchase Right . Grantee agrees that all Shares issued pursuant to the exercise of the Options shall be subject to certain
repurchase rights in favor of the Company or its assigns as provided in the Plan. 

6.
 Legend . The Company may at any time place legends referencing any restriction imposed on the Shares and any applicable
federal, state or foreign securities law restrictions on all certificates representing Shares subject to the provisions of this Agreement.
The Grantee shall, at the request of the Company, promptly present to the Company any and all certificates representing Shares acquired
pursuant to Options in the possession of the Grantee in order to carry out the provisions of this Section 6. Unless otherwise specified
by the Company, legends placed on such certificates may include, but shall not be limited to, the following: 

THE
SHARES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE ARE SUBJECT TO THE COMPANY S CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION, THE COMPANY S BYLAWS, THE
COMPANY S STOCK INCENTIVE PLAN AND THE OPTION AGREEMENT WITH THE COMPANY, EACH AS AMENDED FROM TIME TO TIME, A COPY OF WHICH IS
ON FILE AT THE PRINCIPAL OFFICE OF THIS COMPANY. 

5 

7.
 Expiration on a Termination of Employment or Services . In the event that the Grantee s employment or service terminates
for any reason prior to the Final Expiration Date set forth in the Notice, the Options shall expire in accordance with Sections 6.6 and
6.7 of the Plan. In no event will the Options be exercisable beyond the Final Expiration Date listed in the Notice. 

8.
 Tax Matters and Consultation . 

8.1.
THE COMPANY ADVISES THE GRANTEE TO CONSULT WITH A TAX ADVISOR WITH RESPECT TO THE TAX CONSEQUENCES OF RECEIVING OR EXERCISING OPTIONS
HEREUNDER. THE COMPANY DOES NOT ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY TO ADVISE THE GRANTEE ON SUCH MATTERS, WHICH SHALL REMAIN SOLELY THE RESPONSIBILITY
OF THE GRANTEE. Without derogating from Section 18 of the Plan, and notwithstanding anything to the contrary, including the indication
under Intended Type of Award above, the Company shall be under no duty to ensure, and no representation or commitment is
made, that the Options qualify or will qualify under any particular tax treatment (such as ISO or any other treatment), nor shall the
Company be required to take any action for the qualification of any Option under such tax treatment. If the Options do not qualify under
any particular tax treatment it could result in adverse tax consequences to the Grantee. By signing below, Grantee agrees that the Company
and its Affiliates and their respective employees, directors, officers and stockholders shall not be liable for any tax, penalty, interest
or cost incurred by Grantee as a result of such determination, nor will any of them have any liability of any kind or nature in the event
that, for any reason whatsoever, an Option does not qualify for any particular tax treatment. 

8.2.
Without limitation of the foregoing, with respect to Options designated as Incentive Stock Option and Options designated as Nonqualified
Stock Option, there is no guarantee that the Internal Revenue Service IRS will determine that the Exercise Price
of these Options represents the fair market value thereof as of the Date of Grant in compliance with the requirements of Section 409A
of the Code. If the IRS determines that the Exercise Price is less than such fair market value it could result in adverse tax consequences
to Grantee. 

8.3.
In case of Incentive Stock Options, adjustments made pursuant to the Plan with respect to Incentive Stock Options could constitute a
 modification of such Incentive Stock Options (as that term is defined in Section 424(h) of the Code) or could cause adverse
tax consequences for the Grantee and the Grantee should consult with his or her tax advisor regarding the consequences of such modification 
on his or her income tax treatment with respect to the Incentive Stock Option. 

9.
 Plan Termination or Amendment . The Board may terminate or amend the Plan or the Options at any time, subject to the Plan
and any such amendment shall apply to the Grantee and this Option Agreement (including the Options and Shares issuable or issued pursuant
thereto), without any required consent of the Grantee. Except as set forth above, this Agreement shall not be amended without the consent
of the parties hereto. 

10.
 Miscellaneous . 

10.1.
 Further Assurances . The Grantee shall perform such further acts and execute such further documents as may reasonably be necessary
by the Company to carry out and give full effect to the provisions of this Agreement and the Plan. 

6 

10.2.
 Conformity to Securities Laws . Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan or this Agreement, if Grantee is subject to Section
16 of the Exchange Act, the Plan, the Notice, this Agreement and the Option will be subject to any additional limitations set forth in
any applicable exemptive rule under Section 16 of the Exchange Act (including any amendment to Rule 16b-3) that are requirements for
the application of such exemptive rule. Grantee acknowledges that the Plan, the Notice and this Agreement are intended to conform to
the extent necessary with all Applicable Laws and, to the extent Applicable Laws permit, will be deemed amended to the extent necessary
to conform to such Applicable Laws or any such exemptive rule described in the preceding sentence. 

10.3
 Entire Agreement . This Agreement (together with the Notice and all Exhibits) and the Plan, contain the entire agreement among
the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof, and supersede all prior agreements and understandings, oral or written,
with respect to such matters. The provisions of this Agreement shall be construed according to their fair meaning and neither for, nor
against, any party hereto, irrespective of which party caused such provisions to be drafted. Each of the parties hereto acknowledges
that it has been represented by an attorney in connection with the preparation and execution of this Agreement. 

10.4.
 Not a Contract of Employment . Nothing in the Plan, the Grant Notice or this Agreement confers upon Participant any right
to continue in the employ or service of the Company or any Subsidiary or interferes with or restricts in any way the rights of the Company
and its Subsidiaries, which rights are hereby expressly reserved, to discharge or terminate the services of Participant at any time for
any reason whatsoever, with or without Cause, except to the extent expressly provided otherwise in a written agreement between the Company
or a Subsidiary and Participant. 

10.5
 Incentive Stock Options . If the Option is designated as an Incentive Stock Option, the following provisions, in addition to the
terms set forth in Section 8 of the Plan, will apply to the Option: 

(a)
Grantee acknowledges that to the extent the aggregate fair market value of shares (determined as of the time the option with respect
to the shares is granted) with respect to which stock options intended to qualify as incentive stock options under Section
422 of the Code, including the Option, are exercisable for the first time by Grantee during any calendar year exceeds 100,000 or if
for any other reason such stock options do not qualify or cease to qualify for treatment as incentive stock options under
Section 422 of the Code, such stock options (including the Option) will be treated as Nonqualified Stock Options. Grantee further acknowledges
that the rule set forth in the preceding sentence will be applied by taking the Option and other stock options into account in the order
in which they were granted, as determined under Section 422(d) of the Code. Grantee acknowledges that amendments or modifications made
to the Option pursuant to the Plan that would cause the Option to become a Nonqualified Stock Option will not materially or adversely
affect Grantee s rights under the Option, and that any such amendment or modification will not require Grantee s consent.
Participant also acknowledges that if the Option is exercised more than three (3) months after Participant s Termination of Service
as an Employee, other than by reason of death or Disability, the Option will be taxed as a Nonqualified Stock Option. If the Option is
an Incentive Stock Option and Participant is a Greater Than 10 Stockholder as of the Grant Date, the term of the Option will not exceed
five (5) years from the Grant Date. 

7 

(b)
Participant will give prompt written notice to the Company of any disposition or other transfer of any Shares acquired under this Agreement
if such disposition or other transfer is made (a) within two (2) years from the Grant Date or (b) within one (1) year after the transfer
of such Shares to Participant. Such notice will specify the date of such disposition or other transfer and the amount realized, in cash,
other property, assumption of indebtedness or other consideration, by Participant in such disposition or other transfer. 

10.6
 Governing Law; Jurisdiction . This Agreement shall be governed by and construed according to the laws of Delaware, without regard
to any applicable conflict of law principles which may result in the application of the law of any other jurisdiction, except with respect
to matters that are subject to tax laws, regulations and rules of any specific jurisdiction, which shall be governed by the respective
laws, regulations and rules of such jurisdiction. Certain definitions, which refer to laws other than the laws of such jurisdiction,
shall be construed in accordance with such other laws. By signing this Agreement the Grantee hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive
jurisdiction of the Delaware Court of Chancery (and if jurisdiction in the Delaware Court of Chancery shall be unavailable, the Federal
courts of the United States of America sitting in the State of Delaware), and any appellate court from any of the foregoing. 

10.5.
 Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original and enforceable
against the parties, and all of which together shall be considered one and the same agreement, it being understood that all parties need
not sign the same counterpart. The exchange of an executed Agreement (in counterparts or otherwise) by facsimile transmission, electronic
transmission or electronic signature shall be sufficient to bind the parties to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, as an original. 

10.6
 Electronic Delivery and Acceptance . The Company may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any documents related to the Option
awarded under the Plan or future options that may be awarded under the Plan by electronic means or request Grantee s consent to
participate in the Plan by electronic means. Participant hereby consents to receive such documents by electronic delivery and agrees
to participate in the Plan through any on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or a third party designated
by the Company. 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have duly executed and delivered this OPTION AGREEMENT as of the date last written below. 

Grantee: 
 
 Indaptus
Therapeutics, Inc. 

[NAME] 
 
 By: 

Name: 
 Jeffrey A. Meckler 

Title: 
 CEO 

8 

</EX-10.2>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 ex23-1.htm

Exhibit
23.1 

CONSENT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We
consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Nos. 333-269000 and 333-259771), the Registration
Statements on Form S-3 (Nos. 333-267236 and 333-230016), and the Registration Statement on Form S-8 (No. 333-259127) of Indaptus Therapeutics,
Inc. (the Company of our report dated March 16, 2023, relating to our audits of the Company s consolidated financial
statements as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and for each of the years then ended, included in the Company s Annual Report on Form
10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. 

/s/
 Haskell White LLP 

HASKELL
 WHITE LLP 

Irvine,
California 

 March
16, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit
31.1 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I,
Jeffrey A. Meckler, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of Indaptus Therapeutics, Inc. (the registrant ); 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13a-15(f)and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

d) 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
 reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
 the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

b) 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 March 17, 2023 

/s/
 Jeffrey A. Meckler 

Jeffrey
 A. Meckler 
 Chief
 Executive Officer and Director 
 (principal
 executive officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit
31.2 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I,
Nir Sassi, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of Indaptus Therapeutics, Inc. (the registrant ); 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13a-15(f)and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

d) 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
 reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
 the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

b) 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 March 17, 2023 

/s/
 Nir Sassi 

Nir
 Sassi 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 (principal
 financial officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit
32.1 

Indaptus
Therapeutics, Inc. 

Certification
Pursuant to 

 18
U.S.C. Section 1350, 

 as
Adopted Pursuant to 

 Section
906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report of Indaptus Therapeutics, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December
31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Jeffrey A. Meckler, Chief
Executive Officer and Director of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(a) 
 The
 Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(b) 
 The
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
 of the Company. 

/s/
 Jeffrey A. Meckler 

Jeffrey
 A. Meckler 
 Chief
 Executive Officer and Director 
 (principal
 executive officer) 

Date:
 March 17, 2023 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 ex32-2.htm

Exhibit
32.2 

Indaptus
Therapeutics, Inc. 

Certification
Pursuant to 

 18
U.S.C. Section 1350, 

 as
Adopted Pursuant to 

 Section
906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report of Indaptus Therapeutics, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December
31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Nir Sassi, Chief Financial
Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002, that: 

(a) 
 The
 Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(b) 
 The
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
 of the Company. 

/s/
 Nir Sassi 

Nir
 Sassi 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 (principal
 financial officer) 

Date:
 March 17, 2023 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 18
 indp-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 20
 indp-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 21
 indp-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 22
 indp-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

