<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230228_10-K_edgar_data_1832466_0000950170-23-005096.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>19160884</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>597820</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3153012</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>8854285</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2238688</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3890501</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000950170-23-005096.hdr.sgml : 20230228
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230228161418
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950170-23-005096
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		104
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230228
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230228

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Alignment Healthcare, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001832466
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	HOSPITAL & MEDICAL SERVICE PLANS [6324]
		IRS NUMBER:				465596242
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40295
		FILM NUMBER:		23685457

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1100 W. TOWN AND COUNTRY ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1600
		CITY:			ORANGE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92868
		BUSINESS PHONE:		844-310-2247

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1100 W. TOWN AND COUNTRY ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1600
		CITY:			ORANGE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92868

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000950170-23-005096.txt : 20230228

10-K
 1
 alhc-20221231.htm
 10-K

10-K 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 (Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended 
 OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM TO 

Commission File Number: 

(Exact name of Registrant as specified in its Charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, , 

(Address of principal executive offices) 
 (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

The Stock Market LLC 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of voting shares held by non-affiliates of the Registrant was as of June 30, 2022, the last business day of the Registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter (based on a closing price of 11.41 per share). This determination of affiliate status is not necessarily a conclusive determination for other purposes. The registrant has no non-voting common stock. 
 As of February 23, 2023, the registrant had shares of common stock, 0.001 par value per share, outstanding. 
 The information required by Part III of this Annual Report, to the extent not set forth herein, is incorporated herein by reference from the registrant s definitive proxy statement relating to the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held in 2023, which definitive proxy statement shall be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days after the end of the fiscal year to which this Annual Report relates. 

Table of Contents 

Page 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 4 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 27 

Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 65 

Item 2. 
 Properties 
 65 

Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 65 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 65 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 66 

Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 67 

Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 68 

Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 81 

Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 82 

Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 110 

Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 110 

Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 112 

Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 112 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 113 

Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 113 

Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 113 

Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 113 

Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 113 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 114 

Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 116 

Signatures 
 117 

i 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 Throughout this annual report on Form 10-K (this Annual Report ), we make forward-looking statements within the meaning of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements other than statements of historical fact included in this Annual Report are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements give our current expectations relating to our financial condition, results of operations, plans, objectives, future performance and business. You can identify forward-looking statements by the fact that they do not relate strictly to historical or current facts. These statements may include words such as anticipate, estimate, expect, project, plan, intend, believe, may, will, should, can have, likely and other words and terms of similar meaning. The forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report are generally located in the material set forth under the heading Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations but may be found in other locations as well. These statements are based upon management s current expectations, assumptions and estimates and are not guarantees of timing, future results or performance. All forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those that we expected, including: 
 our history of net losses, and our ability to achieve or maintain profitability in an environment of increasing expenses; 

the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic or any other pandemic, epidemic or outbreak of an infectious disease in the United States or worldwide on our business, financial condition and results of operations; 

the effect of our relatively limited operating history on investors ability to evaluate our current business and future prospects; 

the viability of our growth strategy and our ability to realize expected results; 

our ability to attract new members and to successfully enter into new markets; 

the quality and pricing of our products and services; 

our ability to maintain a high rating for our plans on the Five Star Quality Rating System; 

our ability to develop and maintain satisfactory relationships with care providers that service our members; 

our ability to manage our growth effectively, execute our business plan, maintain high levels of service and member satisfaction or adequately address competitive challenges; 

our ability to compete in the healthcare industry; 

the impact on our business of security breaches, loss of data or other disruptions causing the compromise of sensitive information or preventing us from accessing critical information; 

the impact on our business of disruptions in our disaster recovery systems or management continuity planning; 

the cost of legal proceedings and litigation, including intellectual property and privacy disputes; 

our dependence on reimbursements by the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services CMS and premium payments by individuals; 

other risks associated with being a government contractor; 

the impact on our business of the healthcare services industry becoming more cyclical; 

our ability to manage acquisitions, divestitures and other significant transactions successfully; 

our ability to maintain, enhance and protect our reputation and brand recognition; 

our ability to effectively invest in, implement improvements to and properly maintain the uninterrupted operation and data integrity of our information technology and other business systems; 

our ability to obtain, maintain, protect and enforce intellectual property protection for our technology; 

the potential adverse impact of claims by third parties that we are infringing on, misappropriating or otherwise violating their intellectual property rights; 

the impact of any restrictions on our use of or ability to license data or our failure to license data and integrate third-party technologies; 

our dependence on our senior management team and other key employees; 

the concentration of our health plans in a limited number of U.S. states; 

1 

our management team s limited experience managing a public company; 

the impact of shortages of qualified personnel and related increases in our labor costs; 

the risk that our records may contain inaccurate or unsupportable information regarding risk adjustment scores of members; 

our ability to accurately estimate incurred but not reported medical expenses; 

the impact of negative publicity regarding the managed healthcare industry; 

the impact of weather and other factors beyond our control on our clinics, the centers out of which our external providers operate, and the facilities that host our AVA platform (as defined below); 

the impact on our business of renegotiation, non-renewal or termination of risk agreements with hospitals, physicians, nurses, pharmacists and medical support staff; 

risks associated with estimating the amount of liabilities that we recognize under our risk agreements with providers; 

our ability to develop and maintain proper and effective internal control over financial reporting; 

the impact of state and federal efforts to reduce Medicare spending; 

our ability to comply with applicable federal, state and local rules and regulations, including those relating to data privacy and security; and 

other factors disclosed in the section entitled Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Annual Report. 

We derive many of our forward-looking statements from our operating budgets and forecasts, which are based on many detailed assumptions. While we believe that our assumptions are reasonable, we caution that it is very difficult to predict the impact of known factors, and it is impossible for us to anticipate all factors that could affect our actual results. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations, or cautionary statements, are disclosed under the sections entitled Risk Factors and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in this Annual Report. 
 All written and oral forward-looking statements attributable to us, or persons acting on our behalf, are expressly qualified in their entirety by these cautionary statements as well as other cautionary statements that are made from time to time in our other SEC filings and public communications. You should evaluate all forward-looking statements made in this Annual Report in the context of these risks and uncertainties. 
 We caution you that the important factors referenced above may not contain all of the factors that are important to you. In addition, we cannot assure you that we will realize the results or developments we expect or anticipate or, even if substantially realized, that they will result in the consequences or affect us or our operations in the way we expect. The forward-looking statements included in this Annual Report are made only as of the date hereof. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as otherwise required by law. 
 MARKET AND INDUSTRY DATA 
 Unless otherwise indicated, information in this Annual Report concerning economic conditions, our industry, our markets and our competitive position is based on a variety of sources, including information from independent industry analysts and publications, as well as our own estimates and research. This information involves a number of assumptions and limitations, and you are cautioned not to give undue weight to such estimates. While we believe the information presented in this Annual Report is generally reliable, forecasts, assumptions, expectations, beliefs, estimates and projects involve risk and uncertainties and are subject to change based on various factors, including those described under Forward-Looking Statements and Risk Factors. 
 Throughout this Annual Report, all references to Net Promoter Score or NPS are to a measure of satisfaction widely used in the healthcare industry. We calculate NPS based on responses to member surveys, conducted by a third-party administrator (either telephonically or online) that selects a random sample of members to participate. The surveys ask the consumer to rank, on a scale of one to 10, how likely the member would be to recommend Alignment to a friend or relative. We assign the designation of Promoter to respondents who provide a score of 9 or 10, the designation of Neutral to respondents who provide a score of 7 or 8, and the designation of Detractor to respondents who provide a score of 0 to 6. We then subtract the percentage of Detractors from Promoters to determine our overall Net Promoter Score. We believe that this method of calculation aligns with industry standards and that this metric is meaningful for investors because of the correlation between Net Promoter Score and consumer satisfaction. 
 2 

Throughout this Annual Report, all references to the Five-Star Rating System or Star rating are to a measure used by the CMS to rate the performance of Medicare Advantage and Part D plans. Although subject to change, Medicare Advantage Plans are currently rated on how well they perform in five different categories: (1) staying healthy: screenings, tests, and vaccines, (2) managing chronic (long-term) conditions, (3) member experience with health plan, (4) member complaints and changes in the health plan s performance, and (5) health plan customer service. Similarly, Part D plans are currently rated on how well they perform in four different categories: (1) drug plan customer service, (2) member complaints and changes in the drug plan s performance, (3) member experience with the drug plan, and (4) drug safety and accuracy of drug pricing. Ratings range from one to five stars, with five being the highest and one being the lowest. Plans are rated in each individual measure within the categories noted above and also at the category level. Medicare also assigns Medicare Advantage plans one summary star rating to summarize the plan s performance on the Medicare Advantage measures, and assigns Part D plans a similar summary star rating. Medicare Advantage-Part D combined plans are also given an overall rating, which combines performance all measures. All ratings are reported at the contract level. 
 BASIS OF PRESENTATION 
 We historically operated as a Delaware limited liability company under the name Alignment Healthcare Holdings, LLC. On March 17, 2021, Alignment Healthcare Holdings, LLC converted into a Delaware corporation pursuant to a statutory conversion and changed its name to Alignment Healthcare, Inc. As a result of this conversion, Alignment Healthcare Partners, LP, a Delaware limited partnership Alignment Partners and the sole unitholder of Alignment Healthcare Holdings, LLC, became the sole holder of shares of common stock of Alignment Healthcare, Inc. (the Corporate Conversion ). 
 Prior to the closing of our initial public offering IPO ), (i) Alignment Healthcare, Inc. effected an approximately 1 for 260 split of its common stock (the Stock Split and (ii) Alignment Partners merged with and into Alignment Healthcare, Inc., with Alignment Healthcare, Inc. surviving the merger (the Company Merger ). Pursuant to the Company Merger, the partners of Alignment Partners received all of the then-outstanding shares of common stock of Alignment Healthcare, Inc. in exchange for their units in Alignment Partners. The Stock Split and Company Merger are collectively referred to herein as the Corporate Reorganization. Except as disclosed in this Annual Report, the consolidated financial statements and selected historical consolidated financial data and other financial information included in this Annual Report are those of Alignment Healthcare, Inc. and its subsidiaries and give effect to the Corporate Conversion and the Corporate Reorganization. 
 Unless the context otherwise requires, the terms Alignment, the Company, our company, we, us and our in this annual report refer to Alignment Healthcare Holdings, LLC, its consolidated subsidiaries and its affiliated medical groups, for all periods prior to the Corporate Conversion and to Alignment Healthcare, Inc., its consolidated subsidiaries and its affiliated medical groups, for all periods following the Corporate Conversion. 
 We are a holding company and our sole asset is the capital stock of our wholly owned subsidiaries, including Alignment Healthcare USA, LLC. Alignment Healthcare Holdings, LLC is the predecessor of the issuer for financial reporting purposes. 
 3 

PART I 
 It em 1. Business. 
 Our Mission 
 
 Alignment Healthcare was founded in 2013 with one mission in mind: improving healthcare one senior at a time. We pursue this mission by relentlessly focusing on our core values: 
 always put the senior first; 

support the doctor; 

use data and technology to revolutionize care; and 

act with a serving heart. 

We created Alignment based on the frustrating experiences we had when our parents and other loved ones needed healthcare. We saw firsthand the complexity they faced as seniors attempting to navigate care delivery and insurance without an advocate to create an integrated consumer experience that provides holistic and quality care at an affordable price. Our parents and seniors across the country are systemically and disproportionately impacted by the absence of care coordination, poor information transparency and misaligned incentives that characterize the healthcare system. 
 Our team of highly experienced healthcare leaders created the Alignment model to incorporate the lessons our management team has learned over decades collectively spent serving senior consumers. We believe that by combining our experienced, mission-driven team with purpose-built technology we have found a way to address the unmet needs of senior consumers and to do well by doing good. Our ultimate goal is to bring this differentiated, advocacy-driven healthcare experience to millions of senior consumers in the United States and to become the most trusted senior healthcare brand in the country. 
 
 How We are Revolutionizing Healthcare for Seniors 
 
 Alignment is a next generation, consumer-centric platform designed to revolutionize the healthcare experience for seniors. We deliver this experience through our Medicare Advantage plans, which are designed to meet the needs of a diverse array of seniors. Our platform was developed to align with the six core principles that we believe will be required to successfully deliver healthcare in the 21st century and that we believe represent our key competitive strengths. Our platform enables us to: 
 leverage data, technology and analytics to power all aspects of our model; 

engage consumers directly and develop products to meet their needs; 

proactively manage and coordinate care for our most vulnerable members; 

empower providers and employ flexible care delivery models; 

design and deploy innovative value-based payment models; and 

cultivate a culture of innovation. 

Leverage Data, Technology and Analytics to Power All Aspects of Our Model 
 Healthcare organizations have long struggled to effectively harness data and technology to enhance business operations, improve clinical outcomes and drive consumer satisfaction. The industry produces an extraordinary amount of digitized data that is often unusable and siloed within organizations. This has created an opportunity for integrated end-to-end data management to be a significant competitive advantage. 
 
 Our proprietary technology platform, Alignment's Virtual Application AVA ), was designed specifically for senior care and provides end-to-end coordination of the healthcare ecosystem. AVA s full suite of tools and services is built within a unified data architecture. Our technology capabilities and position in the healthcare ecosystem enables us to ingest and transform broad, longitudinal datasets into insights, analytics and custom-built applications designed to ensure consistent, high-quality care and service for Alignment s members. We believe that AVA generates more timely, accurate and actionable insights than existing solutions, driving targeted member interventions and enabling internal care team workflows that result in superior clinical outcomes and consumer experiences. 
 
 4 

The AVA platform is purpose-built to be used in all aspects of providing superior healthcare for Alignment s senior members. AVA supports our own internally employed care teams, operations teams, marketing teams and concierge personnel, as well as local community-based healthcare providers and brokers. In addition, AVA s scalability enables us to reliably produce replicable outcomes and experiences for our members as we scale in existing markets and expand to new ones. 
 Engage Consumers Directly and Develop Products to Address Their Needs 
 Traditional healthcare coverage and care delivery is complex and fails to consistently engage and satisfy consumers. Today, consumers have more purchasing power and exercise more control over their own healthcare decision-making than ever before. Medicare Advantage is marketed and sold direct-to-consumer, allowing seniors to select on an annual basis the manner in which they receive healthcare coverage and services. 
 At Alignment, we have designed our platform to be consumer-centric, to listen to and understand our members needs, and to delight our senior consumers. We believe that our primary role is to act as a trusted advocate on behalf of seniors and to design and offer healthcare plans that meet their unique healthcare and lifestyle needs. We believe that our approach delivers outstanding service to our members and results in high-quality, convenient and accessible care that is affordable and represents superior value compared to existing solutions. 
 We recognize that seniors needs extend beyond traditional healthcare, which is why we provide additional services such as transportation, pet care, grocery benefits, companion care, fitness memberships, a 24/7 concierge and a clinical service hotline. Our member satisfaction is evidenced by our overall NPS score of greater than 60 which, based on data collected and made publicly available by Customer Guru, is significantly higher than the industry average NPS ranging from 30-40 and is comparable to celebrated consumer brands. See Market and Industry Data above for additional information regarding the calculation of NPS. 
 
 Proactively Manage and Coordinate Care for our Most Vulnerable Members 
 
 Seniors with complex, chronic conditions represent a small portion of the population, but account for a disproportionate amount of total healthcare spending. The complexity of the U.S. healthcare system results in uncoordinated care for this category of seniors, leading to poor outcomes, unnecessary spend and an unsatisfactory consumer experience. 
 
 Alignment identifies high-risk, chronically ill individuals and designs personalized care plans for those members. Our AVA platform stratifies our members based on their health status and social needs, allowing us to identify our most vulnerable members and deploy our Care Anywhere team to deliver timely, effective and coordinated care at the senior s home, in a healthcare facility, or through a virtual channel. Our Care Anywhere program utilizes our own dedicated clinical teams to provide a combination of high-tech and high-touch care. These cross-disciplinary care teams, which include physicians, advanced practice clinicians, case managers, social workers and behavioral health coaches, work together to establish customized care plans and engage our high-risk seniors with ongoing care interventions that address their health and social needs. 
 
 Our high-risk, chronic, and complex care management capabilities, supported by the AVA platform, allow us to effectively manage risk, provide better clinical outcomes and improve our seniors experience. 
 
 Empower Providers and Employ Flexible Care Delivery Models 
 
 Despite being well-situated to influence outcomes for the seniors that they treat, providers often do not have the information and support required to optimize their patients outcomes. Many organizations have struggled to build a cohesive and flexible platform that can support and empower providers to delight senior consumers. 
 
 We engage with physicians and healthcare provider organizations by tailoring our care delivery tools, product designs and contract types to local market needs in a way that accommodates providers preferences and risk tolerance. Our provider engagement and training processes help generate consistent clinical outcomes across various markets with a diverse array of providers and varying degrees of value-based care sophistication. We currently have successful partnerships across a range of provider types, from health system-employed physicians to independent, community-based providers. We provide our partners with care performance metrics and actionable insights that enable them to continuously enhance quality of care, access relevant data to drive informed decision-making and improve the experience of members. This customized level of provider engagement, curated based on their particular needs and circumstances, helps them deliver the best possible clinical care. 
 
 Our flexible approach to local market care delivery enables us to attract key provider relationships in various markets and to scale more rapidly and with greater capital efficiency than we could if we were to rely entirely on our own clinical staff. 
 
 5 

Design and Deploy Innovative Value Based Payment Models 
 
 The legacy healthcare system relies on payment models that compensate healthcare providers based on the volume of services delivered rather than the quality of the care they provide. Despite the increasing focus of CMS on tying payments to health outcomes, we have yet to see widespread improvement in outcomes relative to overall healthcare spending. 
 
 Our company name, Alignment Healthcare, reflects one of our founding principles: to align all stakeholders in the healthcare ecosystem around doing what is best for the senior consumer. Our business model is value-based and our ultimate profitability is aligned with the healthcare outcomes of our seniors. We also enter into downstream contracts that are tailored to each providers capabilities and local market structure. These contracts employ various value-based payment models, such as shared risk or gainshare arrangements, which are designed to ensure that our provider partners are incentivized to improve the health outcomes of our seniors. In order to successfully manage the financial risk of delivering healthcare for our seniors, we utilize advanced tools, enable access to unified data, and maintain broad coverage and management over an ecosystem of healthcare professionals who are aligned to provide the best possible care. 
 
 Cultivate a Culture of Innovation 
 
 Traditional healthcare companies are burdened by their scale, administrative complexity and reliance on legacy technology solutions, resulting in their inability to adapt quickly and provide integrated services tailored to the dynamic needs of evolving healthcare consumers. 
 
 Given Alignment s entrepreneurial heritage, a focus on continuous improvement and innovation is at the heart of our culture and DNA. We constantly solicit feedback from our members and seek opportunities to provide new solutions to meet their healthcare and lifestyle needs. We further believe our focus on innovation is a critical competitive advantage that enables our superior member experience, cost and health outcomes. Examples of our continued innovation include: 
 Our Technology : In 2014, we started to build the unified data architecture that now forms the foundation of the AVA technology platform. We began with four clinical applications focused on member health and have since evolved the platform to encompass over 170 AI models and over 250 business intelligence dashboards across all aspects of our health plan and clinical operations. AVA provides users with the data and information they need to optimally support our seniors. 

Our Care Model : In 2017, we launched our Care Anywhere program that now serves over 6,000 high-risk members. While the program was initially a home-based care model, we rapidly developed virtual care capabilities in response to the COVID-19 pandemic in order to protect our members and our clinicians while still maintaining high levels of care and satisfaction. While we recognize that certain visits require in-person care, we expect that virtual care will remain a preferred modality for many of our seniors going forward given the flexibility and convenience that it offers. 

Our Products : In 2019, we launched our ACCESS On-Demand Concierge Black Card , which enhanced our various HMO and special needs products. Similar to a pre-paid debit card, the concierge card can be used by our senior consumers at certain retail locations to purchase health and grocery products that are covered under their over-the-counter and grocery supplemental benefits. In 2020, we launched our first preferred provider organization PPO offerings, which were followed in 2021 by our new Virtual Medicare Advantage plan that is centered around virtual, concierge-style solutions for primary care services. Our virtual plan incentivizes members to access care digitally through our virtual platform by offering rich and convenient benefits, while also providing in-person care options when needed. 

Built upon these six core principles, we believe Alignment is revolutionizing healthcare for seniors. 
 
 Industry Overview 
 
 The U.S. healthcare system has grown too complex and costly to meet the evolving needs of senior consumers who are increasingly exercising control over how they manage their overall health and wellness 
 
 We are exclusively focused on serving the senior population, a significant and rapidly growing segment within the United States. As used in this annual report, seniors refer to Medicare-eligible persons, which are primarily people over the age of 65. Seniors are living longer than previous generations, with approximately 10,000 adults becoming eligible for Medicare each day, according to the U.S. Census Bureau. The population of U.S. seniors is expected to grow to 73.1 million by 2030, up from 56.1 million in 2020, and to increase as a percentage of the population from 17 to 21 over the same period. As our targeted population grows, so do their needs and demands. 
 6 

Rising healthcare costs, particularly among the growing senior population, are uncoupled from outcomes 
 
 The growing senior population is putting additional pressure on an already-strained healthcare system. According to the Kaiser Family Foundation, from 2010 to 2021, net Medicare spending increased from approximately 450 billion to more than 680 billion at an annual growth rate of 4 . The Congressional Budget Office projected net Medicare spending at 768 billion in 2022 and expects that figure to exceed 1.3 trillion by 2030, representing an 8 compound annual growth rate. Despite increasing healthcare spending, U.S. seniors have poor health outcomes relative to other developed nations, exemplified through lower life expectancy, higher levels of hospital utilization and greater prevalence of chronic conditions. A significant portion of our nation s unsustainably high healthcare costs are a direct result of the underserved senior population, especially high-risk and high-acuity seniors. 
 
 The fragmented U.S. healthcare system is complex and burdensome for seniors, particularly those with chronic, complex conditions driving a significant amount of the total spend 
 
 Navigating the U.S. healthcare system is particularly complex and burdensome for seniors, who often have more significant care needs and complex medical conditions. Seniors today experience a healthcare landscape that is fragmented across disparate point solutions and uncoordinated healthcare providers. According to the National Council on Aging, approximately 80 of the U.S. senior population suffers from at least one chronic illness, while nearly 70 of the senior population has been diagnosed with at least two chronic illnesses. Anyone who has cared for a senior understands the tremendous challenge this can represent. This dynamic results in a small percentage of the population representing a disproportionately high level of healthcare expenditures. According to a study by the American Hospital Association, the 36 percent of the Medicare population with four or more chronic conditions represents 75 of total Medicare spending. Many of these individuals have complex co-morbidities and would benefit from highly coordinated clinical care along with integrated social, psychological, pharmaceutical and functional support. Existing care models have failed to provide the level of coordination that these seniors need and deserve. 
 
 Traditional Medicare has struggled to incentivize high-quality, low-cost care, but Medicare Advantage is designed to employ value-based care to achieve better outcomes 
 
 Under the Medicare system, seniors have two primary choices for health insurance once they reach the age of 65. They can enroll in (i) traditional Medicare fee-for-service FFS administered by CMS, or (ii) a Medicare Advantage plan administered by a managed care company. Traditional Medicare FFS offers members few network restrictions, but often leaves them exposed to catastrophic events with substantial out-of-pocket costs for care and drug coverage, and does not provide supplemental benefits. The Medicare Advantage system offers a greater value proposition to the senior in that it often provides enhanced pharmaceutical coverage, greater certainty of expected annual costs, out of pocket limits, holistic supplemental benefits and better catastrophic coverage relative to traditional Medicare. 
 
 The legacy healthcare delivery system of Medicare FFS results in reactive and often costly care for acute events. By linking payments to the number of encounters and pricing to the complexity of the intervention, the fee-for-service model does not reward prevention, but rather incentivizes the treatment of acute care episodes with more costly and complex treatments. The Medicare Advantage system, on the other hand, has a value-based care economic construct whereby CMS shifts the responsibility for the outcomes, medical cost control and the administration of benefits to private health plans. Funding to Medicare Advantage plans is capped based on local Medicare FFS costs, which is designed to ensure that only those Medicare Advantage plans that are able to provide valuable, low-cost options on a consistent and long-term basis will succeed. By aligning profitability with overall patient outcomes and total medical expenditures rather than volume of services, the Medicare Advantage system allows managed care companies to adopt a high-touch, comprehensive and long-term approach to care. 
 
 Medicare Advantage incentivizes holistic care through supplemental benefit offerings that address social determinants of health and daily lifestyle needs, driving the consumerism of senior healthcare 
 
 The Medicare Advantage program incentivizes plans to develop innovative products that better respond to seniors needs beyond traditional medical care. CMS has adopted a broad definition of supplemental benefits that allows Medicare Advantage plans to proactively offer cross-disciplinary services specifically targeting social determinants of health that can have a significant impact on seniors health outcomes. This shift in the United States healthcare industry s regulatory landscape has given rise to new market opportunities for Medicare Advantage plans to provide more holistic healthcare solutions and achieve superior clinical outcomes for their members. By allowing Medicare Advantage plans to provide access to healthcare via typical care delivery services combined with supplemental benefits, such as a monthly allowance for groceries, transportation, vision and dental services and other targeted product features, CMS has enabled Medicare Advantage plans to continue to increase their value proposition to seniors. 
 
 The concept of healthcare expanding into the senior s daily life, combined with the increasing prevalence of, and seniors increasing familiarity with, digital solutions, have been cited as key drivers in the trend towards the consumerization of the senior 
 7 

healthcare industry. We believe that seniors desire and demand for change is driving the growth of the Medicare Advantage market and we intend to continuously innovate to offer products that address seniors unmet needs. The convergence of senior healthcare with senior consumerism has created a high-value market that we are well-positioned to serve. 
 
 The enhanced value-proposition of value-based care models, coupled with the aging senior population, are leading to significant growth in Medicare Advantage 
 
 A growing number of seniors are choosing Medicare Advantage plans over traditional Medicare FFS. In 2010, only 24 of the Medicare eligible population, or 11.1 million seniors, were enrolled in a Medicare Advantage plan. In 2022, this number had grown to 48 of the Medicare eligible population, or 28 million seniors. Industry projections have forecasted a continued increase in the Medicare Advantage penetration rate, with the Kaiser Family Foundation estimating that Medicare Advantage penetration will accelerate to approximately 52 in 2023. 
 
 Medicare Enrollment Trend 

Source: Kaiser Family Foundation KFF 
 
 Full potential of the Medicare Advantage health plan model remains unrealized 
 
 We believe that Medicare Advantage is unique in that it allows one entity to influence the entirety of a senior s healthcare through a singular, direct-to-consumer product. Through the ability to drive comprehensive healthcare delivery and leverage robust data and analytics at the helm of the senior s healthcare ecosystem, the health plan can develop a personalized, adaptive and reproducible approach to care delivery. However, traditional Medicare Advantage plans are not technology driven, lack delivery of care capabilities and often outsource key functions; as such, these traditional plans have been unable to offer a fully integrated healthcare ecosystem. These plans frequently operate disparate and antiquated IT systems assembled from historical acquisitions that do not permit the real time sharing and analysis of medical data and history, which is often key to a senior receiving the right treatment at the right time. As a result, existing Medicare Advantage plans often fall short in their attempts to significantly improve the quality of care and consumer experience for seniors. 
 
 We created a consumer-centric and purpose-built Medicare Advantage model that addresses the limitations of Medicare FFS and traditional Medicare Advantage plans by seizing the opportunities provided by evolving senior preferences, the consumerization of healthcare and changes in the regulatory landscape. By leveraging our purpose-built technology platform, we are able to rethink, redesign and deploy solutions specifically tailored to meet the needs and improve the lives of our seniors. 
 
 Our Market Opportunity 
 
 We address a 768 billion market opportunity today that is expected to grow 8 annually over the next decade. 
 We built the Alignment Healthcare platform to bring tech-enabled, consumer-centric healthcare to all seniors in the United States. Seniors represent the highest proportion of healthcare spending in the United States on a per capita basis. There are approximately 8.3 million Medicare eligible seniors and approximately 4.4 million Medicare Advantage enrollees in our current markets, which we estimate represents a total addressable market of approximately 103 billion. 
 
 We believe there is tremendous opportunity to further scale our business and address the growing need for seniors to experience a better approach to healthcare. The Congressional Budget Office projected net Medicare spending at 768 billion in 2022 and expects that figure to exceed 1.3 trillion by 2030, representing an 8 compound annual growth rate. Furthermore, with seniors increasingly choosing Medicare Advantage over traditional Medicare FFS, federal spending on payments to Medicare Advantage 
 8 

plans is projected to increase from 420 billion in 2022 to 631 billion in 2026, representing a 11 compound annual growth rate. Ultimately, we believe our relentless pursuit of putting the senior first will allow us to capture market share in a sector with significant demographic tailwinds. 
 
 Alignment s Virtuous Cycle 
 
 Our model is based on a flywheel concept, referred to as our virtuous cycle , which is designed to delight our senior consumers. We start by listening to and engaging with our seniors in order to provide a superior experience, in both their healthcare and daily living needs. Through our AVA technology platform, we utilize data and predictive algorithms that are specifically designed to ensure personalized care is delivered to each member. When our information-enabled care model is combined with our member engagement, we are able to improve healthcare outcomes by, for example, reducing unnecessary hospital admissions, which in turn lowers overall costs. Our unique ability to manage healthcare expenditures, while maintaining quality and member satisfaction, is a distinct and sustainable competitive advantage. The lower total healthcare expenditures allow us to reinvest our savings into richer coverage and benefits, which propels our growth in revenue and membership due to the enhanced consumer value proposition. As we grow, we continue to listen to and incorporate member feedback, and are able to further enhance benefits and produce strong clinical outcomes. Our virtuous cycle, based on the principle of doing well by doing good, is highly repeatable and a core tenet of our ability to continue to expand in existing and new markets in the future. 

1) Superior experience and engagement: Our philosophy for serving seniors starts with our goal of treating each member as if they were our own mother, father or loved one. We have developed a variety of programs that are designed to address seniors healthcare and social needs. Our AVA platform provides care teams with actionable insights that help strengthen the quality and efficacy of our touch points with members. Additionally, our comprehensive benefit offerings establish us as fixtures in our members daily lives, which uniquely positions us to serve as an advocate when navigating the complexities of the healthcare system. Combined with consumer engagement activities, such as companion care (providing grandkids on-demand and the delivery of meals and masks to members during the COVID-19 pandemic, we are able to build trusting, long-term relationships with our seniors. 
 
 2) Personalized care: AVA uses comprehensive data and predictive analytics to identify the needs of our members and create personalized experiences in every aspect of how we care for and serve them. We educate and provide timely information to our broader network of independent physicians to optimize health outcomes for our overall member population, and we deploy our internal clinical resources to care for our highest risk, most complex members. To manage our highest risk members, we rely on AVA to enable seamlessly integrated virtual and at-home healthcare delivery by utilizing direct smart interactions through the most effective engagement channels. For those of our members who are less vulnerable, we partner with local providers and support them with Alignment s insights and resources to deliver high-quality, coordinated care. Members also have 24/7 access to a dedicated concierge team that can assist with medical needs, care navigation, transportation and other services that are important to the health of our members. 
 
 3) High-quality, low-cost care : The economic model underlying the Medicare Advantage value-based framework enables us to invest in preventative health and wellness activities, which reduce unnecessary medical events that can have lasting, negative consequences for our seniors. If a single nurse visit to a high-risk senior s home prevents an avoidable hospitalization, then that visit represents a 30 to 1 return-on-investment, based on our internal calculations of the average cost of a nurse visit and 
 9 

hospitalization. Our ability to provide high- quality and low-cost care is critical to our ability to continue to offer a superior product offering and is a defining characteristic of our company relative to our competition. 
 
 4) Richest coverage and benefits : We leverage our improved clinical and operating results to proactively invest in more comprehensive coverage and richer benefits for our members, as well as in additional services that support the full spectrum of seniors daily healthcare and social needs. While we tailor our various products to meet the individual needs of our diverse consumers, we strive to consistently deliver the Alignment experience and enhanced value proposition across all offerings. For example, in 2023 we are offering 0 member premium products in 49 out of our 52 markets across California, North Carolina, Nevada, Arizona, Florida and Texas. 
 
 5 Drives growth : Our next generation platform is designed to drive superior member experiences, differentiated clinical results and strong financial outcomes, which has led to a compound growth rate since inception through December 31, 2022, of 35 in revenue and 29 in the number of members enrolled in our HMO and PPO contracts Health Plan Membership ). See Our Results below. As we continue to grow and increase density within existing markets, Alignment s brand recognition with senior consumers, relationships with the broker community, and ability to influence provider behavior will continue to power our flywheel and drive sustained growth in our current and new markets. 
 
 Our Results 
 
 In order to achieve our mission of improving healthcare one senior at a time, we have developed a business model with a predictable, recurring revenue stream that provides significant visibility into our financial growth trajectory. We generally contract directly with CMS as a licensed Medicare Advantage plan and receive a recurring per member per month PMPM payment in exchange for bearing the responsibility of our members healthcare outcomes and expenditures. These contractual arrangements, combined with the fact that the majority of our net membership growth occurs effective on January 1 of a calendar year after the annual enrollment period AEP ), provide a higher degree of visibility to our full year projected revenue early in the calendar year, subject to our ability to model for in-year member growth, as well as revenue PMPM, which in turn depends on member health and mortality trends. 
 
 We believe that Medicare Advantage is unique in that it allows one entity to influence the entirety of a senior s healthcare through a single, direct-to-consumer product. Our platform is designed to maximize the benefits of Medicare Advantage, with all stakeholders being rewarded as we improve the clinical outcomes and experience for our consumers. We believe that the outcomes below clearly demonstrate the success of our unique consumer-centric platform by delivering on the promise of our virtuous cycle. 
 
 Our ability to deliver lower healthcare costs while improving the consumer s experience is a unique competitive advantage. In 2022, we achieved a net promoter score of greater than 60 versus the industry average of 40 and a hospitalization rate of approximately 159 hospitalizations per every 1,000 at-risk members, which is approximately 37 lower than the 2019 Medicare FFS performance in our markets. Our care model resulted in a 52 reduction in 2021 emergency room visits among our members compared to 2019 Medicare fee-for-service ER visits and a 26 reduction in member 30-day readmission rates compared to 2019 Medicare fee-for-service readmission rates. This differentiation has led to our demonstrated ability to rapidly scale, as evidenced by the expansion of our model to 52 markets across six states covering approximately 108,300 Health Plan Members as of January 1, 2023. We believe we have proven that our model is highly predictable and repeatable across different markets and will enable strong growth on a national level as we pursue our vision of becoming the most trusted senior healthcare brand in the country. 
 
 We anticipate further investments in our business as we expand into new markets and continue to offer additional innovative product offerings and supplementary benefits in order to attract new members. Accordingly, in the near term we expect that as our business grows our costs related to this growth, such as expanding our operations, hiring additional employees and operating as a public company, also will increase. However, in the longer term we anticipate that these investments will positively impact our business and results. 
 Our Product Solutions 
 
 We leverage our control of the full healthcare dollar and plan design to rethink, redesign and deploy innovative products based on the needs and changing preferences of seniors. 
 
 We deliver our healthcare platform through our Medicare Advantage plan offerings. Our plan offerings reflect CMS s advocacy for improving seniors healthcare experience and addressing social determinants of health, and represent the convergence of quality healthcare, enhanced customer experience and lifestyle-focused features in a direct-to-consumer product. We recognize that no two seniors are alike and strive to meet the needs of a diverse array of consumers. We do this by offering various products that are designed with different populations in mind, all while providing personalized, easy to navigate healthcare with a great consumer experience at a superior value. 
 10 

Our current product portfolio consists of Medicare Advantage products tailored to take into account factors such as health condition (ranging from plans for healthy members to chronic special needs plans), socioeconomic status (including Medicare and Medicaid dually-eligible special needs products), and ethnicity (including our Harmony product, featuring benefits associated with Eastern medicine disciplines). Each product is carefully developed to create an offering that will suit the needs of the diverse senior population. 
 
 Our product offerings are described in the table below. 

Product 
 
 Consumer Target 
 
 Product Description 

HMO 
 
 Cost Conscious, Value Oriented 
 
 Zero or low monthly premium, high value, more limited provider network 

Dually-Eligible 
 
 Low Income, Complex Medical Conditions 
 
 Product designed for dual-eligibles with minimal cost share 

Provider Sponsored Plan 
 
 Provider Brand Conscious 
 
 Co-branded or provider-aligned to jointly market the access of a specific provider with Alignment s Medicare Advantage MA capabilities 

Chronic Special Needs 
 
 Polychronic Conditions, Extra Care Support 
 
 Specialized product design geared towards certain chronic conditions, such as Cardiovascular Disorders, Chronic Heart Failure, and/or Diabetes 

PPO 
 
 Higher Income, Values More Choice 
 
 Greater network flexibility, potentially higher monthly premium /out-of-pocket cost 

Virtual Care 
 
 Tech-savvy; Telehealth Oriented 
 
 Virtual-first primary care offering with rich and expansive supplemental benefits 

Ethnic Product Lines 
 
 Traditionally Underserved Ethnic Communities 
 
 Features products designed with the Asian and Hispanic communities in-mind 

Traditional Medicare/ACO REACH 
 
 Original Medicare; Strong Primary Care Physician PCP Relationship 
 
 Value-based arrangement with CMS for beneficiaries who want to remain in traditional Medicare 

Our plans include PPO offerings in select markets, which we believe are attractive to those seniors that prefer a more open network design. We have also continued to innovate by launching a unique virtual care plan, which will allow our members to select a virtual provider as their primary care physician, enjoy a rich array of benefits, and still access local, in-person healthcare resources when needed. These product line expansions will feature the same quality and experience that members have come to expect of other Alignment products, and our clinical team continues to pursue proactive care management to ensure we can deliver innovative plans at an attractive price point to the consumer. 
 
 We believe that addressing the social determinants of health has a significant impact on the overall health of our seniors. As such, we have expanded our focus beyond traditional medical benefits to design products that provide seniors with a package of benefits and experiences that cover both healthcare and lifestyle needs. In addition to competitive pricing and coverage for primary care providers, specialists, inpatient and emergency room visits, vision, hearing, lab/x-ray services, pharmaceutical coverage and other similar benefits that many Medicare Advantage plans offer, we offer numerous additional features including: 
 ACCESS On-Demand Concierge card : We provide our members with an ACCESS On-Demand Concierge Black Card , an innovative pre-paid debit card that provides consumers with an Alignment-driven retail 

11 

experience combined with incentives for engaging in healthy behavior. The card is pre-funded monthly as part of our supplemental benefit program and allows our members to purchase over-the-counter products at over 32,000 participating drug stores, including CVS, Kroger, Rite Aid, Walmart, and Walgreens. In some markets, our chronically ill members are also eligible for monthly grocery benefits at participating locations including the Kroger family of stores a benefit intended to address the health challenge of food insecurity. The card also incentivizes healthy behavior as seniors are provided with rewards for completing various wellness initiatives, a significant preventative aspect of improving outcomes. 

Companion care : A primary goal of our companion care program is to address feelings of loneliness and isolation, which have been proven to directly impact health outcomes. As such, certain of our plans include a benefit that connects college students with chronically ill members who need assistance with non-medical services, such as light housekeeping, technology lessons and companionship. We believe our companion care benefit enables a highly symbiotic relationship, providing volunteers with a meaningful service opportunity and our members with incremental support and a sense of family. 

Transportation partnerships : We have partnered with transportation companies in order to offer ride services to members, providing them with easy access to transportation to and from medical appointments. This benefit works to solve the challenge of lack of transportation that many seniors face, a social factor that can significantly worsen chronic medical conditions such as diabetes or hypertension if it causes delays in receiving necessary care. Through these partnerships, Alignment is able to facilitate non-emergency, curb-to-curb pickup and drop-off services to plan-approved locations for members. 

Fitness membership : We offer coverage for fitness memberships in certain of our plans. This benefit supports our members wellbeing in several ways, including improving their physical health and activity levels, finding motivation, and managing feelings of loneliness or isolation by becoming part of a community. 

Pet care : We offer coverage for pet boarding to chronically ill members in certain markets who have hospital procedures or emergencies and need pet care while they are away. Our pet care coverage is an example of how we focus on the holistic needs of members, emphasizing the importance of a healthy and happy lifestyle for overall health and engaging with members to address issues that prevent them from seeking and receiving care. 

Personal Emergency Response System (PERS) : In 2021, we introduced our PERS partnership in certain markets, which features a device that allows members who live alone or are at risk of a fall to call for assistance with the push of a button. PERS is intended to strengthen our suite of prevention-oriented products and allow us to support our patients by ensuring they receive timely care in critical moments. 

While not every plan feature is available to all of our members and certain plan features entail additional costs, we have designed our existing portfolio of products to provide us with the flexibility to meet the distinctive needs of the communities we serve and our diverse membership. Our product solutions supported by AVA and our integrated care delivery capabilities are core to our mission of providing the highest-quality healthcare experience to all seniors. 
 
 Our Technology: Alignment s Virtual Application 
 
 AVA empowers senior consumers and all the constituents in their health journey with relevant, timely and complete information as well as actionable insights to improve their health experience and outcomes. 
 Our position in the healthcare ecosystem as a Medicare Advantage plan and having our proprietary unified data platform provides us with differentiated access to large amounts of member data. With the benefit of this information, we are better able to effect change and positively impact our members healthcare experience. Since our founding, we have recognized that harnessing data and information had to be core tenants of our technology solution and care delivery model. As such, we leveraged our management team s experience across healthcare and technology to build AVA our proprietary technology platform designed to provide the best health outcomes and experiences for our members. AVA is a core system that was purpose-built from the ground up with the senior population and their ecosystem in mind. The benefits of AVA apply to our members, as well as everyone in their care ecosystem, including doctors, nurses, caregivers, health plan operational teams and health insurance brokers. 
 Key aspects of the AVA platform include: 
 Cloud scalability : AVA was built in the secure cloud, leveraging Microsoft Azure, to efficiently scale with massive data sets and reduce the need to maintain significant on-premise systems and heavy infrastructure investments as we grow. 

Unified Data Architecture : AVA ingests data through direct feeds and APIs from over 200 sources, including hospital admissions, medical claims, lab results, electronic medical records, prescriptions, connected devices (e.g., blood pressure monitors, scales, glucose readers), call centers, emergency room visits, Black Card purchases, 

12 

health information exchanges, and health risk assessments (e.g., mental status, social determinants). Once the data is ingested, it is cleansed and normalized so that data across different formats (PDFs, natural language, transactional, structured and unstructured) can be correlated, analyzed and leveraged across the ecosystem. This unified data then powers our key stakeholders in the ecosystem with accurate, consistent, and timely data. For example, this data is used to segment our population by acuity, identify at-risk members, intervene with preventative treatments, provide personalized care, and engage members in near real-time to deliver superior and more consistent health outcomes. 

Rules Engine : We developed a scalable rules engine and notification system to codify clinical subject matter expertise, which enables timely interventions and helps determine what actions need to be taken. For example, if a patient is diabetic and out of insulin, a prescription is ordered from a preferred pharmacy and delivered to the member. If a patient is on home oxygen, has poor pulmonary function and flu season is starting, then we engage that member as a priority in our flu prevention campaign. 

Artificial Intelligence AI and Machine learning ML : We have built predictive and cognitive models utilizing AI and ML to determine the most likely factors associated with various outcomes across business operations, such as hospital admission and re-admission risk, member satisfaction, disenrollment risk and various disease propensity scores. Using AI and ML, we are able to determine who is most likely to be admitted, why the algorithm has predicted this outcome and how best to intervene. These models are based on hundreds of thousands of historical outcomes, which have shaped their predictions and accuracy, and are constantly updated with new data sets, enabling them to get smarter and more effective each day. 

Workflows : Based on the output of our data models, we are able to orchestrate specific workflows, in real-time, that benefit the member and their ecosystem, including doctors, nurses, caregivers, health plan operational teams and brokers. When triggered by the relevant data, AVA will deliver prescriptive insights that guide providers workflows to deliver personalized care to members. Examples of workflows can include: ordering a prescription, alerting a caregiver, calling the member, transferring information from a lab to a doctor, and developing a treatment plan. 

Privacy and security : AVA incorporates high security controls around member data, including running regular vulnerability testing, adhering to application security protocols, and implementing fine grained access controls, ensuring only authorized individuals can access member health data. 

Personalized Application Ecosystem: AVA offers a digital ecosystem with a personalized and customizable suite of applications for consumers, internal care teams, external provider partners, health plan operations and brokers/sales agents: 
 Consumer Experience : AVA offers a digital ecosystem that enables our members and their support system to get the information and care they need, when and how they need it. With their AVA-powered member portal and mobile app, seniors have many self-service capabilities and can get 24/7 care, send secure messages to their concierge and care teams, check their rewards and ACCESS Black Card balance, and access their health history, including medical claims history, pharmacy, and benefits data. Our members benefit by receiving a personalized experience in every aspect of how we care for and serve them. 

Internal Care Delivery : Our ability to efficiently and effectively deploy our internal care delivery resources is critical to improving outcomes and managing costs. AVA is vital in our ability to effectively identify and manage our highest risk, most complex members, and to ensure that every intervention opportunity is optimized by the most relevant and effective data available. AVA aggregates longitudinal member data from across the healthcare ecosystem and generates relevant insights based on risk profile to develop an accurate assessment of each member. This data-rich profile allows providers to understand multiple facets of a members health and social barriers, making initial and subsequent interactions more meaningful. 

External Providers : AVA transforms care delivery by shifting the paradigm from silos of care to physicians and payors working together as partners through technology-enablement. Medical group leaders, doctors and front-line administrative staff are provided comprehensive information to streamline and support the coordination of member care. AVA provider applications drive workflows and action lists to improve member outcomes at a lower cost and lower visit frequency. Providers are given access to AVA applications to track utilization, gaps in clinical care, and health risk assessments. This data is utilized to prioritize which members to see and which members may benefit from various health engagement strategies. 

Health Plan Operations : By leveraging a single source of accurate information, we foster improved cross-functional communication and execution across our key value drivers. With the support of AVA our operational leaders can make faster, data-driven decisions, which leads to improved outcomes and greater efficiencies as we grow our membership base. 

13 

Growth Operations : We are able to create greater brand differentiation in the market with our external brokers and our internal sales team by providing them best-in-class digital solutions like AVA Broker Portal and mobile app. These tools streamline application submission and management, client management, commission tracking, and a variety of self-service capabilities specifically for Medicare Advantage. 

When paired with our operational expertise, we believe AVA is integral to our ability to drive our operations and business outcomes consistently across markets. AVA provides us with the flexibility to adapt our operating models to meet the needs of local communities and providers, while achieving high-quality, low-cost care in each market. We designed our technology tools and applications to result in a customized, yet consistent, experience for our members. From driving workflows to enabling smarter interventions, we believe AVA is a significant competitive advantage that allows us to deliver information-enabled healthcare at scale. 
 
 Our Clinical Model 
 
 We engage regularly with members as part of their daily lives and proactively manage their chronic conditions to improve outcomes and reduce cost. 
 
 Our clinical model is designed specifically for seniors and is managed across multiple disciplines (medical, social, psychological, pharmaceutical and functional) and sites of care (home, inpatient, outpatient, virtual and others). Our internal care teams and external providers use AVA to coordinate high-quality care for members and manage the complexity of the healthcare system. Given the prevalence of comorbidities within our chronically ill members, coordination across a multi-disciplinary care team is vital to providing a medical and behavioral care plan that drives improved outcomes. 
 
 Our care delivery model creates a highly personalized experience that is unique to each member depending on their personal health and circumstances. Our clinical continuum separates seniors into four categories in order to provide optimized care for every stage of a senior s life: healthy, healthy utilizer, pre-chronic and chronic. We organize members into these care requirement categories using insights derived from AVA, which reflects detailed profiles of each members individual risks and gaps in care based on our longitudinal and comprehensive data sets. The data below represents a sample of our population stratification from 2022. 

Healthy : The typical member in the healthy category requires low levels of medical care. Healthy members comprise approximately 74 of our membership base but account for only 5 of the institutional claims submitted. 
 
 Healthy Utilizer : The typical member in the healthy utilizer category is an otherwise healthy senior who has had isolated or unexpected health challenges requiring significant medical care. Healthy utilizers comprise approximately 8 of our membership base and account for 20 of the institutional claims submitted. 
 
 Pre-Chronic : The typical member in the pre-chronic category is identified as high-risk by AVA but has yet to incur significant healthcare expenditures. We also refer to these members as on the launching pad , and by deploying our targeted care programs towards this population we work to prevent or slow their increasing acuity levels. Pre-chronic members comprise approximately 8 of our membership but account for only 1 of the institutional claims submitted. Our active approach to monitoring gaps in 
 14 

care and acting before emerging health problems worsen is reflective of the culture of care embedded in our organization, and our focus on being a persistent advocate for our members. 
 
 Chronic : The typical member in the chronic category is generally a complex patient with multiple chronic conditions in need of significant, coordinated care. Chronic members comprise 11 of our membership but account for 74 of the institutional claims submitted. 
 
 Proactive, Coordinated Care Management 
 The majority of healthy and healthy utilizer members care needs are managed by our network of local community providers in conjunction with our support and oversight. We utilize continuous communication with our network of independent primary care providers to ensure that our members have access to preventative and ongoing care. We have also established a variety of tools and applications that provide us with insight into how our various providers are performing on key quality and cost metrics. We use this data to create a routine feedback loop with our external providers for the benefit of our broader senior population. 
 
 Our pre-chronic and chronic members are typically targeted for engagement through our Care Anywhere program. Care Anywhere is an advanced clinician-driven model of care that is staffed by Alignment-employed physicians, advanced practice clinicians, case managers, social workers and behavioral health coaches to assure execution of cross-functional care plans. Unlike many managed care plans, we have built these services in-house to provide valuable, high-quality care to members for free, which complements the care provided by our provider partners for their most challenging and resource-intensive patients. On average, a Care Anywhere patient is 77 years old, has five to six chronic conditions and average monthly institutional healthcare expenditures in excess of 1,500 prior to their first Care Anywhere visit. 
 
 We structure our Care Anywhere program with a focus on prioritizing compassionate and effective care delivery and proactive health management. Key features of the Care Anywhere program include: proactive outreach; 24/7 access; highly detailed personalized care plans; and enhanced coordination of care and social needs. Standardized care programs are targeted to seniors based on their underlying conditions, such as Chronic Heart Failure or Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disorder, which are then personally tailored based on each individual s underlying circumstances. We engage with this high-risk group of seniors based on their preferences for care delivery, which is typically in their homes or through telephonic and video consultations. During the initial months of the COVID-19 pandemic, we were able to rapidly pivot the modality of our clinical care to a virtual setting. In a period of 30 days, we went from approximately 97 of our care delivered in the home to 100 care delivered telephonically and virtually. Our abrupt shift in modality of care exemplifies our adaptability and willingness to prioritize the safety and convenience of our members most in need of care. 
 
 We believe the combined capabilities of customized, coordinated care delivery with our health plan capabilities for this vulnerable population uniquely positions us in the marketplace and differentiates us from other healthcare companies. We believe, based on data gathered and analyzed using AVA, that our Care Anywhere program creates several benefits for our high-risk, complex members: improved quality of life, high patient satisfaction, reductions in unnecessary emergency room visits and inpatient care, and lower re-admission rates. This also allows us to establish a more direct relationship with seniors, building member loyalty and brand recognition. Our Care Anywhere program has an NPS score greater than 70, underscoring the positive impact it has on our most vulnerable members. These improved outcomes translate into financial savings that we can reinvest in our product offerings, which we believe is a significant competitive advantage. 
 
 The following real-life case studies demonstrate how we combine our technology with our cross-functional senior care programs in our pursuit of serving our seniors: 
 
 Case Study #1 Cross-Disciplinary Care Plans Tailored to the Needs of Our Members 
 
 The Issue : Mr. Smith suffers from multiple chronic conditions, including severe depression, schizophrenia, opioid dependence and estrangement from his three adult children. His PCP is not aware that the opioids he takes have rendered his psychiatric medications ineffective due to drug-to-drug interactions. 
 
 Typical Outcome : No intervention, which results in the continued use of an ineffective combination of medications, potentially leading to increased psychiatric issues, social isolation and hospitalizations. 
 
 AVA Response : AVA identifies Mr. Smith as a high-risk member based on his clinical profile. Additionally, AVA algorithms alert us to his recent history of multiple emergency room visits, hospitalizations (20+ in one year) and inpatient psychiatric admissions. Post-engagement, AVA continues to ingest diverse sources of raw data on his medication, treatments received, provider interactions and use of supplemental benefits (e.g., transportation) in order to support our Care Anywhere team s high-touch management of Mr. Smith s care. 
 
 15 

Alignment Superior Solution : Once AVA identifies Mr. Smith s issues, the Care Anywhere team devises a holistic, high-touch care plan which includes regular outreach, care coordination across his providers and pharmacy, and a support system for him via family, neighbors and community service providers. Mr. Smith s care team also identifies the medication regimen that works best for him and coordinates with transportation providers and a local pharmacy to ensure he has reliable access to the care and medications he needs. 
 
 Case Study #2 Preventing Unnecessary Hospitalizations by Addressing Social Factors 
 The Issue : Due to a lack of financial stability and low health literacy, Mr. Jones, a Type 1 diabetic since childhood, frequently visits the emergency room in response to low blood sugar because he cannot afford a balanced diet. 
 
 Typical Outcome : Mr. Jones continues visiting the emergency room and has a high likelihood of hospital readmission. The root cause of his frequent utilization goes unaddressed. 
 
 AVA Response : AVA s AI algorithms leverage the social determinant and chronic illness diagnosis data to stratify the member as high-risk. Mr. Jones telehealth call for low blood sugar is automatically routed to the after-hours on-call physician at Alignment due to his status in AVA as a vulnerable member. AVA s Patient 360 platform notifies the on-call physician of the member s food needs, leading to an after-hours call and targeted intervention. 
 
 Alignment Superior Solution : Alignment s on-call physician queries the member regarding his food instability, and after gaining an understanding of the significant barriers he faces has food delivered to Mr. Jones within 30 minutes to elevate his blood sugar. Mr. Jones is enrolled in the Care Anywhere program and seen by a nurse the next morning, who then enrolls him into Mom s Meals food delivery program. Mr. Jones has regular check ins with the Alignment social worker and Care Anywhere provider which prevents further emergency room utilization for low blood sugar. Mr. Jones is a highly satisfied member given Alignment s initial intervention and ongoing support. 
 
 Case Study #3 Clinical Interventions Leveraging Longitudinal Member Data 
 
 The Issue : Mrs. Johnson enters an emergency room at an out-of-network facility with shortness of breath and an undiagnosed pulmonary embolism (blood clot in her lung). 
 
 Typical Outcome : After a brief evaluation, the emergency room doctor sends Mrs. Johnson home without any communication with the patient s health plan. The health plan may not know Mrs. Johnson was in the emergency room until a claim arrives 30 days later. Meanwhile, Mrs. Johnson s pulmonary embolism remains undiagnosed and untreated, leaving Mrs. Johnson vulnerable to a catastrophic outcome. 
 
 AVA Response : AVA generates a notification of Mrs. Johnson s emergency room visit through a centralized data feed. AVA, which contains Mrs. Johnson s entire medical history, including information from unrelated specialists, indicates a high risk of blood clots based on a pharmacy alert triggered by a prescription for an anticoagulant medication in her medical records. The AVA Patient 360 platform shares the alert with Alignment s on-call physician. 
 
 Alignment Superior Solution : Alignment is ready and equipped to provide consultation with emergency room doctors 24 hours a day. The Alignment on-call physician engages with the emergency room physician to discuss the AVA alert, causing the emergency room doctor to conduct a further assessment of Mrs. Johnson s condition. Upon further evaluation, the emergency room doctor recognizes the significant risk at-hand and immediately has Mrs. Johnson admitted to the hospital instead of sending her home as previously planned. Mrs. Johnson then has her blood clot appropriately treated, potentially avoiding a catastrophic outcome. 
 
 Our collective investment in our care model and technology platform has produced strong clinical outcomes for our seniors. In 2022, we achieved a hospitalization rate of approximately 159 hospitalizations per every 1,000 at-risk members, which is approximately 37 lower than the 2019 Medicare FFS performance in our markets. Further, we have achieved approximately 155-165 inpatient admissions per thousand on our at-risk membership for the last five years in a row, in spite of our significant membership growth over that period of time. 
 
 16 

(1) FFS benchmark based on 2022 enrollment mix by market using 2020 Medicare FFS data. 2022 inpatient admits/k metric represents estimated full year 2022. Historical periods include estimated utilization where appropriate to account for billing settlements. 

Our Growth Strategy 
 Accelerate our virtuous cycle flywheel to drive growth across markets while continuing to innovate and expand our product offerings. 
 
 The key elements of our growth strategy include: 
 
 Capitalize on the significant opportunity within our current markets 
 
 We currently operate in 52 markets, or counties, across California, North Carolina, Nevada, Arizona, Florida and Texas. We had approximately 108,300 Health Plan Members across these markets, as of January 1, 2023, representing approximately 3 of the overall market share among seniors that are in a Medicare Advantage plan in these counties; as such, we believe there is tremendous opportunity for growth in our existing geographical footprint. Meanwhile, we believe we have demonstrated an ability to compete with much larger competitors due to the significant value proposition of our product offerings: 
 In our California markets, we were one of the top three Medicare Advantage Organizations in terms of HMO net membership growth between 2016 and 2023; for that time period, we were also the fastest growing Medicare Advantage plan in our California markets based on compound annual HMO membership, among plans that began 2016 with greater than 10,000 members; 

In that time period, approximately 70 of our new members switched to our health plan from competing Medicare Advantage plans; and 

We have grown to approximately 10-20 market share in our most mature markets, which include San Joaquin, Santa Clara and Stanislaus, California, among others. 

We selected our initial markets due to their highly concentrated senior populations and favorable statewide demographic trends. For example, California has over 6.6 million Medicare eligible seniors, the highest of any state. According to CMS data, Los Angeles County alone has more seniors than 38 individual states. There are approximately 8.3 million Medicare eligible seniors and approximately 4.4 million Medicare Advantage enrollees in our current markets, which we estimate represents a total addressable market of approximately 103 billion. Additionally, Medicare Advantage penetration is rapidly increasing in our 
 17 

existing markets, reaching 53 across California, North Carolina, Nevada, Arizona, Florida and Texas according to CMS as of January 2023. 
 
 We attract new members through both our internal and external sales channels. Our internal sales channel consists of Alignment representatives, both in the field and telephonically, who market and sell Alignment s portfolio of products to prospective members. This channel also includes our new sales to members who sign up using Alignment s direct online enrollment tools. Our external sales channel consists of partnerships with third-party broker channels who sell Alignment products alongside competing products. These third-party organizations also employ in person, telephonic and online sales distribution channels. Our growth will depend on our continued success in marketing our products through these channels. We believe that we will continue to gain share in our current markets due to our strong track record of providing exceptional care, expanding our network with new contracts and innovative partnerships with a wide array of providers and offering a best-in-class member experience. 
 
 Expand into new markets 
 
 Given our track record of delivering exceptional results and delighting consumers in our existing markets, we recently launched our national expansion strategy guided by our disciplined approach to identifying new markets. In geographically adjacent markets, we have the benefit of leveraging our existing provider relationships and infrastructure to expand more rapidly in a less capital-intensive manner. In entirely new markets, we can reach scale quickly given our highly portable and adaptable AVA technology platform and our wealth of transferable care management expertise. 
 
 Our model enables us to deliver high-quality care and exceptional experience for our members across a diverse array of markets. We intend to focus on markets with significant senior populations where we expect to be able to replicate our model most effectively. An important component of our model is our ability to be flexible in our approach to contracting with provider partners and to tailor our applications and services. Since our founding in 2013, we have been successful in rural, urban and suburban markets, as well as markets with varying degrees of provider and health system competition and control. Additionally, our markets feature a diverse array of membership profiles across ethnicities, income levels and acuity. As a result, our model and platform are designed to scale and allow us to provide a predictable and replicable set of outcomes, regardless of the local market considerations. 
 
 Through our thoughtful and disciplined national expansion strategy, we believe we will be able to sustainably scale and reliably replicate our competitive advantages in new markets. 
 
 Partner with providers to accelerate growth and improve operational performance 
 
 We intend to grow in new and existing markets by leveraging the flexibility and adaptability of our model to contract with provider partners across a spectrum of risk sharing arrangements. Across our 52 existing markets, we have a wide variety of successful operating and financial arrangements with medical groups, shared risk providers, affiliate providers, providers employed by health systems and community-based, independent primary care physicians. These arrangements typically have multi-year terms across a number of contractual and financial frameworks. Our approach to contracting includes forms of capitation, including global, partial, or primary care risk, and fee-for-service payments. In addition to the basic form of the contract, and to further align ourselves with our provider partners, we often use upside-only incentive programs in an effort to engage our delivery network towards coordinating and supporting our members care delivery plans, including the provision of high-quality, cost-effective care. Within these relationships we can deploy different aspects of the existing Alignment toolkit depending on the level of risk and provider infrastructure. Our value-based approach to patient care and provider contracts, including profit and risk share programs, ensures that economic incentives are well-aligned so that providers can focus on delivering the best care. By enabling successful outcomes and offering an appealing value proposition to new provider partners, we are able to grow in new markets and rapidly build out robust provider networks that drive further growth for our platform. 
 
 We have also developed a track record of enabling mid-sized independent physician associations IPAs and provider groups to thrive by providing them with access to a scaled platform that includes provider tools and support structures that enable them to effectively manage Medicare Advantage patients. As we grow and continue to partner with the physician community, we believe there will be increased opportunities to vertically integrate with providers. These opportunities could come in the form of minority investments, affiliate-relationships, joint ventures or acquisitions, and could generate growth and longer-term margin expansion opportunities by capturing additional channels of revenue outside of the Medicare Advantage business model. Vertical integration provides a true win-win scenario in which the member, physician and health plan benefit from better care coordination, enhanced product design and delivery, and superior data sharing and operational integration. These integrated benefits lead to an improved consumer experience and increased ability to invest in growth. 
 
 Expand services and product offerings 
 
 18 

We see substantial opportunity to continue to build on our existing Medicare Advantage health plan offerings by providing an expanding portfolio of direct-to-consumer products. With the launch of our Medicare Advantage PPO products in 2020, we began to offer senior members additional choices while still relying on our sophisticated technology platform and member support model to provide proactive care to our members. Furthermore, the COVID-19 pandemic has accelerated a shift towards and increased preference for virtual care. As a result, we launched a virtual care plan in 2021, which allows our members to select a virtual provider as their primary care physician, enjoy a rich array of benefits, and still access local, in-person healthcare resources when needed. We will continue to tailor new Medicare Advantage product offerings to meet the distinct needs of our members in the future, such as potentially offering special needs plans tailored for niche populations. 
 
 We believe we can continue to drive our longer-term growth by insourcing certain product lines over time, such as vision, dental, specialty pharmacy, and others. We believe this horizontal integration of various product features can be further coupled with other forms of more vertical integration, such as hospice, home health or behavioral health, to directly serve a broader range of our members needs. Expanded offerings will continue to provide our healthcare consumers with more integrated services, which enhances their Alignment experience and contributes to improved quality of life and health. 
 
 Extending the Alignment model to broader senior populations 
 
 We will continue to innovate as regulatory changes expand our opportunities to deliver the Alignment experience to seniors in traditional Medicare and we are evaluating other opportunities to leverage our historical investments in our technology platform and our comprehensive clinical model across our existing and potentially new geographies. For example, we participate in the CMS Center for Medicare and Medicaid Innovation s CMMI direct contracting arrangement, now known as ACO REACH, which allows us to partner directly with physicians to help manage their Medicare FFS patient populations and participate in the upside and downside risk for caring for traditional Medicare members associated with managing the health of such patients. This program opens additional opportunities for us to deploy our technology platform and care management capabilities across a broader set of members and potentially new markets. As of January 1, 2023, we had approximately 7,900 members in the ACO REACH program arrangement with our physician partners in North Carolina, California and Nevada. While still in its early stages, we believe this effort is indicative of the value Alignment can potentially deliver to a broader set of seniors in traditional Medicare over time. 
 
 Grow through strategic acquisitions 
 
 We continually evaluate potential acquisition targets that would accelerate growth, enhance our care delivery model, and/or allow us to apply the Alignment model across broader populations. We will primarily focus on acquiring healthcare delivery groups in key geographies, standalone and provider-sponsored Medicare Advantage plans and other complementary risk bearing assets. We will also selectively explore additional opportunities that serve to enhance our technology platform and product offerings for our members and partners. 
 
 Regulation 
 
 Our operations and those of our affiliated entities are subject to extensive federal, state and local governmental laws and regulations. These laws and regulations require us to meet various standards relating to, among other things, reports to CMS, personnel qualifications, maintenance of proper records and quality assurance programs and patient care. The majority of our regulation and oversight comes from CMS, which regulates almost every aspect of our business, including our provider network, benefits, member enrollment, risk adjustment program, plan offerings, claims payments, quality improvement programs, and appeals and grievances. We have entered into standard form agreements with CMS pursuant to Sections 1851 through 1859 and Sections 1860D-1 through 1860D-43 of the Social Security Act SSA ), pursuant to which we have agreed to operate our plans in accordance with applicable laws and regulations and CMS has agreed to make payments to us under the SSA. Each CMS contract has a one-year term expiring on December 31 of the applicable calendar year and is subject to annual one-year renewal terms. Under the contracts we are obligated to provide our members basic benefits and services covered by Part A and Part B of the original Medicare Program, any applicable supplemental benefits we elect to provide in our final benefit and price bid proposals approved by CMS, and prescription drugs. The CMS contracts further require us to develop our annual benefit and price bid proposals and submit to CMS all related information on premiums, benefits and cost sharing by no later than the first Monday in June prior to the commencement of the subsequent calendar year to which they apply, in accordance with the CMS regulations. Each CMS contract may be terminated by mutual consent or by CMS or by us for cause. We are required to accept new enrollments, make enrollments effective, process voluntary disenrollments and limit involuntary disenrollments in accordance with the CMS regulations. Generally, to enroll or remain enrolled in one of our Medicare Advantage plans, an individual must be a U.S. citizen or lawfully present in the United States, be entitled to Medicare under Part A and enrolled in Part B, reside in the service area covered by the plan, complete and sign the required election forms to enroll and agree to abide by the rules of the Medicare Advantage plan into which he or she is enrolled or intends to enroll. Such agreements also provide for member and provider protections and marketing requirements, as well as recordkeeping and reporting requirements, all with reference to applicable laws and regulations. If any of our operations or those of our affiliated professional medical corporations are found to violate applicable laws or regulations, or if we otherwise failed to adhere to our contracts with CMS, we could suffer 
 19 

severe consequences that would have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, cash flows, reputation and stock price, including: 
 termination of one or more of our Medicare Advantage plans or contracts; 

suspension of our marketing of and/or enrollment into our Medicare Advantage plans; 

civil monetary penalties; 

refunds of amounts received in violation of law or applicable Medicare Advantage requirements dating back to the applicable statute of limitation periods; 

loss of our required government certifications; 

loss of our licenses required to operate our clinics and in-house care delivery programs; 

criminal or civil liability, fines, damages or monetary penalties for violations of healthcare fraud and abuse laws, including the Stark Law, the Anti-Kickback Statute, the FCA and the Civil Monetary Penalties Law and/or state analogs to these federal enforcement authorities, or other regulatory requirements; 

enforcement actions by governmental agencies and/or state law claims for monetary damages by patients who believe their health information has been used, disclosed or not properly safeguarded in violation of federal or state patient privacy laws, including the regulations implementing the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act of 2009 (the HITECH Act ), and their implementing regulations (collectively known as HIPAA 

mandated changes to our practices or procedures that significantly increase operating expenses or decrease our revenue; 

imposition of and compliance with corporate integrity agreements that could subject us to ongoing audits and reporting requirements, as well as increased scrutiny of our business practices which could lead to potential fines, among other things; 

termination of various relationships and/or contracts related to our business, including provider arrangements; 

changes in and reinterpretation of rules and laws by a regulatory agency or court, such as state corporate practice of medicine laws, that could affect the structure and management of our business and our affiliated physician-owned professional medical groups; 

negative adjustments to government payment models including, but not limited to, Parts A, B and D benefits; and 

harm to our reputation, which could negatively impact our business relationships, our ability to attract and retain patients and physicians, our ability to obtain financing and our access to new business opportunities, among other things. 

We expect that our industry will continue to be subject to substantial regulation, the scope and effect of which are difficult to predict. See Risk Factors Risks Related to Regulation. 
 
 In addition to the SSA, CMS regulations, and our contractual obligations, we must also comply with a variety of other laws: 
 
 HIPAA, HITECH Act and Other Laws, Rules and Regulations Related to Data Privacy 
 
 We are subject to data privacy and protection and breach notification laws and regulations that apply to the collection, transmission, storage and use of protected health information PHI ), and other types of personal data or personally identifiable information PII ), which among other things, impose certain requirements relating to the privacy and security of PII. The legislative and regulatory landscape for privacy and data protection continues to evolve, and there has been an increasing focus on privacy and data protection issues with the potential to affect our business. Failure to comply with any of these laws and regulations could result in enforcement action against us, including fines, public censure, claims for damages by affected individuals, damage to our reputation and loss of goodwill. Ongoing efforts to comply with evolving laws and regulations may be costly and require ongoing modifications to our policies, procedures and systems. 
 
 The use of individually identifiable health data by our business is regulated at federal and state levels. These laws and rules are changed frequently by legislation or administrative interpretation. Various state laws address the use and maintenance of individually identifiable health information. Most are derived from the privacy and security regulations promulgated under HIPAA. HIPAA includes administrative provisions directed at simplifying electronic data interchange through standardizing transactions, establishing uniform healthcare provider, payer, and employer identifiers, and establishing regulations aimed at protecting confidentiality and security of patient and member data. The rules preempt all inconsistent state laws unless the state 
 20 

law is more privacy-protective. These regulations, in addition to other state laws, set standards for the security of electronic health information, including requirements that insurers provide customers with notice regarding how their individually identifiable health information is used. 
 
 HIPAA imposes mandatory penalties for certain violations. Penalties for violations of HIPAA and its implementing regulations currently start at 127 per violation and are not to exceed approximately 64,000 per violation, subject to a cap of approximately 1.9 million for violations of the same standard in a single calendar year. However, a single breach incident can result in violations of multiple standards. The penalty amounts listed above are also due for inflation adjustments in 2023. 
 
 HIPAA also authorizes state attorneys general to file suit on behalf of their residents for statutory damages of up to 25,000. While HIPAA does not create a private right of action allowing individuals to sue in civil court for violations of HIPAA, its standards have been used as the basis for duty of care in state civil suits such as those for negligence or recklessness in the misuse or breach of PHI. 
 
 In addition, HIPAA mandates that the Secretary of the Department of Health and Human Services HHS conduct periodic compliance audits of HIPAA-covered entities and business associates for compliance with HIPAA s privacy and security standards. It also tasks HHS with establishing a methodology whereby harmed individuals who were the victims of breaches of unsecured PHI may receive a percentage of any civil monetary penalty fine paid by the violator. 
 
 HIPAA further requires that members be notified of any unauthorized acquisition, access, use or disclosure of their unsecured PHI that compromises the privacy or security of such information, with certain exceptions related to unintentional or inadvertent use or disclosure by employees or authorized individuals. HIPAA specifies that such notifications must be made without unreasonable delay and in no case later than 60 calendar days after discovery of the breach. If a breach affects 500 patients or more, it must be reported to HHS without unreasonable delay, and HHS will post the name of the breaching entity on its public website. Breaches affecting more than 500 patients in the same state or jurisdiction must also be reported to the local media. If a breach involves fewer than 500 people, the covered entity must record it in a log and notify HHS at least annually. 
 
 We also publish statements to our members and partners that describe how we handle and protect PHI. If federal or state regulatory authorities or private litigants consider any portion of these statements to be untrue, we may be subject to claims of deceptive practices, which could lead to significant liabilities and consequences, including, without limitation, costs of responding to investigations, defending against litigation, settling claims, and complying with regulatory or court orders. 
 
 Data privacy and security at the state level remains an evolving landscape. For example, California s California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 CCPA ), which came into effect on January 1, 2020, has since been amended by the California Privacy Rights Act CPRA ), which became effective on January 1, 2023 and is scheduled to begin enforcement on July 1, 2023. The CCPA, as amended by the CPRA, expands on the existing rights provided to California residents and will include rights to know, delete, correct, personal information; limit the use of sensitive personal information; and opt out of the sale of personal information or the sharing of personal information with third parties for purposes of cross-context behavioral advertising. There are also new requirements for data processing and cybersecurity assessments, and contracting requirements for service providers, third parties, and contractors who receive and process information from the regulated business. The CPRA amendment created a new state agency, the California Privacy Protection Agency CPPA ), to enforce and implement the law. This agency will be able to finance operations through penalties issued and, with the CPRA s removal of the mandatory cure period from the CCPA, we will have less warning before compliance risk results in legal action. Additionally, the CCPA s exemption for personal information of personnel (including employees, job applicants, officers, and directors) and business-to-business contacts has been allowed to sunset. As a result, beginning on January 1, 2023, personal information of California resident personnel and business contacts became subject to the CCPA. This has created new compliance obligations for our operations. 
 
 The CCPA and CPRA contain exemptions for medical information governed by the California Confidentiality of Medical Information Act, and for PHI collected by a covered entity or business associate governed by the privacy, security, and breach notification rule established pursuant to HIPAA. This exempts much of the data we process, but the CPPA has yet to publish final regulations detailing its full compliance expectations under the CCPA. 
 
 The CCPA has prompted a number of proposals for new federal and state-level privacy legislation. Such proposed legislation, if enacted, may add additional complexity, variation in requirements, restrictions and potential legal risk, require additional investment of resources in compliance programs, impact strategies and the availability of previously useful data and could result in increased compliance costs and/or changes in business practices and policies. For example, the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act (the VCDPA ), which became effective January 1, 2023, gives Virginia residents expanded rights to access and creates additional obligations on companies covered by the legislation and the Nevada Privacy Law, which became effective on October 1, 2019, requires businesses to give website users the option to opt-out of the sale of their data. Similar laws will also become effective in 2023 in Colorado, Connecticut, and Utah. These state laws also all currently have entity level exemptions for HIPAA regulated covered entities and business associates, and exempt personal information collected in the context of employment and business-to-business relationships. 
 21 

While the CPRA/CCPA is an example of consumer privacy law, the NAIC s Insurance Data Security Model Law (the Model Law is a different type of law focused on securing insurance licensees information systems. Versions of this Model Law have been passed in many states and are expected to be passed in more states in the coming years. Similar to HIPAA, the Model Law requires the implementation of technical, administrative, and physical information security practices and procedures and includes reporting requirements for data breaches. These Model Laws are typically enforced by state insurance regulators. We are not currently subject to any of these laws that have been adopted to date. 
 
 It is possible that applicable laws may be interpreted and applied in a manner that is inconsistent with our practices and our efforts to comply with the evolving data protection rules may be unsuccessful. We must devote significant resources to understanding and complying with this changing landscape. Failure to comply with laws regarding privacy and security of PHI and other PII could expose us to penalties under such laws. Any such failure to comply with data protection and privacy laws could result in government-imposed fines or orders requiring that we change our practices, claims for damages or other liabilities, regulatory investigations and enforcement action, litigation and significant costs for remediation. 
 
 As indicated above, there are numerous federal and state laws and regulations addressing patient and consumer privacy concerns, including notification requirements in the event of unauthorized access or theft of personal information. State statutes and regulations vary from state to state. Substantially all of our relevant member data is maintained on our technology platform, AVA, which aggregates and provides us with access to extensive member datasets, including individually identifiable PHI. Violations of HIPAA or applicable federal or state laws or regulations could subject us to significant criminal or civil penalties, including significant monetary penalties. Compliance with HIPAA and other privacy regulations requires significant and ongoing systems enhancements, training and administrative effort. See Risk Factors Security breaches, loss of data and other disruptions could compromise sensitive information related to our business or our members, or prevent us from accessing critical information and expose us to liability, which could adversely affect our business and our reputation . 
 
 Our business and operations may also be subject to federal, state, and local consumer protection laws governing marketing communications, including the Telephone Consumer Protection Act TCPA ), which places restrictions on the use of automated tools and technologies to communicate with wireless telephone subscribers or communications services consumers generally and the CAN-SPAM Act, which regulates the transmission of marketing emails. In addition, certain of our businesses are also subject to the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard PCI DSS ), which is a multifaceted industry security standard that is designed to protect credit card account data as mandated by payment brands and acquiring banks. 
 
 The Health Care Reform Law and Other Current or Future Legislative, Judicial or Regulatory Changes 
 The Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and The Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010 (which we collectively refer to as the Health Care Reform Law enacted significant reforms to various aspects of the U.S. health insurance industry. Certain significant provisions of the Health Care Reform Law include, among others, mandated coverage requirements, mandated benefits and guarantee issuance associated with commercial medical insurance, rebates to policyholders based on minimum benefit ratios, adjustments to Medicare Advantage premiums, the establishment of federally facilitated or state-based exchanges coupled with programs designed to spread risk among insurers, and the introduction of plan designs based on set actuarial values. Some of these changes impact us and other entities that offer Medicare Advantage plans. In addition, the Health Care Reform Law established insurance industry assessments, including an annual health insurance industry fee. 
 Corporate Practice of Medicine and Other Laws 
 As a corporate entity, we are not licensed to practice medicine. Many states in which we operate through our subsidiaries limit the practice of medicine to licensed individuals or professional organizations comprised of licensed individuals, and business corporations generally may not exercise control over the medical decisions of physicians. Statutes, regulations and court decisions relating to the practice of medicine, fee-splitting between physicians and referral sources, and similar issues vary widely from state to state. The laws and regulations in these areas are complex, changing, and often subject to varying interpretations. The interpretation and enforcement of these laws vary significantly from state to state. Under management agreements between certain of our subsidiaries and associated physician-owned professional groups, these groups retain sole responsibility for all medical decisions, as well as for hiring and managing physicians and other licensed healthcare providers, developing operating policies and procedures, implementing professional standards and controls, and maintaining malpractice insurance. 
 We, our in-house and externally engaged physicians and the facilities in which they operate are subject to various federal, state and local licensing and certification laws and regulations and accreditation standards and other laws, relating to, among other things, the adequacy of medical care, equipment, privacy of member information, physician relationships, personnel and operating policies and procedures. Failure to comply with these licensing, certification and accreditation laws, regulations and standards could result in prior payments being subject to recoupment, requirements to make significant changes to our operations and can give rise to civil or, in extreme cases, criminal penalties. We routinely take the steps we believe are necessary to retain or obtain all requisite licensure and operating authorities. 
 22 

In jurisdictions where the corporate practice of medicine is prohibited, we have historically operated by maintaining long-term management and administrative services contracts with multiple associated professional medical entities that are wholly owned or primarily owned by physicians employed by us and, in turn, employ or contract with physicians to provide those professional medical services required by our members. Under these management agreements, our primary operating subsidiary performs only non-medical administrative services, does not represent that it offers medical services and does not exercise influence or control over the practice of medicine by the physicians or the associated physician groups. In addition to the above management arrangements, we have certain contractual rights relating to the orderly transfer of equity interests in our associated physician practices through succession agreements and other arrangements with their physician equity holders. Such equity interests cannot, however, be transferred to or held by us or by any non-professional medical entity. Accordingly, neither we nor our direct subsidiaries directly own any equity interests in any of our associated physician practices. 
 
 Anti-Kickback, Physician Self-Referral and Other Fraud and Abuse Laws 
 
 A federal law commonly referred to as the Anti-Kickback Statute prohibits the offer, payment, solicitation, or receipt of any form of remuneration to induce, or in return for, the referral of Medicare or other governmental health program patients or patient care opportunities, or in return for the purchase, lease or order of items or services that are covered by Medicare or other federal governmental health programs. Because the prohibitions contained in the Anti-Kickback Statute apply to the furnishing of items or services for which payment is made in whole or in part, the Anti-Kickback Statute could be implicated if any portion of an item or service we provide is covered by any of the state or federal health benefit programs described above. Violation of these provisions constitutes a felony criminal offense and applicable sanctions could include exclusion from the Medicare and Medicaid programs. 
 
 Section 1877 of the Social Security Act, commonly known as the Stark Law, prohibits physicians, subject to certain exceptions described below, from referring Medicare or Medicaid patients to an entity providing designated health services in which the physician, or an immediate family member, has an ownership or investment interest or with which the physician, or an immediate family member, has entered into a compensation arrangement. These prohibitions, contained in the Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1993, commonly known as Stark II, amended prior federal physician self-referral legislation known as Stark I by expanding the list of designated health services to a total of 11 categories. The professional groups with which we are contracted or affiliated provide one or more of these designated health services. Persons or entities found to be in violation of the Stark Law are subject to denial of payment for services furnished pursuant to an improper referral, civil monetary penalties, and exclusion from the Medicare and Medicaid programs. 
 
 A federal law commonly referred to as the False Claims Act prohibits the submission of a false or fraudulent claim to the government for payment or approval. Qui tam relators and/or the government may take the position that we submit certain data or information that could form the basis of a claim for payment, thus subjecting us to allegations under the False Claims Act. In such events, we could be subject to treble damages and per-claim penalties. 
 
 Many states also have enacted laws similar in scope and purpose to the Anti-Kickback Statute and, in more limited instances, the Stark Law, that are not limited to services for which Medicare or Medicaid payment is made. In addition, most states have statutes, regulations, or professional codes that restrict a physician from accepting various kinds of remuneration in exchange for making referrals. These laws vary from state to state and have seldom been interpreted by the courts or regulatory agencies. In states that have enacted these statutes, we believe that regulatory authorities and state courts interpreting these statutes may regard federal law under the Anti-Kickback Statute and the Stark Law as persuasive. 
 
 State Regulation of Insurance-Related Products 
 
 Laws in each of the states in which we operate our business license and regulate entities that offer health plans to residents of that state. The products we offer are sold under licenses issued by the applicable insurance regulators. However, for entities offering Medicare Advantage plans, federal law preempts all state laws and regulations except those relating to licensing and financial solvency. 
 
 Certain of our licensed insurance subsidiaries are also subject to regulation under state insurance holding company regulations. These regulations generally require, among other things, prior approval and/or notice of new products, rates, benefit changes, and certain material transactions, including dividend payments, purchases or sales of assets, intercompany agreements, and the filing of various financial and operational reports. The amount of dividends that may be paid to us by these insurance subsidiaries, without prior approval by state regulatory authorities, or ordinary dividends, is limited based on the entity s level of statutory income and statutory capital and surplus. Actual dividends paid may vary due to consideration of excess statutory capital and surplus and expected future surplus requirements. We continue to maintain our levels of aggregate excess statutory capital and surplus in our state-regulated operating subsidiaries. Dividends from our non-insurance companies are generally not restricted by departments of insurance. See Risk Factors Risks Related to Regulation State Regulation of Insurance-Related Products . 
 
 23 

Intellectual Property 
 We believe that our intellectual property rights are valuable and critical to our business stability and growth. We rely on a combination of trademarks, copyrights, trade secrets, know-how license agreements and confidentiality procedures, non-disclosure agreements, employee disclosure and invention assignment agreements and other contractual rights to establish and protect our proprietary rights. 
 We do not have any issued patents with respect to our AVA platform, and we are not currently pursuing any patent applications. 
 We intend to pursue additional intellectual property protection to the extent we believe it would be beneficial and cost effective. 
 Competition 
 
 The U.S. healthcare insurance industry is highly competitive. Our competitors vary by local market and include other managed care companies, national insurance companies, HMOs and PPOs. Many of our competitors have a larger membership base and/or greater financial resources than we do. In addition, other companies may enter our markets in the future, including emerging competitors in the Medicare Advantage program or competitors in the delivery of healthcare services. We believe that barriers to entry in our markets are not substantial, so the addition of new competitors can occur relatively easily, and customers enjoy significant flexibility in moving between competitors. Contracts for the sale of our products are generally tied to an annual bidding process with CMS. While health plans compete on the basis of many factors, including service and the quality and depth of provider networks, we expect that price and Star ratings will continue to be significant bases of competition. In addition to the challenge of controlling healthcare costs, we face intense competitive pressure to contain premium prices. Factors such as business consolidations, strategic alliances, legislative reform and marketing practices create pressure to contain premium price increases, despite being faced with increasing medical costs. The primary competitive factors for our industry include, but are not limited to, the following: 
 premium price; 

Star ratings; 

breadth and richness of benefits, such as maximum out-of-pocket, deductibles, co-pays, Part B rebates, in addition to others; 

diversity of services and products offered, particularly ones that address the social determinants of health; 

breadth of network access; 

level of member engagement; 

level of member satisfaction; 

the quality of the member experience provided, including member service; 

care delivery and health outcomes; 

costs of care; 

ability to recruit and retain skilled employees and clinicians; 

brand identity and reputation; and 

regulatory compliance 

Environmental, Social and Governance and Human Capital 
 
 Environmental, Social and Governance 
 
 We are committed to implementing meaningful environmental, social, and governance ESG practices. Our goal is to drive sustainable business growth while balancing our responsibilities to shareholders, employees, members, and the greater community. The three pillars to our ESG approach are the following: 
 
 Serving People Our employees are our most valuable asset, and we are dedicated to providing them with a safe, diverse, and inclusive workplace. See Employees and Human Capital Resources below. We are also dedicated to serving our members with the utmost care and concern for their safety and health and strive to support our health care providers with the tools and resources needed to provide the best care. 

24 

Serving the Environment Our company is focused on reducing its carbon footprint by implementing energy-efficient practices, reducing water and waste, and exploring renewable energy sources. 

Serving Responsibly We are committed to maintaining a high level of transparency and accountability across our operations. Our Board of Directors includes a strong and diverse mix of experienced business leaders and is committed to providing effective oversight of the Company s activities. 

In 2022, we released our inaugural ESG report and created an ESG Steering Committee comprised of cross-functional leaders representing every department within the Company. Our aim is to continue fortifying each pillar and to operate with transparency in a way that always puts seniors first, and respects all people, communities, conditions, and environments. 
 
 Employees and Human Capital Resources 
 
 We are focused on building a company that is transforming health care by putting seniors first with our on-demand care, and our employees are critical to our success. Our Human Capital strategy focuses on meeting business objectives by attracting, developing, engaging, and retaining a high-performing, diverse workforce. As of December 31, 2022, we had 1,037 full-time employees in addition to seasonal employees who assist with the Medicare AEP. 
 
 We believe that an engaged, innovative, and productive workforce is essential to supporting our company s mission of changing healthcare one person at a time, as well as our values of putting our members first, supporting our physicians, applying technology to advance care, and having a serving heart. Each year, we conduct an employee survey that enables our leaders to develop action plans to further enhance employee engagement and productivity. 
 
 We recognize that Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion DEI is crucial as we scale and build our high-performing team. Our DEI strategy continues to be embedded in each aspect of our processes, programs, and structures that drive our talent lifecycle: attraction, recruitment, onboarding, development, and retention efforts. Our efforts to recruit for excellence are reflected in the composition of our current employee workforce and Board of Directors, which are comprised of a diverse group of highly qualified individuals that represent top talent in the industry. As of December 31, 2022: 
 71 of our employees were female; 

66 of our employees were ethnically diverse; 

50 of our executive team was ethnically diverse; 

30 of our executive team was female; 

18 of our Board of Directors was ethnically diverse; and 

36 of our Board of Directors was female. 

The future success of our company will depend, in part, on our continued ability to attract, develop and retain the best talent as we grow and scale the organization. Our talent acquisition and management strategies are designed to ensure that we create and develop a pipeline of outstanding physicians, clinical employees, and business leaders. A key component of our corporate sustainability and success is learning and development. We are intentional in our efforts to provide all employees opportunities to grow. Our training and development programs for employees focus on enhancing and developing talent within the company. All of our employees can access the training of their choice on-demand through our learning and development platform. We are currently designing additional training programs and resources for both new hires and longer-tenured employees that will educate them on critical functional areas of within the organization. 
 Our compensation and incentive plans are designed to attract, retain, and reward employees by granting cash-based performance and stock-based awards. By motivating individuals to achieve business objectives and perform to the best of their abilities, they support the success of the company and the increase of stockholder value. We also provide comprehensive medical benefits, a positive work/life balance, generous paid time off, health and wellness programs, and learning and development opportunities. We regularly evaluate each aspect of compensation and benefits to ensure they align with the market and our peers. 
 We value the safety of our employees and have created a largely remote-work environment during the pandemic. Our current workforce model has employees working in a hybrid-remote fashion, with some member-facing employees having returned to an in-person work environment. We plan on implementing a workforce strategy that further enhances our ability to attract the best talent nationally and continues to provide our employees with a healthy work-life balance. 
 Our board of directors believes that human capital management is an essential component of our continued growth and success. Management regularly reports to our board for input on important decisions related to human capital, including corporate culture, safety, compliance, talent management, organizational development, compensation, and benefits. 
 
 25 

Corporate Information 
 
 We were originally formed as a Delaware limited liability company under the name Alignment Healthcare Holdings, LLC in 2013. In March 2021, we completed the Corporate Conversion and Corporate Reorganization and changed our name to Alignment Healthcare, Inc. During the same month, we completed our initial public offering and our common stock began trading on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol ALHC. 
 
 Our principal executive office is located at 1100 W. Town Country Rd., Suite 1600, Orange, CA 92868 and our phone number is (844) 310-2247. Our website address is www.alignmenthealth.com. The information contained on, or that can be accessed through, our website is not incorporated by reference into this filing and you should not consider any information contained on, or that can be accessed through, our website as part of this filing. We are a holding company and all of our business operations are conducted through our subsidiaries and affiliated medical groups. 
 
 Our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and, if applicable, amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), are available free of charge on or through our website, http://www.alignmenthealth.com, as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the Securities and Exchange Commission, or the SEC. The SEC s website, http://www.sec.gov, contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. 
 26 

It em 1A. Risk Factors. 
 
 Our business involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below, together with all of the other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including our consolidated financial statements and the related notes thereto, before making a decision to invest in our common stock. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties that we are unaware of, or that we currently believe are not material, may also become important factors that affect us. If any of the following risks occur, our business, financial condition, operating results and prospectus could be materially and adversely affected. In that event, the price of our common stock could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment. 
 
 Risk Factors Summary 
 
 The following are the principal risks that are applicable to our business and the shares of our common stock. Such risks are discussed in more detail below, and you should read this Risk Factors section in its entirety before deciding whether to invest in our common stock. 
 We have a history of net losses and may be unable to achieve or maintain profitability. 

Our relatively limited operating history makes it difficult to evaluate our current business and future prospects. 

Our growth strategy may not prove viable and we may not realize expected results. 

If we are unable to attract new members, our revenue growth will be adversely affected. 

If we do not design and price our products properly and competitively, cannot develop new products and implement clinical initiatives, lower costs, and appropriately document members risk profile, or if our benefits expense estimates are inadequate, our profitability may be materially adversely affected. 

We may not be successful in maintaining or improving our Star ratings in future years, which may have a direct and substantial adverse impact on our revenue. 

A pandemic or outbreak of an infectious disease, including COVID-19, could adversely affect our business. 

If we fail to develop and maintain satisfactory relationships with care providers, our business may be adversely affected. 

As a government contractor, we risk the potential loss of CMS contracts, suspension from the Medicare Advantage program, changes to premiums paid to Medicare Advantage plans, changes to provisions for risk sharing under Medicare Part D and governmental audits and investigations, among others. 

If we fail to manage our growth effectively, we may be unable to execute our business plan, maintain high levels of service and member satisfaction or adequately address competitive challenges. 

The loss or renegotiation of certain key contracts with large independent physician associations IPAs ), hospitals or other provider networks, to serve our membership base could negatively impact our results. 

We have limited experience serving as a direct contracting entity with CMS under the ACO REACH program and may not be able to realize the expected benefits thereof. 

Security breaches, loss of data and other disruptions could compromise sensitive business or member information, or prevent access to critical information and expose us to liability. 

Disruptions in our disaster recovery systems or management continuity planning could limit our ability to operate our business effectively and adequately care for our members. 

Our business depends on our ability to effectively invest in, implement improvements to and properly maintain the uninterrupted operation and data integrity of our information technology platform. 

We may be subject to legal proceedings and litigation, including intellectual property and privacy disputes. 

Our business may be impacted if the healthcare services industry becomes more cyclical. 

If we are not able to maintain, enhance and protect our reputation and brand recognition, including through the maintenance and protection of trademarks, our business and results of operations will be harmed. 

If we are unable to obtain, maintain, protect and enforce sufficiently broad intellectual property protection, including for our trade secrets, know-how and other proprietary and internally developed information, the value of our technology could be adversely affected. 

27 

Third parties may initiate legal proceedings alleging intellectual property rights violations, the outcome of which would be uncertain and could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

Any restrictions on our use of, or ability to license, data, or our failure to license data and integrate third-party technologies, could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

We depend on our senior management team and other key employees, and the loss of one or more of these employees or an inability to attract and retain other highly skilled employees could harm our business. 

Our plans are concentrated in a limited number of U.S. states and we may not be able to establish new geographic presences. 

Competition for physicians and nurses, shortages of qualified personnel or other factors could increase our labor costs and adversely affect our revenue, profitability and cash flows. 

Our records may contain inaccurate or unsupportable information regarding risk adjustment scores of members, which could cause misstatements of revenue and subject us to penalties. 

Inaccurate estimates of incurred but not reported medical expense could adversely affect our results. 

Negative publicity regarding our industry generally could adversely affect our results of operations or business. 

Medicare Advantage funding reductions could adversely affect our results of operations. 

The healthcare industry is highly competitive, and this competition may have a material adverse effect on our business operations and financial position. 

If we are unable to offer new and innovative products and services or fail to keep pace with industry advances, technology and needs, our members may terminate memberships. 

We are a holding company with no operations of our own, and we depend on our subsidiaries for cash. 

We may be required to maintain higher statutory capital levels for our existing operations or may become subject to additional capital reserve requirements as we pursue new business opportunities. 

New laws or changes in laws or their application could increase our cost of doing business. 

We must adapt to changes in the healthcare industry and related regulations or our business may be harmed. 

Losing the services of the physicians who own our associated physician practices could jeopardize our contractual arrangements. 

Our existing indebtedness could adversely affect our business and growth prospects, particularly in an environment of rising interest rates. 

The terms and conditions of our term loan restrict our current and future operations. 

Our failure to raise additional capital or generate cash flows could reduce our ability to compete successfully. 

Our lead sponsors control us, and their interests may conflict with ours or yours in the future. 

The requirements of being a public company may strain our resources and distract our management. 

Provisions of our corporate governance documents could make an acquisition of us more difficult. 

The exclusive forum provision in our certificate of incorporation may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against our directors and officers. 

An active, liquid trading market for our common stock may not be sustained. 

Our operating results and stock price may be volatile, including as a result of economic or industry-wide factors that are beyond our control. 

A significant portion of our total outstanding shares may be sold into the market in the near future. 

Future sales of substantial amounts of common stock, or the possibility of such sales, could adversely affect stock price. 

28 

Risks Related to Our Business 
 
 We have a history of net losses, we anticipate increasing expenses in the future, and we may not be able to achieve or maintain profitability. 
 
 We have incurred net losses on an annual basis since our inception, including a net loss of 149.6 million and 195.3 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. As of December 31, 2022, we had an accumulated deficit of 732.2 million. We expect our aggregate costs will increase substantially in the foreseeable future as we expect to invest heavily in increasing our member base, growing our provider networks, expanding our operations geographically, engaging in expanded marketing and outreach efforts, enhancing our technology, hiring additional employees, operating as a public company and acquiring companies or assets complementary to our business. These efforts may prove more expensive than we currently anticipate, and we may not succeed in increasing our revenue sufficiently to offset these higher expenses. In addition, even if we are successful in increasing our membership and consequently increasing our total revenues from premiums earned, we may not successfully and effectively predict, price and manage the medical costs of our members. To date, we have financed our operations principally from the sale of our equity, revenue from the CMS and the incurrence of indebtedness. We may not generate positive cash flow from operations or profitability in the future. 
 
 We have encountered and will continue to encounter risks and difficulties frequently experienced by growing companies in rapidly changing industries, including increasing expenses as we continue to grow our business. In addition to the expected costs to grow our business, we also expect to incur additional legal, accounting and other expenses as we continue to operate as a public company. Moreover, the investments we intend to make into growing our company may be more costly than we expect, and if we do not achieve the benefits anticipated from these investments, or if the realization of these benefits is delayed, they may not result in increased revenue or growth in our business. If our growth rate were to decline significantly or become negative, it could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. Furthermore, even if we achieve profitability in the future, we may not be able to sustain profitability in subsequent periods. If we are not able to maintain positive cash flow in the long term, we may require additional financing, which may not be available on favorable terms or at all and/or which would be dilutive to our stockholders. If we are unable to successfully address these risks and challenges as we encounter them, our business, results of operations and financial condition would be adversely affected. Our failure to achieve or maintain profitability could negatively impact the value of our common stock. 
 
 Our relatively limited operating history makes it difficult to evaluate our current business and future prospects and increases the risk of your investment. 
 
 Our relatively limited operating history makes it difficult to evaluate our current business and prospectus and plan for our future growth. We were founded in 2013, with most of our growth occurring in recent years. We have encountered and will continue to encounter significant risks and uncertainties frequently experienced by new and growing companies in heavily regulated and rapidly changing industries, such as determining appropriate investments for our limited resources, scaling our model and technology platform, attracting and retaining members, efficiently navigating and complying with evolving regulations, hiring, integrating, training and retaining skilled personnel, identifying and reaching agreements with reliable healthcare service providers, competing against more established competitors, unforeseen expenses and challenges in forecasting accuracy. Although we have successfully expanded our footprint outside of California and intend to continue to expand into new markets, new plans we provide or new markets we enter may not prove successful. If we are unable to increase our member enrollment, scale our platform, maintain a low cost structure, identify, reach and successfully maintain agreements with reliable healthcare service providers, successfully manage our third-party medical costs or successfully expand the range of services and benefits we offer to members, our revenue and our ability to achieve and sustain profitability would be impaired. Additional risks include our ability to effectively manage growth, process, store, protect and use personal data in compliance with governmental regulation, contractual obligations and other legal obligations related to privacy and security and manage our obligations as a healthcare plan. If our assumptions regarding these and other similar risks and uncertainties, which we use to plan our business, are incorrect or change as we gain more experience operating our business or due to changes in our industry, or if we do not address these challenges successfully, our operating and financial results could differ materially from our expectations and our business could suffer. 
 
 Our growth strategy may not prove viable and we may not realize expected results. 
 
 Our business strategy is to grow rapidly by expanding our service offerings through an array of non-traditional benefits and continuing to build out and attract network relationships in our existing markets. We also intend to expand into new markets, leveraging our AVA technology platform, which has been designed to scale and allow us to provide a predictable and replicable member experience across new markets. Our strategy hinges on our ability to satisfy our members in our existing markets, achieve and maintain high Star ratings for our plans, submit successful bids to CMS in new markets, attract new members, form alliances with primary care providers, and hire physicians, nurses and other medical support staff for our in-house care delivery 
 29 

programs. We also seek growth opportunities through strategic acquisitions and vertical integration. We cannot guarantee that we will be successful in pursuing our growth strategy. If we fail to evaluate and execute new business opportunities properly, we may not achieve anticipated benefits and may incur increased costs. 
 
 Our growth strategy involves a number of risks and uncertainties, including that: 
 we may not be able to successfully enter into contracts with local providers in existing or new markets on terms favorable to us or at all. In addition, we compete for provider relationships with many other healthcare plans, some of whom may have greater resources than we do. This competition may intensify due to the ongoing consolidation in the healthcare industry, which may increase our costs to pursue such opportunities; 

we may not be able to maintain and improve the satisfaction levels of our members, which could lead to decreased ratings for some of our plans in the Five Star Quality Rating System and consequently to loss of the economic incentives associated with high Star ratings, which could negatively impact our revenues; 

we may not be able to enroll or retain a sufficient number of new members to execute our growth strategy, and we may incur substantial costs to enroll new members but may be unable to enroll a sufficient number of new members to offset those costs; 

we may not be able to realize the value of our AVA technology platform; 

we may not be able to hire or otherwise engage sufficient numbers of physicians and other staff and may fail to integrate our employees, particularly our medical personnel, into our in-house care model; 

we may not be successful in maintaining our reputation and brand in our existing markets or in establishing our reputation and brand with new members or into new geographies; 

when expanding our business into new states, we may be required to comply with laws and regulations that may differ from states in which we currently operate; 

when expanding into new markets, we may face competition with greater knowledge of such local markets; 

expansion into new offerings or new geographies, or the acquisition of complementary businesses or assets, may require us to raise additional capital, which may not be available on desirable terms or at all; and 

depending upon the nature of the local market, we may not be able to implement our business model in every local market that we enter, which could negatively impact our revenues and financial condition. 

Pursuing our growth strategy requires significant capital expenditures, the allocation of valuable management resources, and the hiring of additional personnel, and may strain our operations, and our financial and management controls and reporting systems and procedures. For a variety of reasons, we may not succeed in achieving scale, improving our operating efficiency or gaining operating leverage. Moreover, we have experienced and may in the future continue to experience attrition, which may further exacerbate these challenges. If we are unable to effectively execute our growth strategy and manage our growth, our results of operations and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected. 
 
 If we are unable to attract new members, our revenue growth will be adversely affected. 
 
 We currently derive substantially all of our revenue from CMS contracts related to our Medicare Advantage health plans. To increase our revenue, our business strategy is to grow organically by expanding the number of members under our plans in the markets in which we currently operate and in the new markets that we intend to enter. In order to support such growth, we must continue to enroll and retain a sufficient number of new members. We have experienced significant member growth since we commenced operations however, we may not be able to maintain this growth, and our member base could decrease rapidly or shrink over time. Even if we are successful in achieving and maintaining growth, doing so may be more costly than we anticipate, and if we are not able to manage our costs, our results could be materially adversely affected. 
 
 We are focused on the Medicare-eligible population and face competition from other plans in the enrollment of Medicare-eligible potential members. If we are unable to obtain CMS contracts in new markets and convince the Medicare-eligible population of the benefits of our plans, or if potential or existing members prefer a plan offered by one of our competitors, we may not be able to effectively implement our growth strategy. Our ability to attract new members will depend on a variety of factors, including the following: 
 our ability to create new plans and/or ancillary benefits; 

our ability to achieve and maintain high Star ratings for each of our plans; 

our ability to effectively promote our plans in our existing markets and the new markets we intend to enter; 

30 

our allocation of management and financial resources toward efforts to grow our membership in certain markets; 

the extent to which eligible beneficiaries shop for MA plans in the markets we enter; 

our ability to establish relationships with provider groups; 

our competitor s products and pricing strategies; 

our ability to establish and grow our reputation and brand in new and existing markets; 

the extent to which the overall pool of MA-eligible beneficiaries continues to grow and the extent to which the historical trend of increased MA market penetration continues; 

if our strategic partners terminate or fail to renew our current contracts or we fail to enter into contracts with new strategic partners and 

regulatory changes affecting the overall pool of MA-eligible beneficiaries and our ability to navigate the applicable regulatory requirements. 

In addition, our growth strategy is partially dependent on beneficiaries electing to move from fee-for-service to one of our Medicare Advantage plans, or electing to move from their current Medicare Advantage plan and selecting us as their Medicare Advantage plan. In some instances, original Medicare or other insurers MA plans may be more attractive to a consumer than our MA plans. For example, though our PPO members are enrolled in plans that enable them to visit any doctor participating in Medicare who will see them, our HMO plans have restrictions on the network of doctors that HMO members can see, and in some markets other providers participating in Medicare may choose to see no MA members or only MA members participating in specific plans. It is also possible that original Medicare or other insurers MA plans may offer broader physician networks in particular markets or highly competitive benefits, in which case those plans may be more attractive to some consumers than our MA plans. When the time to choose an MA plan comes, Medicare-eligible consumers may also choose to continue with their current insurer which was offered by their employer instead of transitioning to one of our plans. 
 
 For a majority of individuals, plan enrollment selections for Medicare Advantage are made during an annual enrollment period from October into December of each year; therefore, our ability to grow our member population is dependent in substantial part on our ability to successfully enroll members during the annual enrollment period and to convince such individuals not to subsequently change that election. If our ability to market and sell our MA plans is constrained during an enrollment period for any reason, such as technology failures, reduced allocation of resources, any inability to timely employ, license, train, certify and retain employees and contractors and agents to sell plans, interruptions in the operation of our website or systems, or disruptions caused by other external factors, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, we could acquire fewer new members than expected or suffer a reduction in the number of our existing members. 
 
 Our inability to enroll new members and retain existing members would harm our ability to execute our growth strategy and may have a material adverse effect on our business operations and financial position. 
 
 If we do not design and price our products properly and competitively, if we are unable to develop new products and implement clinical initiatives to provide a better healthcare experience for our members, lower costs, and appropriately document the risk profile of our members, or if our estimates of benefits expense are inadequate, our profitability may be materially adversely affected. 
 
 We use a substantial portion of our revenues to pay the costs of healthcare services delivered to our members by third party providers. These costs include claims payments, capitation payments to providers (predetermined amounts paid to cover services), administrative costs and various other costs incurred to provide health insurance coverage to our members. These costs also include estimates of future payments to hospitals and other providers for medical care provided to our members. Generally, premiums in the healthcare business are fixed for one-year periods and we are required by federal law to spend a fixed amount of these premiums on healthcare services, covered benefits and quality improvement efforts. Accordingly, costs we incur in excess of our benefit cost projections generally are not recovered in the contract year through higher premiums and our ability to enhance the profitability of our plans depends in significant part on our ability to estimate the costs of our future benefit claims and other expenses. We make these estimates using actuarial methods and assumptions based upon claim payment patterns, medical inflation, historical developments, including claim inventory levels and claim receipt patterns, and other relevant factors. We also record benefits payable for future payments. We continually review estimates of future payments relating to benefit claims costs for services incurred in the current and prior periods and make necessary adjustments to our reserves, including premium deficiency reserves where appropriate. However, these estimates involve extensive judgment, and have considerable inherent variability that is sensitive to claim payment patterns and medical cost trends. Many factors may and often do cause actual healthcare costs to exceed what was estimated and used to set our premiums. These factors may include: 
 increased use of medical facilities and services; 

31 

increased cost of such services; 

increased use or cost of prescription drugs, including specialty prescription drugs; 

the introduction of new or costly treatments, including new technologies; 

the extent to which providers in our network follow appropriate care recommendations and carry out effective care coordination and care management; 

our membership mix; 

the extent to which members decline to seek out appropriate preventative care or follow their physicians care and healthful living recommendations; 

variances in actual versus estimated levels of cost associated with new products, benefits or lines of business, product changes or benefit level changes; 

changes in the demographic characteristics of an account or market; 

changes or reductions of our utilization management functions such as preauthorization of services, concurrent review or requirements for physician referrals; 

catastrophes, including acts of terrorism, public health epidemics, or severe weather (e.g., hurricanes and earthquakes); 

medical cost inflation; and 

government mandated benefits, member eligibility criteria, or other legislative, judicial, or regulatory changes. 

Key to our operational strategy is the implementation of clinical initiatives that we believe provide a better healthcare experience for our members, lower the cost of healthcare services delivered to our members, and appropriately document the risk profile of our members. Our profitability and competitiveness depend in large part on our ability to leverage our technology platform, AVA, to optimize and appropriately manage healthcare costs by, among other things, proactively managing member care. 
 
 Increases or decreases in staff and provider-related expenses, any costs associated with exiting products, additional investment in new products and in the expansion of clinical and technological capabilities as part of our integrated care delivery model, investments in health and well-being product offerings, acquisitions, new taxes and assessments, and implementation of regulatory requirements may increase our operating expenses. Any failure to adequately price our products or estimate sufficient benefits payable or effectively manage our operating expenses may result in a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows. 
 
 Premium increases, introduction of new product designs, and our relationships with our providers in various markets, among other issues, could also affect our membership levels. Other actions that could affect membership levels include our possible exit from or entrance into markets, or the termination of a large contract. If we do not compete effectively in our markets, if we set rates too high or too low in highly competitive markets to keep or increase our market share, if membership does not increase as we expect, if membership declines, or if we lose membership with favorable medical cost experience while retaining or increasing membership with unfavorable medical cost experience, our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows may be materially adversely affected. 
 
 We may not be successful in maintaining or improving our Star ratings in future years, which may have a direct and substantial adverse impact on our revenue. 
 
 CMS measures the quality of Medicare Advantage plans through a Five Star Quality Rating System. The Star Rating system considers various measures adopted by CMS, including, among others, quality of care, preventative services, chronic illness management and member satisfaction. The achievement of Star ratings of 4-Star or higher qualifies Medicare Advantage plans for an increase in the benchmark against which they bid (potentially increasing premium payments). As of January 1, 2023, greater than 90 of our members are enrolled in rated plans that have a 4.0 Star rating or greater for the 2023 rating year / 2024 payment year. However, we may not be able to maintain or improve upon these Star ratings in future years. Failure to maintain satisfactory quality and performance measures may negatively affect our premium rates, reduce our membership, impede our ability to compete for new business in existing or new markets or result in the termination of our contracts, or affect our ability to enter into new CMS contracts or expand the service area of current health plans. 
 
 Various factors may make it difficult for us to maintain or increase our Star ratings. For example, given that there are multiple providers that serve our plans, we may have limited ability to influence the overall quality rating of our plans. Additionally, our higher concentration of minority members and members residing in socioeconomically disadvantaged neighborhoods generally 
 32 

may make it more difficult for us to achieve and maintain high Star ratings as compared to our competitors, given the well-documented health disparities among different minority and socioeconomic groups. CMS has attempted to address some of this disparity, but the efforts may not work as intended or be sufficient to address the difficulties of varying members populations. 
 
 CMS updates and makes changes to the Star ratings annually. Changes implemented by CMS with respect to the Five Star Quality Rating System have, in the past, and could, in the future, negatively impact our Star ratings. For example, CMS will remove performance outliers from the calculation of non-Consumer Assessment of Healthcare Providers and Systems non-CAHPS data measure rating cut points in rating year 2024 using the Tukey outlier deletion method. This change is anticipated to increase cut points overall, making it more difficult to maintain high Star ratings. This and future adjustments to the Star rating methodology may have a negative impact on our Star ratings. 
 
 In addition, audits of our performance for past or future periods may result in downgrades to our Star ratings. For example, if a CMS audit finds that a particular issue of noncompliance impacts the data source for a Star measure, the Star measure may be reduced if the data set is deemed inaccurate or biased. Accordingly, our plans may receive a lower Star rating and may not be eligible for full level quality bonus payments, which could adversely affect the benefits we can offer, reduce membership and/or reduce profit margins. Low Star ratings may also reduce our membership, if members choose to enroll in higher-rated plans. Also, CMS has the authority to terminate plans that have had a rating of less than three Stars for three consecutive years, whereas Medicare Advantage plans with five Stars are permitted to conduct enrollment throughout almost the entire year. Because low quality ratings can potentially lead to the termination of one or more of our plans, we may not be able to prevent the potential termination of a plan or a shift of members to other plans based upon quality issues, which could, in turn, have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 
 A pandemic, epidemic or outbreak of an infectious disease in the United States or worldwide, including the outbreak of the novel strain of coronavirus disease, COVID-19, could adversely affect our business. 
 
 If a pandemic, epidemic or outbreak of an infectious disease occurs in the United States or worldwide, our business may be adversely affected. Since its inception in early 2020, the COVID-19 pandemic has impacted our operating revenues and expenses. The extent of its ongoing impact is likely to vary over time. Key factors that will determine the extent of its impact include the duration and extent of the outbreak in the markets in which we operate as well as societal and governmental responses. 
 
 The COVID-19 virus disproportionately impacts our member base of seniors, especially those with chronic illnesses, and any future outbreaks of infectious disease could have a similar impact. Accordingly, we may experience increased internal and third-party medical costs as we provide care, benefits and treatment coverage for members suffering from any such diseases. At certain times throughout the course of the COVID-19 pandemic, most notably during the first quarter of 2021, we have experienced increases in membership hospitalizations due to COVID-19. A sustained increase in membership hospitalizations due to infectious disease outbreaks could result in an increase in member utilization and medical expenses, thereby materially adversely impact our business, results of operations, and overall financial condition. Additionally, our members may continue to be reluctant to seek necessary care given the risks of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic or future outbreaks. This could have the effect of deferring healthcare expenses that we will need to incur to later periods and may also affect the longer-term health of members who defer preventative care or treatment, which may cause our costs to increase in the future. Because of our business model, the full impact of the COVID-19 pandemic may not be fully reflected in our results of operations and overall financial condition until future periods. 
 
 Due to the COVID-19 pandemic, we and the providers in our networks have experienced increased challenges in documenting the health conditions of our members as completely or effectively as in the past. Medicare makes capitation payments using a risk adjustment model, which compensates plans based on the health status (acuity) of each individual member. Payors with higher acuity members receive more, and those with lower acuity members receive less, and we have corresponding arrangements with certain healthcare providers. Medicare requires that a patient s health issues be documented annually regardless of the permanence of the underlying causes. Historically, this documentation was required to be completed during an in-person visit with a patient. As part of the Coronavirus Aid, Relief and Economic Security Act (the CARES Act ), Medicare is allowing documentation for conditions identified during video visits with patients. However, given the increased usage of telehealth visits and other potential disruption caused by COVID-19 or other future outbreaks, it is unclear whether we and the providers in our networks will be able to document the health conditions of our members as comprehensively as we did in the past, which may adversely impact our revenue in future periods. Such challenges, particularly if coupled with lower Medicare Risk Adjustment Factor RAF scores among new members (due to COVID-19 among other factors), as has occurred in prior periods, may have an adverse impact on per-member revenue. 
 
 Adverse market conditions resulting from the spread of COVID-19 or future outbreaks of infectious disease could materially adversely affect our business, our growth and the value of our common stock. As a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, numerous state and local jurisdictions, including all markets where we operate, previously imposed, and others in the future may impose, shelter-in-place orders, quarantines, executive orders and similar government orders and restrictions for their residents to 
 33 

control the spread of COVID-19. Such restrictions, as well as restrictions we voluntarily impose for the safety of our employees and patents, may result in business disruptions. These disruptions may include restrictions on the ability of our personnel to travel; delays in actions of regulatory bodies; diversion of or limitations on employee resources that would otherwise be focused on the operations of our business, including because of sickness of employees or their families or the desire of employees to avoid contact with groups of people; delays in hiring on onboarding of new employees; cancellation of events; and business closures, adjustments or disruptions of certain third parties. Moreover, as of December 31, 2022, we continued to maintain remote operations and a reduced presence in our corporate offices. These disruptions could negatively affect our sales and marketing efforts, sales cycles, employee productivity, or member retention, any of which could harm our financial condition and business operations. 
 
 The extent of the continued impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business will depend on certain developments, including: the emergence of new variants and their infectiousness and severity; government responses to the pandemic; the impact on our members and our sales cycles; and the effect on our partners and our and their supply chains, all of which are uncertain and cannot be predicted. The impact of any future infectious disease outbreaks may depend on similar factors, as well as others we may be unable to predict. If the COVID-19 pandemic worsens, especially in regions where we operate, our business activities could be adversely affected. To the extent the COVID-19 pandemic or other outbreaks adversely affects our business and financial results, it may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in this Risk Factors section, including but not limited to those relating to cyber-attacks and security vulnerabilities, interruptions or delays due to third-parties, or our ability to raise additional capital or generate sufficient cash flows necessary to fulfill our obligations under our existing indebtedness or to expand our operations. 
 
 If we fail to develop and maintain satisfactory relationships with care providers to service our members, our business may be adversely affected. 
 
 Our success requires that we maintain and grow our provider networks and contract with providers and medical facilities in new markets in order to meet CMS requirements relating to network adequacy. We contract with a variety of physicians, nurses, hospitals, clinics and other third-party providers to deliver healthcare and related services to our members. Our plans encourage or require our customers to use these contracted providers. A key component of our integrated care delivery strategy is to increase the number of providers who share medical cost risk with us or have financial incentives to deliver high quality medical services in a cost-effective manner. In order to retain our members and attract additional membership, our provider networks, including those physicians participating in Medicare and willing to see our patients but with whom we have not contracted, must be not only adequate, but attractive, providing Medicare-eligible beneficiaries access to the providers and facilities that they want. 
 
 In any particular market, providers could refuse to contract with us, demand higher payments, or take other actions that could result in higher healthcare costs for us, less desirable outcomes for members or difficulty meeting regulatory or accreditation requirements, including network adequacy requirements. In some markets, certain providers, particularly hospitals, physician specialty groups, physician/hospital organizations, or multi-specialty physician groups, may have significant market positions and negotiating power. In addition, physician or practice management companies, which aggregate physician practices for administrative efficiency and marketing leverage, may compete with us in certain circumstances. If these providers refuse to contract with us, use their market position to negotiate unfavorable contracts with us or place us at a competitive disadvantage, or do not enter into contracts with us that encourage the delivery of quality medical services in a cost-effective manner, our ability to market products or to be profitable in those areas may be adversely affected. 
 
 In some situations, we have capitation contracts with individual or groups of primary care providers and specialists for an actuarially determined, fixed fee per month to provide a basket of required medical services to our members. The inability of providers to properly manage costs under these capitation arrangements could result in the financial instability of these providers and the termination of their relationship with us. In addition, payment or other disputes between a primary care provider and specialists with whom the primary care provider contracts could result in a disruption in the provision of services to our members or a reduction in the services available to our members. The financial instability or failure of a primary care provider to pay other providers for whom they have taken professional risk for services rendered could lead those other providers to demand payment from us even though we have made our regular fixed payments to the primary care provider. Providers with whom we contract may not properly manage the costs of services, maintain financial solvency or avoid disputes with other providers. Even if we contract with sufficient numbers of providers in our markets, we may be required, from time to time, to work with providers with whom we do not contract and who are not included in our networks. This can increase our medical costs, as there is no pre-negotiated rate that we pay the provider and no incentive for the provider to control costs. 
 
 34 

Our ability to develop and maintain satisfactory relationships with providers and facilities may also be negatively impacted by factors not associated with us, such as changes in Medicare programs and other pressures on healthcare providers, including consolidation activity among hospitals, physician groups, and other healthcare providers. We may be unable to contract with new providers, facilities and other entities in our current markets or new markets in which we enter or renew any contracts we maintain with existing providers or facilities on favorable terms, if at all. If we are unable to enter into new contracts or maintain contracts with providers or facilities in certain markets, we may be unable to meet network adequacy requirements, which would prevent us from serving such markets and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 If we fail to manage our growth effectively, we may be unable to execute our business plan, maintain high levels of service and member satisfaction or adequately address competitive challenges. 
 
 We have experienced, and may continue to experience, rapid growth and organizational change, which has placed, and may continue to place, significant demands on our management and our operational and financial resources. Additionally, our organizational structure may become more complex as we improve our operational, financial and management controls, as well as our reporting systems and procedures. We may require significant capital expenditures and the allocation of valuable management resources to grow and change in these areas. We must rapidly scale our technology platform, effectively increase our headcount and expand our provider networks, and we must continue to effectively train and manage our employees and partners. We will be unable to manage our business effectively if we are unable to alleviate the strain on resources caused by growth in a timely and successful manner. If we fail to effectively manage our anticipated growth and change, the quality of our services may suffer, which could negatively affect our brand and reputation and harm our ability to attract and retain members and employees. 
 
 In addition, as we expand our business, it is important that we continue to maintain a high level of member service and satisfaction. As our member base continues to grow, we will need to expand our product and service offerings and our network of partners to provide personalized member service. If we are not able to continue to provide high quality products, benefits and medical care with high levels of member satisfaction, our reputation, as well as our business, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. 
 
 The healthcare industry is highly competitive. There are many other healthcare plans and healthcare service providers, many of which have a longer operating history and substantially more resources, and there are few barriers to entry in the healthcare industry. This competition may have a material adverse effect on our business operations and financial position. 
 
 We compete directly with national, regional and local Medicare Advantage organizations for members and healthcare providers. Competition in our market involves rapidly changing technologies, evolving regulatory requirements and industry expectations, new product offerings and constantly evolving member and physician preferences and user requirements. We currently face competition from a range of companies, including other incumbent MA providers and health insurance companies. Many of the other companies currently providing health insurance coverage and healthcare services, particularly national insurers such as United Health, Aetna, Humana and Cigna, have been in business longer and/or have substantially more resources than we do. Other companies could enter the healthcare industry in the future and divert some or all of our business. We also face competition from traditional Medicare. 
 
 Our ability to compete successfully varies from location to location and depends on a number of factors, including the number of competing plans in the local market and the types of services available at local clinical facilities, the demographics of each market and our ability to generate offerings that meet the needs of that population, our local reputation for providing quality care to members, the commitment and expertise of the providers in our network and our in-house medical staff, our local service offerings and community programs and the cost of care in each locality. If we are unable to attract members, our revenue and profitability will be adversely affected. Some of our competitors may have greater recognition and may be more established in particular communities than we are, and they may have greater financial and other resources than we have. Competing Medicare Advantage plans may also offer different programs or services than we do, which, combined with the foregoing factors, may result in our competitors being more attractive to our current members or potential members. While health plans compete on the basis of many factors, including service and the quality and depth of provider networks, we expect that price will continue to be a significant basis of competition. Furthermore, while we budget for improvements in our products and services to keep them competitive in their respective markets, to the extent that competitive forces cause related expenditures to increase in the future, our financial condition may be negatively affected. In addition, in certain instances our relationships with providers are not exclusive and our competitors have established or could seek to establish relationships with such providers. Additionally, as we expand into new geographies, we may encounter competitors with stronger relationships or recognition in the community in such new geography, which could give those competitors an advantage in retaining current members and obtaining new members, which may have a material adverse effect on our business operations and financial position. 
 
 Our failure to compete effectively may result in fewer plans being offered a reduction in plan benefits reduced services a loss of existing members or inability to grow membership fewer physician users reduced revenues lower gross margins and loss of 
 35 

market share. Any failure to meet and address these factors would harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 We have entered into certain key contracts with large independent physician associations, hospitals and other provider networks to serve our membership base. The loss or renegotiation of any of these contracts could negatively impact our results. 
 
 Our provider network includes key contracts with certain large independent physician associations IPAs ), hospitals and other provider networks, which are critical to serving our membership base. Although we typically seek to enter into contracts spanning three or more years, after a specified period, certain of these contracts, including existing contracts with some of our largest IPA partners, hospitals or other providers, may terminate by their own terms or through notice of non-renewal. In the ordinary course of business, including in connection with renewals or extensions of these agreements, we engage in active discussions and renegotiations with these counterparties in respect of the solutions we provide and the terms of our agreements. The loss of any of our largest IPA partnerships, hospitals or other provider networks or the renegotiation of any of these contracts could adversely affect our results of operations, as this may alter the attractiveness of our provider network, result in more out-of-network claims costs and/or increase the payments we make to these counterparties. 
 
 Security breaches, loss of data and other disruptions could compromise sensitive information related to our business or our members, or prevent us from accessing critical information and expose us to liability, which could adversely affect our business and our reputation. 
 
 In the ordinary course of our business, we collect, store, process, transfer, disclose and otherwise use sensitive data, including PHI and PII relating to our employees, members and others. We also process and store, and use third-party service providers to process and store, substantial amounts of sensitive information, including intellectual property, confidential information and other proprietary business information. We manage and maintain such sensitive data and information utilizing a combination of on-site systems, managed data center systems and cloud-based computing center systems. 
 
 We are highly dependent on information technology networks and systems, including the internet, to securely process, transmit and store this sensitive data and information. Security breaches of this infrastructure, including physical or electronic break-ins, computer viruses, ransomware, attacks by hackers and other malicious actors and similar breaches, and employee or contractor error, negligence or malfeasance, can create system disruptions, shutdowns or unauthorized disclosure or modifications of such sensitive data or information, causing PHI or other PII to be accessed or acquired without authorization or to become publicly available. We have implemented a third-party operated 24x7 security operations center that continuously monitors the security and privacy posture of our systems and have implemented the HITRUST Alliance's Common Security Framework as part of our certification by HITRUST; however, we cannot provide assurance that these measures will protect us from all cybersecurity threats and risks. As our third-party service providers manage important aspects of the collection, storage, processing and transmission of employee, user and member information, and other confidential and sensitive information, we rely on them to perform functions that have material cybersecurity risks. Because of the sensitivity of the PHI, other PII and other sensitive information we and our service providers collect, store, transmit, and otherwise process and use, the security of our technology platform and other aspects of our services, including those provided or facilitated by our third-party service providers, are important to our operations and business strategy. Measures taken to protect our systems, those of our contractors or third-party service providers, or the PHI, other PII, or other sensitive information we or contractors or third-party service providers process or maintain (including our requirement that our third-party service providers enter into business associate agreements or other required security agreements, if applicable), may not adequately protect us from the risks associated with the collection, storage, processing and transmission of such sensitive data and information. For example, we may be required to expend significant capital and other resources, such as in the performance of ongoing risk assessments of our and our third-party service providers information systems, to protect against security breaches or to alleviate problems caused by security breaches. Because cyber-attacks are becoming more sophisticated and frequent and the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access or to sabotage systems change frequently and generally are not identified until they are launched against a target, despite the implementation of security measures, we or our third-party service providers may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate protective measures. 
 
 A security breach or privacy violation that leads to disclosure or unauthorized use or modification of, or that prevents access to or otherwise impacts the confidentiality, security, or availability of, member information, including PHI or other PII, or other sensitive information we or our contractors or third-party service providers maintain or otherwise process, could harm our reputation and brand, compel us to comply with breach notification laws, and cause us to incur significant costs for remediation, fines, penalties, providing notification to individuals. We would need to identify and implement measures intended to repair or replace systems or technology and to prevent future occurrences, and we could face potential increases in insurance premiums. This is of particular risk when considering tight integration with third-party service providers who manage or provide parts of our information systems. If we are unable to prevent or mitigate such security breaches or privacy violations or implement satisfactory remedial measures, or if it is perceived that we have been unable to do so, our operations could be disrupted, we may be unable to provide access to our systems, and we could suffer a loss of members. We may also suffer loss of reputation, 
 36 

adverse impacts on member and investor confidence and financial loss, and we would be exposed to the risk of governmental investigations or other actions, regulatory or contractual penalties, and other claims and liabilities , including liability under laws and regulations that protect the privacy of member information or other personal information, such as HIPAA. In addition, security breaches and other inappropriate access to, or acquisition or processing of, information can be difficult to detect, and any delay in identifying such incidents or in providing any notification of such incidents may lead to increased harm. 
 
 Any such breach or interruption of our systems or those of any of our third-party service providers could also result in the compromise of our trade secrets and other proprietary information, which could adversely affect our business and competitive position. While we maintain insurance covering certain security and privacy damages and claim expenses, we may not carry insurance or maintain coverage sufficient to compensate for all liability and in any event, insurance coverage would not address the reputational damage that could result from a security incident. 
 
 Our service offering is driven by our core operating technology platform, AVA, allowing us to access and analyze comprehensive member data quickly, generating insights and alerts using such data and making recommendations to members and practitioners. AVA and the other systems or networks used in our business may experience an increase in attempted cyber-attacks, targeted intrusion, ransomware and phishing campaigns seeking to take advantage of shifts to employees and healthcare providers working remotely using their household or personal internet networks and to leverage fears promulgated by the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 
 A data breach could result in incorrect or delayed medical recommendations and prescriptions, missed alerts and missed opportunities to intervene for our members on a timely basis. Unauthorized access, loss or dissemination could also disrupt our operations, including our ability to perform our services, access member health information, collect, process, and prepare company financial information, provide information about our current and future services and engage in other member and clinician education and outreach efforts. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Disruptions in our disaster recovery systems or management continuity planning could limit our ability to operate our business effectively and adequately care for our members. 
 
 Our information technology systems facilitate our ability to conduct our business. We rely on our core operating technology platform, AVA, to aggregate, organize and monitor health data, and to generate insights and recommendations to the care providers who serve our members. The functioning of our technology platform is critical to our ability to adequately care for our members and drive health outcomes. While we have disaster recovery systems and business continuity plans in place and such plans are reviewed annually as part of our third-party HITRUST certification, there may be disruptions in our disaster recovery systems or the failure of these systems to operate as expected. Such events could, depending on the magnitude of the problem, adversely affect our operating results and the health of our members by limiting our capacity to effectively monitor and control our operations. Despite our implementation of a variety of security measures, our information technology systems could be subject to physical or electronic break-ins or disruptions from unauthorized tampering, fires, power loss, telecommunication failures or any weather-related disruptions where our headquarters is located or at locations that host portions of our technology platform. In addition, in the event that a significant number of our personnel were unavailable in the event of a disaster, our ability to effectively conduct business and adequately care for our members could be adversely affected. 
 
 As a government contractor, we are exposed to risks that may materially adversely affect our business, including the potential loss of CMS contracts, significant changes to the Medicare Advantage and/or Part D programs, potential suspension from participating in the Medicare Advantage program, changes to the risk-adjustment model used to determine the premiums paid to Medicare Advantage plans, changes to provisions for risk sharing under Medicare Part D and risks related to governmental audits and investigations, among others. 
 
 A significant portion of our revenue relates, directly or indirectly, to the Medicare Advantage program, which accounted for substantially all of our total revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022. Participating in the Medicare Advantage program exposes us to various risks, as described further below. 
 As of January 1, 2023, under our contracts with CMS, we provided health insurance coverage to approximately 108,300 individual Medicare Advantage members. Our continued participation in the Medicare Advantage program through these and other contracts is not guaranteed. Our CMS contracts are subject to annual renewal, and CMS must also annually approve our bids for the plans we intend to offer under each contract. The loss of these and other CMS contracts or significant changes to the terms thereof may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Either Congress or CMS may at any time enact significant changes to the Medicare Advantage program, and these changes may materially impact our profitability. For example, there may be changes to the amount or calculation of our premium payments, the mandated member benefits, or member eligibility criteria without corresponding increases in our premium payments, or the timing of payments. We have no control over these 

37 

changes, including when or how frequently they are made. In addition, CMS annually establishes benchmark payment rates for Medicare Advantage organizations, and these rates may decrease or not keep pace with our expected medical costs. Any of these, or other, changes to the Medicare Advantage program and our payment rates may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

There is a possibility of temporary or permanent suspension from participating in the Medicare Advantage program if we are convicted of fraud or other criminal conduct in the performance of a Medicare Advantage program or if there is an adverse decision against us under the federal False Claims Act (the FCA ). As a recipient of federal money, we may be subject to qui tam litigation brought by individuals who seek to sue on behalf of the government, alleging that the recipient submitted false claims to the government. Litigation of this nature is filed under seal to allow the government an opportunity to investigate and to decide if it wishes to intervene and assume control of the litigation. If the government does not intervene, the lawsuit is unsealed, and the individual may continue to prosecute the action on his or her own. 

CMS uses a risk-adjustment model which adjusts premiums paid to Medicare Advantage organizations according to the health status of covered members. The risk-adjustment model, which CMS implemented pursuant to the Balanced Budget Act of 1997 and the Benefits Improvement and Protection Act of 2000 BIPA ), generally pays more where a plan s membership has higher expected costs. Under this model, amounts paid to Medicare Advantage organizations are based, in part, on actuarially determined bids, which include a process whereby our prospective payments are based on our estimated cost of providing standard Medicare-covered benefits to an enrollee with a national average risk profile. That baseline payment amount is adjusted to reflect the health status of our enrolled membership. Under the risk-adjustment methodology, all Medicare Advantage organizations must collect and submit the necessary diagnosis code information from hospital inpatient, hospital outpatient, and physician providers to CMS within prescribed deadlines. The CMS risk-adjustment model uses the diagnosis data to calculate the risk-adjusted premium payment to Medicare Advantage organizations, which CMS adjusts for coding pattern differences between the health plans and the government fee-for-service program. In certain cases, we rely on providers, including certain providers in our network who are our employees, to code their claim submissions with appropriate diagnoses, which we send to CMS as the basis for our payment received from CMS under the actuarial risk-adjustment model. We also rely on these providers to document appropriately all medical data, including the diagnosis data submitted with claims, and we rely on our technology platform to aggregate, organize, interpret and report such data. In addition, we conduct medical record reviews as part of our data and payment accuracy compliance efforts, to more accurately reflect diagnosis conditions under the risk adjustment model. These compliance efforts include the internal contract level audits described in more detail below, as well as ordinary course reviews of our internal business processes. 

CMS and the Office of the Inspector General of Health and Human Services HHS-OIG ), are continuing to perform audits of various companies selected Medicare Advantage contracts related to this risk adjustment diagnosis data. We refer to these audits as Risk-Adjustment Data Validation Audits RADV audits ). RADV audits review medical records in an attempt to validate provider medical record documentation and coding practices which influence the calculation of premium payments to Medicare Advantage organizations. 
 
 In 2012, CMS released a Notice of Final Payment Error Calculation Methodology for Part C Medicare Advantage Risk Adjustment Data Validation (RADV) Contract-Level Audits. The payment error calculation methodology provided that, in calculating the economic impact of audit results for a Medicare Advantage contract, if any, the results of the RADV audit sample would be extrapolated to the entire Medicare Advantage contract after a comparison of the audit results to a similar audit of the government s traditional FFS Medicare program. We refer to the process of accounting for errors in fee-for-service claims as the FFS Adjuster. This comparison of RADV audit results to the FFS error rate is necessary to determine the economic impact, if any, of RADV audit results because the government used the traditional fee-for-service Medicare program data set, including any attendant errors that are present in that data set, to estimate the costs of various health status conditions and to set the resulting adjustments to Medicare Advantage plans payment rates in order to establish actuarial equivalence in payment rates as required under the Medicare statute. CMS already makes other adjustments to payment rates based on a comparison of coding pattern differences between Medicare Advantage plans and traditional fee-for-service Medicare program data (such as for frequency of coding for certain diagnoses in Medicare Advantage plan data versus the traditional fee-for-service Medicare program dataset). 
 
 The final RADV extrapolation methodology, including the first application of extrapolated audit results to determine audit settlements, is expected to be applied to CMS RADV contract level audits conducted for contract year 2011 and subsequent years. 
 38 

CMS released a final rule on January 30, 2023, which changes both the use of extrapolation and the application for the FFS Adjuster. Specifically, CMS will not extrapolate audit results for any audits covering payment years prior to 2018. Additionally, CMS will not apply any FFS Adjuster in RADV audits. These changes are expected to have a material impact on Medicare Advantage organizations, including us. CMS is currently conducting RADV contract level audits for certain of our Medicare Advantage plans, and these changes may materially increase the amounts we are asked to repay. 
 
 In addition, as part of our internal compliance efforts, we routinely perform ordinary course reviews of our internal business processes related to, among other things, our risk coding and data submissions in connection with the risk-adjustment model. These reviews may also result in the identification of errors and the submission of corrections to CMS, that may, either individually or in the aggregate, be material. As such, the result of these reviews may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position, or cash flows. 
 Our CMS contracts that cover members prescription drugs under Medicare Part D contain provisions for risk sharing and certain payments for prescription drug costs for which we are not at risk. These provisions, certain of which are described below, affect our ultimate payments from CMS. 

The premiums from CMS are subject to risk corridor provisions which compare costs targeted in our annual bids to actual prescription drug costs, limited to actual costs that would have been incurred under the standard coverage as defined by CMS. Variances exceeding certain thresholds may result in CMS making additional payments to us or require us to refund to CMS a portion of the premiums we received (known as a risk corridor ). We estimate and recognize an adjustment to premiums revenue related to the risk corridor payment settlement based upon pharmacy claims experience. The estimate of the settlement associated with these risk corridor provisions requires us to consider factors that may not be certain, including member eligibility differences with CMS. 
 
 Reinsurance and low-income cost subsidies represent payments from CMS in connection with the Medicare Part D program. Reinsurance subsidies represent payments for CMS s portion of claims costs which exceed the member s out-of-pocket threshold, or the catastrophic coverage level. Low-income cost subsidies represent payments from CMS for all or a portion of the deductible, the coinsurance and co-payment amounts above the out-of-pocket threshold for low-income beneficiaries. Monthly prospective payments from CMS for reinsurance and low-income cost subsidies are based on assumptions submitted with our annual bid. A reconciliation and settlement of CMS s prospective subsidies against actual prescription drug costs we paid is made after the end of the applicable year. 
 
 Settlement of the reinsurance and low-income cost subsidies as well as the risk corridor payment is based on a reconciliation made approximately nine months after the close of each calendar year. This reconciliation process requires us to submit claims data necessary for CMS to administer the program. Our claims data may not pass CMS s claims edit processes due to various reasons, including discrepancies in eligibility or classification of low-income members. To the extent our data does not pass CMS s claim edit processes, we may bear the risk for all or a portion of the claim which otherwise may have been subject to the risk corridor provision or payment which we would have otherwise received as a low-income subsidy or reinsurance claim. In addition, in the event the settlement represents an amount CMS owes us, there is a negative impact on our cash flows and financial condition as a result of financing CMS s share of the risk. The opposite is true in the event the settlement represents an amount we owe CMS. 
 39 

We are also subject to various other governmental audits and investigations. Under state laws, we are audited by state departments of insurance for financial and contractual compliance and by state departments of health. Audits and investigations, including audits of risk adjustment data, are also conducted by state attorneys general, CMS, HHS-OIG, the Office of Personnel Management, the Department of Justice DOJ and the Department of Labor. Findings from these audits and investigations could result in, among other things, the loss of licensure or the right to participate in the Medicare Advantage or other programs, a limitation on our ability to market or sell products, a suspension on our ability to enroll new members, a requirement to refund money to the government, the imposition of fines, penalties and other civil and criminal sanctions, or changes in our business practices. The outcome of any current or future governmental or internal investigations cannot be accurately predicted, nor can we predict any resulting penalties, fines or other sanctions that may be imposed at the discretion of federal or state regulatory authorities. Nevertheless, it is possible that any such outcome of litigation, penalties, fines or other sanctions could be substantial, and the outcome of these matters may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows. Responding to subpoenas, investigations and other lawsuits, claims and legal proceedings as well as defending ourselves in such matters would divert management s attention and cause us to incur significant legal expense. Negative findings or terms and conditions that we might agree to accept as part of a negotiated resolution of pending or future legal or regulatory matters could result in, among other things, substantial financial penalties or awards against us, substantial payments made by us, required changes to our business practices, exclusion from future participation in the Medicare Advantage Programs and, in certain cases, criminal penalties, any of which could have a material adverse effect on us. Certain of these matters could also affect our reputation. In addition, disclosure of any adverse investigation or audit results or sanctions could negatively affect our industry or our reputation in various markets and make it more difficult for us to sell our products and services. 

The Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 contains several provisions that affect the Part D program. These changes may require us to change our prescription drug offerings, reduce our profitability, and otherwise impact our financial performance. 
 
 The Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 IRA ), signed into law on August 16, 2022, reflects an ongoing effort to control prescription drug costs and reduce spending by the federal government. The IRA contains several provisions that impact the Part D program and that may influence our benefit design and profitability. For example, beginning in 2023, Part D plans are prohibited from imposing cost-sharing for certain recommended vaccines and can impose a maximum cost-sharing of 35 per month for insulin. Additional changes take effect in 2024, including the elimination of member cost-sharing in the catastrophic phase of the benefit, and in 2025, including a cap on member out-of-pocket spending of 2,000. These changes may significantly alter the plans that we offer and may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 We may be subject to legal proceedings and litigation, including intellectual property and privacy disputes, which are costly to defend and could materially harm our business and results of operations. 
 
 We may be party to lawsuits and legal proceedings in or outside of the normal course of business. These matters are often expensive and disruptive to normal business operations. We may face allegations, lawsuits and regulatory inquiries, audits and investigations regarding the denial of healthcare benefit payments, compensation or non-acceptance or termination of provider contracts, medical malpractice (based on our medical necessity decisions or brought against us on the theory that we are liable for providers alleged malpractice) or professional liability (in connection with the delivery of healthcare and related services to the public). We may also face qui tam allegations or lawsuits brought by individuals who seek to sue on behalf of the government including, among other allegations, resulting from coding and review practices under the Medicare Advantage risk-adjustment model. 
 
 We also may be subject to lawsuits under the FCA and comparable state laws for submitting allegedly fraudulent or otherwise inappropriate risk adjustment or Stars data. These lawsuits, which may be initiated by government authorities as well as private party relators, can involve significant monetary damages, fines, attorney fees and the award of bounties to private plaintiffs who successfully bring these suits, as well as to the government programs. In recent years, government oversight and law enforcement have become increasingly active and aggressive in investigating and taking legal action against potential fraud, waste and abuse. Fraud, waste, and abuse prohibitions encompass a wide range of activities, including kickbacks for referral of members, fraudulent coding practices, billing for unnecessary medical and/or other covered services, improper marketing and violations of patient privacy rights. The DOJ and the Department of Health and Human Services Office of Inspector General OIG ), have recently increased their scrutiny of healthcare payers and providers, and Medicare Advantage insurers, under the federal FCA, in particular, and there have been a number of investigations, prosecutions, convictions and settlements in the healthcare industry. The FCA provides for treble damages and significant mandatory minimum penalties for each false claim or statement. Healthcare plans and providers thus often seek to resolve these types of allegations through settlement for significant and material amounts, including in circumstances where they do not acknowledge or admit liability, to avoid the uncertainty of treble damages that may be awarded in litigation proceedings. Such settlements often contain additional compliance and reporting requirements as part of a consent decree or settlement agreement, including, for example, corporate integrity agreements. 
 40 

Additionally, we may face allegations, lawsuits and regulatory inquiries, audits and investigations regarding data privacy and security, labor and employment, consumer protection and intellectual property infringement, misappropriation or other violation, including claims related to patents, publicity, trademarks, copyrights and other intellectual property or proprietary rights. We may also face allegations or litigation related to our acquisitions, securities issuances or business practices, including public disclosures about our business. 
 
 Litigation and regulatory proceedings may be protracted and expensive, and the results are difficult to predict. Certain of these matters may include speculative claims for substantial or indeterminate amounts of damages and include claims for injunctive relief. Additionally, our litigation costs could be significant. Adverse outcomes with respect to litigation or any of these legal proceedings may result in significant settlement costs or judgments, penalties and fines, or require us to modify our services or require us to stop serving certain members or geographies, all of which could negatively impact our geographical expansion and revenue growth. We may also become subject to periodic audits, which would likely increase our regulatory compliance costs and may require us to change our business practices, which could negatively impact our revenue growth. Managing legal proceedings, litigation and audits, even if we achieve favorable outcomes, is time-consuming and diverts management s attention from our business. Accordingly, such proceedings could harm our reputation, business, financial condition, results of operations and the market price of our common stock. 
 
 Although we maintain third-party professional liability insurance coverage and managed care errors and omissions policies, it is possible that claims against us may exceed the coverage limits of our insurance policies. Even if any professional liability loss is covered by an insurance policy, these policies typically have substantial deductibles for which we are responsible. Professional liability claims in excess of applicable insurance coverage could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, any professional liability claim brought against us, with or without merit, could result in an increase of our professional liability insurance premiums. Insurance coverage varies in cost and can be difficult to obtain, and we cannot guarantee that we will be able to obtain insurance coverage in the future on terms acceptable to us or at all. If our costs of insurance and claims increase, then our earnings could decline. 
 
 Our business may be adversely impacted if the healthcare services industry becomes more cyclical. 
 
 In the past, healthcare utilization generally has trended upward over time, regardless of minor fluctuations in the U.S. economy. We believe this trend may change, however, as consumers have been given more decision-making and spending responsibility. In turn, we believe members are making healthcare purchases on a more discretionary basis, especially for elective procedures. This could result in a more cyclical trend in healthcare utilization over the coming years and may cause short-term volatility in our operating results. 
 
 Any failure by us to manage acquisitions, divestitures and other significant transactions successfully may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows. 
 
 As part of our business strategy, we engage in discussions with third parties regarding possible investments, acquisitions, divestitures, strategic alliances, joint ventures, and outsourcing transactions and may enter into agreements relating to such transactions in order to further our business objectives. In order to pursue our acquisition strategy successfully, we must identify suitable candidates for and successfully complete transactions, some of which may be large and complex, and manage post-closing issues such as the integration of acquired companies or employees. Integration and other risks can be more pronounced for larger and more complicated transactions, transactions outside of our core business space, or if multiple transactions are pursued simultaneously. The failure to successfully integrate acquired entities and businesses or failure to produce results consistent with the financial model used in the analysis of our acquisitions, investments, joint ventures or strategic alliances may cause asset write-offs, restructuring costs or other expenses and may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows. If we fail to identify and successfully complete transactions that further our strategic objectives, we may be required to expend additional resources to expand our business organically. 
 
 If we are not able to maintain, enhance and protect our reputation and brand recognition, including through the maintenance and protection of trademarks, our business and results of operations will be harmed. 
 
 We believe that maintaining and enhancing our reputation and brand recognition is critical to our relationships with both members and providers and to our ability to attract new members. The promotion of our brand may require us to make substantial investments and we anticipate that, as our market becomes increasingly competitive, these marketing initiatives may become increasingly difficult and expensive. Moreover, our current marketing efforts to date have been limited to certain geographic regions and markets where our business operates to facilitate the efficient use of resources. If we grow nationally, we will need to spend additional resources to build strong national brand recognition and our efforts may not be effective. Our marketing activities may not be successful or yield increased revenue, and to the extent that these activities yield increased revenue, the increased revenue may not offset the expenses we incur and our results of operations could be harmed. 
 
 41 

Any factor that diminishes our reputation or that of our management, including failing to meet the expectations of or provide quality medical care for our members, or any adverse publicity or litigation involving or surrounding us or our management, could make it substantially more difficult for us to attract new members. Similarly, because our existing members often act as references for us with prospective new members, any existing member that questions the quality of our care could impair our ability to secure additional new members. In addition, negative publicity resulting from any adverse government audit could injure our reputation. If we do not successfully maintain and enhance our reputation and brand recognition, our business may not grow and we could lose our relationships with members or providers, which would harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 The registered or unregistered trademarks or trade names that we own may be challenged, infringed, circumvented, diluted, declared generic, lapsed or determined to be infringing on or dilutive of other marks. We may not be able to protect our rights in these trademarks and trade names, which we need in order to build name recognition with members, providers and other partners. In addition, third parties may in the future file for registration of trademarks similar or identical to our trademarks. If they succeed in registering or developing common law rights in such trademarks, and if we are not successful in challenging such third-party rights, we may not be able to use these trademarks to commercialize our technologies in certain relevant jurisdictions. If we are unable to establish name recognition based on our trademarks and trade names, we may not be able to compete effectively and our brand recognition, reputation and results of operations may be adversely affected. 
 
 Our business depends on our ability to effectively invest in, implement improvements to and properly maintain the uninterrupted operation and data integrity of our information technology platform and other business systems. 
 
 Our business is highly dependent on maintaining effective information systems, including our AVA platform, as well as the integrity and timeliness of the data we use to serve our members, support our in-house care teams and external providers and operate our business. Because of the large amount of data that we collect and manage, it is possible that hardware failures or errors in our systems could result in data loss or corruption or cause the information that we collect to be incomplete or contain inaccuracies that our in-house care teams, external providers and other partners regard as significant. If our data were found to be inaccurate or unreliable due to fraud or other error, or if we, or any of the providers we engage, were to fail to maintain information systems and data integrity effectively, we could experience operational disruptions that may impact our members, in-house care teams and external providers and other partners and hinder our ability to provide products and services, retain and attract members, manage our member risk profiles, report timely and accurate financial results and maintain regulatory compliance, among other things. 
 
 Any significant worsening of the COVID-19 pandemic, or the occurrence of another large-scale pandemic, could also cause our third-party data center hosting facilities and cloud computing platform providers, which are critical to our infrastructure, to shut down their business, experience security incidents that impact our business, delay or disrupt performance or delivery of services, or experience interference with the supply chain of hardware required by their systems and services, any of which could materially adversely affect our business. Limitations on access or disruptions to services provided by some of the external care providers upon which our platform and business operations rely could interrupt our ability to provide our platform, decrease the productivity of our workforce and provider networks, and significantly harm our business operations, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Our information technology strategy and execution are critical to our continued success because our technology platform is at the center of our business model. We must continue to invest in long-term solutions that will enable us to anticipate member needs and expectations, enhance the member experience, act as a differentiator in the market and protect against cybersecurity risks and threats. Our success is dependent, in large part, on maintaining the effectiveness of existing technology systems and continuing to deliver and enhance technology systems that support our business processes in a cost-efficient and resource-efficient manner. Increasing regulatory and legislative changes will place additional demands on our information technology infrastructure that could have a direct impact on resources available for other projects tied to our strategic initiatives. In addition, recent trends toward greater member engagement and increased regulatory scrutiny in healthcare require new and enhanced technologies. Connectivity among technologies is becoming increasingly important. We must also develop new systems to meet current market standards and keep pace with continuing changes in information processing technology, evolving industry and regulatory standards and member needs. Failure to do so may present compliance challenges and impede our ability to deliver products and services in a competitive manner. Further, because system development projects are long-term in nature, they may be more costly than expected to complete and may not deliver the expected benefits upon completion. Our failure to effectively invest in, implement improvements to and properly maintain the uninterrupted operation and data integrity of our information technology and other business systems could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 If we are unable to obtain, maintain, protect and enforce intellectual property protection for our technology or if the scope of our intellectual property protection is not sufficiently broad, others may be able to develop and commercialize technology substantially similar to ours, and our ability to successfully commercialize our technology may be adversely affected. 
 
 42 

Our business depends on internally developed technology and content, including software, databases, confidential information and know-how, such as the AVA platform, the protection of which is crucial to the success of our business. We rely on a combination of trademark, trade secret and copyright laws and confidentiality procedures and contractual provisions to protect our intellectual property rights in our internally developed technology and content. We may, over time, increase our investment in protecting our intellectual property through additional trademark, patent and other intellectual property filings that could be expensive and time-consuming. Effective trademark, trade secret, copyright and other intellectual property protection is expensive to develop and maintain, both in terms of initial and ongoing registration requirements and the costs of defending our rights. These measures, however, may not be sufficient to offer us meaningful protection. Additionally, we do not currently hold a patent or other registered or applied for intellectual property protection for AVA. If we are unable to protect our intellectual property and other proprietary rights, particularly with respect to AVA, our competitive position and our business could be harmed, as third parties may be able to commercialize and use technologies and software products that are substantially the same as ours without incurring the development and licensing costs that we have incurred. Any of our owned or licensed intellectual property rights could be challenged, invalidated, circumvented, infringed, misappropriated or otherwise violated, our trade secrets and other confidential information could be disclosed in an unauthorized manner to third parties, or our intellectual property rights may not be sufficient to permit us to take advantage of current market trends or otherwise to provide us with competitive advantages, which could result in costly redesign efforts, discontinuance of certain offerings or other competitive harm. 
 
 Monitoring unauthorized use of our intellectual property is difficult and costly. From time to time, we seek to analyze our competitors services, and may in the future seek to enforce our rights against potential infringement, misappropriation or other violation. However, the steps we have taken to protect our intellectual property rights may not be adequate to prevent infringement, misappropriation or other violation of our intellectual property. We may not be able to detect unauthorized use of, or take appropriate steps to enforce, our intellectual property rights. Any inability to meaningfully protect our intellectual property rights could result in harm to our ability to compete and reduce demand for our technology. Moreover, our failure to develop and properly manage new intellectual property could adversely affect our market positions and business opportunities. Also, some of our services rely on technologies and software developed by or licensed from third parties, and we may not be able to maintain our relationships with such third parties or enter into similar relationships in the future on reasonable terms or at all. 
 
 Uncertainty may result from changes to intellectual property legislation and from interpretations of intellectual property laws by applicable courts and agencies. Accordingly, despite our efforts, we may be unable to obtain, maintain, protect and enforce the intellectual property rights necessary to provide us with a competitive advantage. Our failure to obtain, maintain, protect and enforce our intellectual property rights could therefore have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 If we are unable to protect the confidentiality of our trade secrets, know-how and other proprietary and internally developed information, the value of our technology could be adversely affected. 
 
 We may not be able to protect our trade secrets, know-how and other internally developed proprietary information, including in relation to the AVA platform, adequately. Although we use reasonable efforts to protect this internally developed information and technology, our employees, consultants and other parties (including independent contractors and companies with which we conduct business) may unintentionally or willfully disclose our trade secrets or other proprietary information or technology to competitors. Enforcing a claim that a third party illegally disclosed or obtained and is using any of our internally developed information or technology is difficult, expensive and time-consuming, and the outcome is unpredictable. In addition, courts outside the United States are sometimes less willing to protect trade secrets, know-how and other proprietary information. We rely, in part, on non-disclosure, confidentiality and assignment-of-invention agreements with our employees, independent contractors, consultants and companies with which we conduct business to protect our trade secrets, know-how and other intellectual property and internally developed information. We may fail to enter into such agreements with all applicable parties, and such agreements may not be self-executing, or they may be breached and we may not have adequate remedies for such breach. Moreover, third parties may independently develop similar or equivalent proprietary information or reverse-engineer or otherwise gain access to our trade secrets, know-how and other internally developed information. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Any restrictions on our use of, or ability to license, data, or our failure to license data and integrate third-party technologies, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 We depend upon licenses from third parties for some of the technology and data used in AVA, our core operating technology platform. We may be unsuccessful in maintaining those licenses, and in such an event, it is possible that alternative technology may not be available for license on favorable terms or at all. Moreover, we expect that we may need to obtain additional licenses from third parties in the future in connection with the development of our applications. In addition, we obtain a portion of the data that we use from government entities, public records, external healthcare providers and other partners. We believe that we have all rights necessary to use the data that is incorporated into our services. We cannot, however, assure you that our licenses for information will allow us to use that information for all potential or contemplated applications. 
 
 43 

In addition, our ability to continue to offer an integrated healthcare experience to our members depends on maintaining AVA, which is partially populated with data disclosed to us by our members, the physicians in our network and our other partners with their consent. If these members, physicians and other partners revoke their consent for us to maintain, use, de-identify and share this data, consistent with applicable law, our data assets could be degraded. 
 
 In the future, data providers could withdraw their data from us or restrict our usage for any reason, including if there is a competitive reason to do so, if legislation is passed restricting the use of the data or if judicial interpretations are issued restricting use of the data that we currently use to support our services. In addition, data providers could fail to adhere to our quality control standards in the future, causing us to incur additional expense to appropriately utilize the data. If a substantial number of data providers were to withdraw or restrict their data, or if they fail to adhere to our quality control standards, and if we are unable to identify and contract with suitable alternative data suppliers and integrate these data sources into our service offerings, our ability to provide appropriate services to our members would be materially adversely impacted, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 We also integrate into our internally developed applications and use third-party software to support our technology infrastructure. Some of this software is proprietary and some is open-source software. These technologies may not be available to us in the future on commercially reasonable terms or at all and could be difficult to replace once integrated into our own internally developed applications. Most of these licenses can be renewed only by mutual consent and may be terminated if we breach the terms of the license and fail to cure the breach within a specified period of time. Our inability to obtain, maintain or comply with any of these licenses could delay development until equivalent technology can be identified, licensed and integrated, which would harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Our third-party licenses are generally non-exclusive and our competitors may obtain the right to use any of the data and technology covered by these licenses to compete directly with us. Our use of third-party technologies exposes us to increased risks, including, but not limited to, risks associated with the integration of new technology into our solutions, the diversion of our resources from development of our own internally developed technology and our inability to generate revenue from licensed technology sufficient to offset associated acquisition and maintenance costs. In addition, if our data suppliers choose to discontinue support of the licensed technology in the future, we might not be able to modify or adapt our own solutions. 
 
 Our use of open-source software could adversely affect our ability to offer our products and services and subject us to possible litigation. 
 
 We may use open-source software in connection with our services. Companies that incorporate open-source software into their technologies have, from time to time, faced claims challenging the use of open-source software and/or compliance with open-source license terms. As a result, we could be subject to suits by parties claiming ownership of what we believe to be open-source software or claiming noncompliance with open-source licensing terms. Some open-source software licenses require users who distribute software containing open-source software to publicly disclose all or part of the source code to such software and/or make available any derivative works of the open-source code, which could include valuable proprietary code of the user, on unfavorable terms or at no cost. While we monitor the use of open-source software and try to ensure that none is used in a manner that would require us to disclose our internally developed source code, including that of our AVA platform, or that would otherwise breach the terms of an open-source agreement, such use could inadvertently occur, in part because open-source license terms are often ambiguous. In addition to risks related to license requirements, use of certain open-source software can lead to greater risks than use of third-party commercial software, as open-source licensors generally do not provide warranties or controls on the origin of software which, thus, may contain security vulnerabilities, such as the recent Log4j vulnerability, or infringing or broken code. Any requirement to publicly disclose our internally developed source code or pay damages for breach of contract could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations and could help our competitors develop services that are similar to or better than ours. 
 
 We depend on our senior management team and other key employees, and the loss of one or more of these employees or an inability to attract and retain other highly skilled employees could harm our business. 
 
 Our success depends largely upon the continued services of our senior management team and other key employees. We rely on our leadership team in the areas of operations, product development, provision of medical services, information technology and security, marketing, and general and administrative functions. From time to time, there may be changes in our executive management team resulting from the hiring or departure of executives, which could disrupt our business. Our employment agreements with our executive officers and other key personnel do not require them to continue to work for us for any specified period and, therefore, they could terminate their employment with us at any time. Furthermore, volatility in our stock price may affect our ability to attract and retain replacements should key personnel depart. The loss of one or more of the members of our senior management team, or other key employees, could cause disruptions in or harm to our business, and replacing any such employees would entail significant time and cost. In particular, the loss of the services of our founder and Chief Executive Officer, John Kao, could significantly delay or prevent the achievement of our strategic objectives. We currently do not have key person insurance on any of our employees. 
 44 

Competition for highly qualified personnel is intense, especially for technology specialists and for physicians, nurses and other medical professionals who are experienced in providing care services to older adults. We have, from time to time, experienced, and we expect to continue to experience, difficulty in hiring and retaining employees with appropriate qualifications. Many of the other Medicare Advantage plans and healthcare organizations with which we compete for experienced personnel have greater resources than we have. If we hire employees from competitors or other companies or healthcare providers, their former employees may attempt to assert that these employees or we have breached certain legal obligations, resulting in a diversion of our time and resources. If we fail to attract new personnel or fail to retain and motivate our current personnel, our business and future growth prospects could be harmed. 
 
 Our membership is concentrated in a limited number of U.S. states, and so we are subject to risks associated with our geographic concentration, including unanticipated changes in population morbidity, which could significantly increase utilization rates and medical costs. 
 
 A substantial portion of our revenue is driven by CMS payments in connection with our health plans in California, North Carolina, Nevada, Arizona, Florida and Texas, with over 94 of our members concentrated in California as of December 31, 2022. As a result, our exposure to many of the risks described herein are not mitigated by a diversification of geographic focus. Unfavorable changes in healthcare or other benefit costs or reimbursement rates or increased competition in these areas or any other geographic area where our membership becomes concentrated in the future could therefore have a disproportionately adverse effect on our operating results. Furthermore, due to the concentration of our operations in these states and in California in particular, our business may be adversely affected by economic, health or other conditions that disproportionately affect these states as compared to other states or by natural disasters such as major earthquake, wildfire or hurricane. Any of these factors could have a significant impact on the health of a large number of our covered members, and regulatory changes undertaken in response to such events could require us to cover health care costs for members for which we would not typically be responsible. 
 
 Additionally, the geographic concentration and low-income status of a significant portion of our membership may make them more vulnerable to events such as the COVID-19 pandemic. In particular, a disproportionate number of our members may be affected by the COVID-19 pandemic, access to care may be more difficult, and proposed responses, including telehealth, may not be accessible. To continue to diversify our operations we will have to expand to other regions of the United States, which will require us to devote resources to identifying and exploring such perceived opportunities. We may not be able to continue to successfully expand our operations in any new geographic markets and so we may remain subject to the risks presented by our geographic concentration. 
 
 Our management team has limited experience managing a public company. 
 
 Most members of our management team have limited experience managing a publicly traded company, interacting with public company investors and complying with the increasingly complex laws pertaining to public companies. Our management team may not successfully or efficiently manage us as a public company that is subject to significant regulatory oversight and reporting obligations under the federal securities laws and the continuous scrutiny of securities analysts and investors. These obligations and constituents require significant attention from our senior management and could divert their attention away from the day-to-day management of our business, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Competition for physicians and nurses, shortages of qualified personnel or other factors could increase our labor costs and adversely affect our revenue, profitability and cash flows. 
 
 Although we primarily contract with external providers for care delivery, we also employ physicians and other healthcare professionals to deliver in-house care. Our in-house care delivery operations are dependent on the efforts, abilities and experience of those employees. We compete with healthcare providers, hospitals, clinics, networks and other facilities in attracting physicians, nurses and medical staff to support our in-house care delivery capabilities and in recruiting and retaining qualified management and support personnel to be responsible for the daily operations of our clinics. 
 
 In some markets, the lack of availability of clinical personnel, such as nurses, social workers and mental health professionals, is a significant operating issue facing all healthcare providers and others seeking to employ such personnel. In certain markets the shortage has been exacerbated by the COVID-19 pandemic and its impacts, including governmental responses to the pandemic. This shortage may require us to continue to enhance wages and benefits to recruit and retain qualified personnel or to contract for more expensive temporary personnel. We also depend on the available labor pool of semi-skilled and unskilled workers in each of the markets in which we operate. Our failure to recruit and retain qualified management and medical personnel could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 45 

Any union activity that may occur among our clinical staff in the future could contribute to increased labor costs. Certain proposed changes in federal labor laws and the National Labor Relations Board s modification of its election procedures could increase the likelihood of employee unionization attempts. Although none of our employees are currently represented by a collective bargaining agreement, to the extent a significant portion of our employee base unionizes, it is possible our labor costs could increase materially. 
 
 If our labor costs increase, we may not be able to offset these increased costs. Because a significant percentage of our revenue consists of fixed, prospective payments, our ability to pass along increased labor costs is limited. In particular, if labor costs rise at an annual rate greater than our net annual payments from CMS, our results of operations and cash flows will likely be adversely affected. 
 
 If our records, including those submitted to us by our external providers, contain inaccurate or unsupportable information regarding risk adjustment scores of members, we might overstate or understate our revenue and be subject to various penalties. 
 
 The RAF scores attributable to our members determine, in part, the revenue to which we are entitled for the provision of medical care to our members. The data we submit to CMS is based, in part, on medical charts and diagnosis codes that our in-house clinical staff and our external providers prepare and submit to us. We generally rely on our in-house and externally engaged physicians to appropriately document and support such RAF data in our medical records. We also rely on our in-house and externally engaged physicians to appropriately code claims for medical services provided to members. If the providers do not provide us with accurate and supportable coding and diagnosis information, we may not be able to accurately estimate our revenue and medical costs associated with providing care to our members. If the data suggests the members are sicker than they actually are, we may overstate our revenue and overstate our costs. If the data suggests the members are healthier than they actually are, we may understate our revenue and underestimate our costs. Erroneous and/or unsupported submissions could result in a correction or retroactive adjustment in later periods. This corrected or adjusted information may be reflected in financial statements for periods subsequent to the period in which the revenue was recorded. We might also need to refund a portion of the revenue that we received, which refund, depending on its magnitude, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Additionally, CMS audits Medicare Advantage organizations for documentation to support RAF-related payments for members. The Medicare Advantage organizations ask providers to submit the underlying documentation for members that they serve. It is possible that claims associated with members with higher RAF scores could be subject to more scrutiny in a CMS or plan audit. CMS may impose penalties as a result of its audits. In addition, we could be liable for penalties to the government under the FCA that range from 5,500 to 11,000 (adjusted for inflation) for each false claim, plus up to three times the amount of damages caused by each false claim, which can be as much as the amounts received directly or indirectly from the government for each such false claim. On May 9, 2022, the DOJ issued a final rule announcing adjustments to FCA penalties, under which the per claim penalty range was increased to a range from 12,537 to 25,076 for penalties assessed after May 9, 2022 with respect to violations occurring after November 2, 2015. CMS has indicated that, at least for some plan years, payment adjustments will not be limited to RAF scores for the specific Medicare Advantage enrollees for which errors are found but may also be extrapolated to the entire Medicare Advantage plan membership. 
 
 In addition to the provisions of the FCA, which provide for civil enforcement, the federal government can use several criminal statutes to prosecute persons who are alleged to have submitted false or fraudulent claims for payment to the federal government. 
 Our health plans may be randomly selected or targeted for review by CMS and the outcome of such a review may result in a material adjustment in our revenue and profitability. 
 
 A failure to accurately estimate incurred but not reported medical expense could adversely affect our results of operations. 
 
 Member care costs include estimates of future medical claims that have been incurred by the members but for which the provider has not yet billed. These claim estimates are made utilizing actuarial methods and are continually evaluated and adjusted by management, based upon our historical claims experience and other factors, including an independent assessment by a nationally recognized actuarial firm. Adjustments, if necessary, are made to medical claims expense and capitated revenues when the assumptions used to determine our claims liability change and when actual claim costs are ultimately determined. 
 
 Due to the inherent uncertainties associated with the factors used in these estimates and changes in the patterns and rates of medical utilization, materially different amounts could be reported in our financial statements for a particular period under different conditions or using different, but still reasonable, assumptions. It is possible that our estimates of this type of claim may be inadequate in the future. In such event, our results of operations could be adversely impacted. Further, the inability to estimate these claims accurately may also affect our ability to take timely corrective actions, further exacerbating the extent of any adverse effect on our results of operations. 
 
 46 

Negative publicity regarding the managed healthcare industry generally could adversely affect our results of operations or business. 
 
 Negative publicity regarding the managed healthcare industry generally, or the Medicare Advantage program in particular, may result in increased regulation and legislative review of industry practices that further increase our costs of doing business and adversely affect our results of operations or business by: 
 requiring us to change our products and services; 

increasing the regulatory, including compliance, burdens under which we operate which, in turn, may negatively impact the manner in which we provide products and services and increase our costs of providing products and services; 

adversely affecting our ability to market our products or services through the imposition of further regulatory restrictions regarding the manner in which plans and providers market to Medicare Advantage enrollees; or 

adversely affecting our ability to attract and retain members. 

Federal reductions in Medicare Advantage funding could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 The majority of our revenues come from the government-subsidized Medicare Advantage program. Medicare Advantage is a federally administered program financed in part by federal funds. The federal government has instituted measures aimed at controlling the growth of and/or reducing healthcare spending, including Medicare Advantage spending. We are exposed to financial risks associated with contracting with the federal government, including but not limited to our dependence upon Congress and CMS robustly funding the Medicare Advantage program and the impact that delays in government payments could have on our operating cash flow and liquidity. 
 
 For example, future levels of funding for Medicare Advantage may be affected by continuing government efforts to contain healthcare costs and may further be affected by federal budgetary constraints. Congress periodically considers reducing or reallocating the amount of money the federal government spends on healthcare programs including the Medicare Advantage program, and CMS annually sets the rates and other financial factors that influence the amount of money Medicare Advantage organizations receive from the government. Furthermore, Medicare remains subject to the automatic spending reductions imposed by the Budget Control Act of 2011 and the American Taxpayer Relief Act of 2012 sequestration ), subject to a 2 cap, which has been extended several times, most recently by the Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act of 2021, and is effective through 2031. Adverse economic conditions may put pressures on federal budgets as tax and other federal revenues decrease while the population that is eligible to participate in Medicare Advantage programs increases, creating more need for funding. This may require Congress and/or CMS to seek to reduce Medicare Advantage spending, which may result in reductions in funding for the Medicare Advantage program or contraction of covered benefits. A reduction (or less than expected increase), a protracted delay, or a change in allocation methodology in government funding for Medicare Advantage, as well as termination of one or more CMS contracts, may materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial position and cash flows. 
 
 In addition, if another federal government shutdown were to occur for a prolonged period of time, CMS payment obligations, including its obligations under the Medicare Advantage program, may be delayed. If CMS fails to make payments on a timely basis, our business could suffer, and our financial position, results of operations or cash flows may be materially affected. 
 
 Delays in obtaining, or failure to obtain or maintain, governmental approvals, or moratoria imposed by regulatory authorities, could adversely affect our revenues or membership, increase costs or adversely affect our ability to bring new products and services to market as forecasted. 
 
 The centers out of which our external providers operate and the facilities that host our AVA platform may be negatively impacted by weather and other factors beyond our control. 
 
 Our results of operations may be adversely impacted by adverse conditions affecting the centers out of which our external care providers operate, and the facilities that host our AVA platform, including severe weather events such as tornadoes and widespread winter storms, natural disasters such as earthquakes and fires, public health concerns such as contagious disease outbreaks, violence or threats of violence or other factors beyond our control. Any of these events could cause disruption of member scheduling, displacement of our members, employees and care teams, or force certain of our providers centers, or facilities that host our AVA platform to close temporarily. In certain geographic areas, we have a large concentration of clinics, external provider facilities, and facilities that host our AVA platform that may be simultaneously affected by adverse weather conditions or other events. Our future operating results may be adversely affected by these and other factors that disrupt the operation of the centers out of which our external providers operate and the facilities that host our AVA platform. 
 
 47 

If we are unable to offer new and innovative products and services or our products and services fail to keep pace with advances in industry standards, technology and our members needs, our members may terminate or fail to renew their membership with us and our revenue and results of operations may suffer. 
 
 Our success depends on providing innovative, high-quality, customizable products and services that elevate our members healthcare experience and outcomes. If we cannot adapt to rapidly evolving industry standards, technology and increasingly sophisticated and varied members needs, our existing product and service offerings could become undesirable, obsolete or harm our reputation. In order to remain competitive, we must continue to invest significant resources in our personnel and technology in a timely and cost-effective manner in order to enhance our existing products and services and introduce new high-quality products and services that existing members and potential members will want. We are continually involved in a number of projects to develop new products and services, including the further refinement of our proprietary AVA platform. If our innovations are not responsive to the needs of our existing members or potential new members, are not appropriately timed with market opportunity, are not effectively brought to market or significantly increase our operating costs, we may lose existing members or be unable to enroll new members and our results of operations may suffer. 
 
 We are a holding company with no operations of our own, and we depend on our subsidiaries for cash. 
 
 Currently, we are a holding company and do not have any material assets or operations other than ownership of equity interests of our subsidiaries. Our operations are conducted almost entirely through our subsidiaries, and our ability to generate cash to meet our obligations or to pay dividends is highly dependent on the earnings of, and receipt of funds from, our subsidiaries through dividends, administrative expenses or intercompany loans. The ability of our subsidiaries to generate sufficient cash flow from future operations to allow us and them to make scheduled payments on our obligations will depend on their future financial performance, which will be affected by a range of economic, competitive and business factors, many of which are outside of our control. We cannot assure you that the cash flow and future earnings of our operating subsidiaries will be adequate for our subsidiaries to service their debt obligations. If our subsidiaries do not generate sufficient cash flow from future operations to satisfy corporate obligations, we may have to: undertake alternative financing plans (such as refinancing), restructure debt, sell assets, reduce or delay capital investments, or seek to raise additional capital. We cannot assure you that any such alternative refinancing would be possible, that any assets could be sold, or, if sold, of the timing of the sales and the amount of proceeds realized from those sales, that additional financing could be obtained on acceptable terms, if at all, or that additional financing would be permitted under the terms of our various debt instruments then in effect. Our inability to generate sufficient cash flow to satisfy our obligations, or to refinance our obligations on commercially reasonable terms, would have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Furthermore, we and our subsidiaries may incur substantial additional indebtedness in the future that may severely restrict or prohibit our subsidiaries from making distributions, paying dividends or making loans to us. 
 
 Our ability to obtain funds from certain of our licensed subsidiaries is restricted by state insurance regulations. 
 
 Our MA plans are operated through regulated insurance subsidiaries in various states. These subsidiaries are subject to state regulations that, among other things, require the maintenance of minimum levels of statutory capital or tangible net equity, as defined by each state. The states in which our subsidiaries operate regulate the payment of dividends, loans, administrative expense reimbursements or other cash transfers to us, and limit investments to approved securities. The amount of dividends that may be paid to us by these insurance subsidiaries, without prior approval by state regulatory authorities, or ordinary dividends, is limited based on the entity s level of statutory income and statutory capital and surplus. In some states, prior notification is provided before paying a dividend even if approval is not required. Actual dividends paid may vary due to consideration of excess statutory capital and surplus and expected future surplus requirements. We continue to maintain our levels of aggregate excess statutory capital and surplus in our state-regulated operating subsidiaries. Dividends from our non-insurance companies are generally not restricted by governmental departments of insurance. In the event that our subsidiaries are unable to provide sufficient capital to fund our obligations and allow us to pursue our objectives, our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows may be materially adversely affected. 
 
 If we are required to maintain higher statutory capital levels for our existing operations or if we are subject to additional capital reserve requirements as we pursue new business opportunities, our cash flows and liquidity may be adversely affected. 
 
 One or more of the states in which our MA plan subsidiaries operate may raise the statutory capital or tangible net equity level we are required to maintain from time to time. Certain states have adopted risk-based capital requirements based on guidelines adopted by the National Association of Insurance Commissioners, which tend to be, although are not necessarily, higher than existing statutory capital requirements. Regardless of whether a state in which we may operate has adopted risk-based capital requirements, the state departments of insurance can require our regulated insurance subsidiaries to maintain minimum levels of statutory capital or tangible net equity in excess of amounts required under the applicable state laws if they determine that maintaining additional statutory capital or tangible net equity, as applicable, is in the best interests of our beneficiaries. Any other changes in these requirements could materially increase our statutory capital requirements. In addition, as we continue to expand our plan offerings in new states, add new beneficiaries, or pursue new business opportunities, we may be required to maintain 
 48 

additional statutory capital. In any case, our available funds could be materially reduced, which could harm our ability to implement our business strategy. 
 
 We have limited experience serving as a Direct Contracting Entity and as a participant in the ACO REACH model with CMS and may not be able to realize the expected benefits thereof. 
 The CMS Center for Medicare and Medicaid Innovation CMMI recently implemented a direct contracting model, intended to create value-based payment arrangements directly with Direct Contracting Entities DCEs ), which is part of CMS s strategy to drive broader healthcare reform and accelerate the shift from original Medicare toward value-based care models. A key aspect of direct contracting is providing new opportunities for a variety of different DCEs to participate in value-based care arrangements in Medicare fee-for-service. Effective January 1, 2023, CMS replaced the DCE program with the ACO Realizing Equity, Access, and Community Health Model or ACO REACH model. 
 Our participation in the CMMI program began on April 1, 2021 and, as of January 1, 2023, we had approximately 7,900 members in our arrangement with our clinician partners in North Carolina, California and Nevada. Our participation in the ACO REACH program is subject to annual CMS approval, and our contracts are not guaranteed to be renewed in future years. Prior to April 1, 2021, we had no experience participating in CMMI's programs and, as such, our direct contracting business is in the early stages of development. We are subject to the risks inherent to the launch of any new business, including the risks that we may not generate sufficient returns to justify our investment and that it may take longer or be more costly to achieve the expected benefits from this new program. In particular, we may be unable to achieve risk-like patient economics on original Medicare patients. Moreover, our financial performance under the ACO REACH model may not be similar to our performance under the DCE model. 
 Because the ACO REACH model is a new model designed by CMMI, CMMI is constantly evaluating the program and may revise the applicable rules and design at any time, and such changes may have a significant impact on our ability to carry out our business. Certain CMMI model methodologies, including but not limited to, allowed provider classes, beneficiary alignment, benchmark establishment, and risk score modeling, are subject to continued evaluation. For example, the new ACO REACH model will require participants to meet several provisions on promoting health equity, including the creation of a health equity plan, and will introduce a health equity benchmark adjustment to payments to help support care delivery and coordination in underserved areas. ACO REACH also requires that doctors and other health care providers make up 75 of governing or voting rights on the participating accountable care organization's board. These and other requirements could materially impact our profitability. 
 
 In addition, our management team has and may further invest considerable time and resources in adapting to the ACO REACH model. The ACO REACH model may not be successful and may ultimately be discontinued, including as a result of decreased political support for value-based care or the ACO REACH model, or may be unable to expand our total addressable market in the manner that we expect. Ultimately, our participation in the ACO REACH model may not be profitable to us initially or at all. 
 If we are unable to maintain the minimum required number of beneficiaries served by our ACO REACH model, we may become ineligible to participate in the program. 
 As with the DCE model, CMS requires ACO REACH participants to maintain at least 5,000 aligned Medicare fee-for-service beneficiaries prior to the start of each performance year. If for any year we fail to satisfy the minimum beneficiary alignment requirements, CMS may take remedial action, including imposition of a corrective action plan or termination of our participation in the program. Any adverse action that curtails or eliminates our ability to participate in the program may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, because preliminary performance year benchmarks are calculated prospectively for each performance year before the prior performance year is complete, CMS may retroactively adjust performance year benchmarks based on the finalized quality performance scores achieved by the ACO, which will impact the reimbursements achieved in the model. 
 We are subject to risks associated with delegating services and functions to vendors. 
 We rely on a number of vendors and other third parties to perform various functions and fulfill our obligations to CMS and members. Our ability to operate our business depends on the performance of, and continued contracts with, these vendors. The functions performed by our major vendors include, but are not limited to, information technology support, claims processing, pharmaceutical benefit management, supplemental benefits (e.g., vision benefits) and other business process outsourcing. We also rely in part on third-party brokers for the marketing and sale of our insurance plans and on our IPAs, which perform certain functions on our behalf. 
 Our ability to operate our business depends on the performance of these third parties. Their performance may be compromised or interrupted for a variety of reasons, some of which are outside of our control. For example, if a vendor becomes disqualified by CMS from providing services in connection with a Medicare Advantage plan, we would be unable to continue to use their services. In the event that these third parties are unwilling or unable to perform services for us in accordance with our contract 
 49 

and legal requirements, we may face operational difficulties, penalties, fines, sanctions or litigation. Although we may be able to force the vendor to indemnify us for some or all of the financial penalties, our business and reputation may suffer nonetheless. 
 
 Additionally, in the event that one of our agreements with a key third party terminates, we may have a difficult time bringing the contracted services in-house or contracting with another vendor. Identifying a replacement vendor, negotiating an agreement with the vendor, and transitioning services to the vendor takes significant time and resources. We may be unable to enter into agreements with replacement vendors on favorable terms, or at all. Any loss of a key vendor relationship could result in a service disruption or unavailability and harm our ability to continue to develop, maintain, and improve our products. 
 
 Risks Related to Regulation 
 
 Our business activities are subject to substantial government regulation. New laws or regulations, or legislative, judicial, or regulatory changes in existing laws or regulations or their manner of application could increase our cost of doing business and may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations; our financial position; and our cash flows. 
 
 The Health Care Reform Law and Other Current or Future Legislative, Judicial or Regulatory Changes 
 
 The Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and The Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010 (which we collectively refer to as the Health Care Reform Law enacted significant reforms to various aspects of the U.S. health insurance industry. Certain significant provisions of the Health Care Reform Law include, among others, mandated coverage requirements, mandated benefits and guarantee issuance associated with commercial medical insurance, rebates to policyholders based on minimum benefit ratios, adjustments to Medicare Advantage premiums, the establishment of federally facilitated or state-based exchanges coupled with programs designed to spread risk among insurers, and the introduction of plan designs based on set actuarial values. Some of these changes impact us and other entities that offer Medicate Advantage plans. 
 
 It is reasonably possible that the Health Care Reform Law and related regulations, as well as other current or future legislative, judicial or regulatory changes, including restrictions on our ability to manage our provider network or otherwise operate our business, or restrictions on profitability, including reviews by regulatory bodies that may compare the profitability of various products within our Medicare Advantage business and require that they remain within certain ranges of each other, increases in member benefits or changes to member eligibility criteria without corresponding increases in premium payments to us, may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations (including restricting revenue, enrollment and premium growth in certain products and market segments, restricting our ability to expand into new markets, increasing our medical and operating costs, further lowering our payment rates and increasing our expenses associated with assessments), our financial position and our cash flows. 
 
 Additionally, potential legislative changes or judicial determinations, including activities to repeal or replace the Health Care Reform Law or declare all or certain portions of the Health Care Reform Law unconstitutional, creates uncertainty for our business, and we cannot predict when, or in what form, such legislative changes or judicial determinations may occur. 
 
 Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act, the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act and Other Laws, Rules and Regulations Related to Data Privacy 
 
 We are subject to data privacy and protection laws and regulations that apply to the collection, transmission, storage and use of PHI and other PII, which among other things, impose certain requirements relating to the privacy, security and transmission of PII. The legislative and regulatory landscape for privacy and data protection continues to evolve, and there has been an increasing focus on privacy and data protection issues with the potential to affect our business. Failure to comply with any of these laws and regulations could result in enforcement action against us, including fines, public censure, claims for damages by affected individuals, damage to our reputation and loss of goodwill, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects. Ongoing efforts to comply with evolving laws and regulations may be costly and require ongoing modifications to our policies, procedures and systems. 
 
 The use of individually identifiable health data by our business is regulated at federal and state levels. These laws and rules are changed frequently by legislation or administrative interpretation. Various state laws address the use and maintenance of individually identifiable health information. Most are derived from the privacy and security regulations promulgated under HIPAA. HIPAA includes administrative provisions directed at simplifying electronic data interchange through standardizing transactions, establishing uniform healthcare provider, payer, and employer identifiers, and establishing regulations aimed at protecting confidentiality and security of patient and member data. The rules preempt all inconsistent state laws unless the state law is more privacy-protective. 
 
 These regulations, in addition to other state laws, set standards for the security of electronic health information, including requirements that insurers provide customers with notice regarding how their individually identifiable health information is used. Compliance with HIPAA regulations requires us to regularly monitor security risk, implement and regularly review 
 50 

administrative, technical and physical safeguards to protect electronic health information, and provide workforce training, among other administrative efforts. HIPAA can also expose us to additional liability for violations by our business associates e.g., entities that provide services to health plans and providers). 
 
 HIPAA imposes mandatory penalties for certain violations. In 2022, penalties for violations of HIPAA and its implementing regulations started at 127 per violation and could not exceed approximately 64,000 per violation, subject to a cap of approximately 1.9 million for violations of the same standard in a single calendar year. However, a single breach incident can result in violations of multiple standards. Additionally, the penalty amounts listed above are also due for inflation adjustments in 2023. 
 
 HIPAA also authorizes state attorneys general to file suit on behalf of their residents for statutory damages of up to 25,000. While HIPAA does not create a private right of action allowing individuals to sue in civil court for violations of HIPAA, its standards have been used as the basis for duty of care in state civil suits such as those for negligence or recklessness in the misuse or breach of PHI. 
 
 HIPAA further requires that members be notified of any unauthorized acquisition, access, use or disclosure of their unsecured PHI that compromises the privacy or security of such information, with certain exceptions related to unintentional or inadvertent use or disclosure by employees or authorized individuals. HIPAA specifies that such notifications must be made without unreasonable delay and in no case later than 60 calendar days after discovery of the breach. If a breach affects 500 patients or more, it must be reported to HHS without unreasonable delay, and HHS will post the name of the breaching entity on its public website. Breaches affecting more than 500 patients in the same state or jurisdiction must also be reported to the local media. If a breach involves fewer than 500 people, the covered entity must record it in a log and notify HHS at least annually. 
 
 We also publish statements to our members and partners that describe how we handle and protect PHI. If federal or state regulatory authorities or private litigants consider any portion of these statements to be untrue, we may be subject to claims of deceptive practices, which could lead to significant liabilities and consequences, including, without limitation, costs of responding to investigations, defending against litigation, settling claims, and complying with regulatory or court orders. Any of the foregoing consequences could have a material adverse impact on our business and our financial results. 
 
 Data privacy and security at the state level remains an evolving landscape. For example, CCPA, which came into effect on January 1, 2020, requires companies that process information on California residents to make new disclosures to consumers about their data collection, use and sharing practices, allow consumers to opt out of certain data sharing with third parties and provides a new cause of action for data breaches. In addition, on November 3, 2020, California voters approved a new privacy law, the CPRA, which significantly modifies the CCPA, including by expanding consumers rights with respect to certain personal information and creating a new state agency to oversee implementation and enforcement efforts. This agency will be able to finance operations through penalties issued and with the CPRA s removal of the mandatory cure period from CCPA, we will have less warning before compliance risk results in legal action. Many of the CPRA s provisions became effective on January 1, 2023. The CCPA and CPRA contain exemptions for medical information governed by the California Confidentiality of Medical Information Act, and for PHI collected by a covered entity or business associate governed by the privacy, security, and breach notification rule established pursuant to HIPAA, but the precise interpretation and application of this exemption by regulators is not yet clear. 
 
 The CCPA has prompted a number of proposals for new federal and state-level privacy legislation. Such proposed legislation, if enacted, may add additional complexity, variation in requirements, restrictions and potential legal risk, require additional investment of resources in compliance programs, impact strategies and the availability of previously useful data and could result in increased compliance costs and/or changes in business practices and policies. For example, the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act, or the CDPA, which became effective January 1, 2023, gives Virginia residents expanded rights to access and creates additional obligations on companies covered by the legislation, and the Nevada Privacy Law, which became effective on October 1, 2019, requires businesses to give website users the option to opt-out of the sale of their data. 
 
 While the CPRA/CCPA is an example of consumer privacy law, the NAIC s Model Law is a different type of law focused on securing insurance licensees information systems. Versions of this Model Law have been passed in many states and are expected to be passed in more states in the coming years. Similar to HIPAA, the Model Law requires the implementation of technical, administrative, and procedural information security practices and procedures and includes reporting requirements for data breaches. These Model Laws are typically enforced by state insurance regulators. 
 
 51 

It is possible that applicable laws may be interpreted and applied in a manner that is inconsistent with our practices and our efforts to comply with the evolving data protection rules may be unsuccessful. We must devote significant resources to understanding and complying with this changing landscape. Failure to comply with laws regarding privacy and security of PHI and other PII could expose us to penalties under such laws. Any such failure to comply with data protection and privacy laws could result in government-imposed fines or orders requiring that we change our practices, claims for damages or other liabilities, regulatory investigations and enforcement action, litigation and significant costs for remediation, any of which could adversely affect our business. Even if we are not determined to have violated these laws, government investigations into these issues typically require the expenditure of significant resources and generate negative publicity, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 As indicated above, there are numerous federal and state laws and regulations addressing patient and consumer privacy concerns, including notification requirements in the event of unauthorized access or theft of personal information. State statutes and regulations vary from state to state. Violations of HIPAA or applicable federal or state laws or regulations could subject us to significant criminal or civil penalties, including significant monetary penalties. We cannot yet fully determine the impact these or future laws, rules, regulations and industry standards may have on our business or operations. Any such laws, rules, regulations and industry standards may be inconsistent among different jurisdictions, subject to differing interpretations or may conflict with our current or future practices. Additionally, our customers may be subject to differing privacy laws, rules and legislation, which may mean that they require us to be bound by varying contractual requirements applicable to certain other jurisdictions. Adherence to such contractual requirements may impact our collection, use, processing, storage, sharing and disclosure of various types of information and may mean we become bound by, or voluntarily comply with, self-regulatory or other industry standards relating to these matters that may further change as laws, rules and regulations evolve. Complying with these requirements and changing our policies and practices may be onerous and costly, and we may not be able to respond quickly or effectively to regulatory, legislative and other developments. These changes may in turn impair our ability to offer our existing or planned features, products and services and/or increase our cost of doing business. As we expand our customer base, these requirements may vary from customer to customer, further increasing the cost of compliance and doing business. 
 
 Our business and operations may also be subject to federal, state, and local consumer protection laws governing marketing communications, including the Telephone Consumer Protection Act, TCPA , which places restrictions on the use of automated tools and technologies to communicate with wireless telephone subscribers or communications services consumers generally and the CAN-SPAM Act, which regulates the transmission of marketing emails. Under the TCPA, entities using an automatic dialing system to send communications must obtain prior express consent for non-marketing communications and prior express written consent for marketing communications. The TCPA has a private right of action, allowing individuals who have received unsolicited communications (phone calls, text messages or faxes) made using an automatic dialing system to seek statutory damages of 500 per violation, or 1500 if the violation was made willfully or knowingly. Despite our compliance efforts, we could nevertheless be forced to defend private class actions or government enforcement based on the communications we send to members. 
 
 In addition, certain of our businesses are also subject to the PCI DSS, which is a multifaceted industry security standard that is designed to protect credit card account data as mandated by payment brands and acquiring banks. We rely on vendors to assist us with PCI matters and to ensure PCI compliance. Despite our compliance efforts, we may become subject to claims that we have violated the PCI DSS or other requirements of the payment card brands, based on past, present, or future business practices, which could have an adverse impact on our business and reputation, subject us to fines and/or have a negative impact on our ability to accept credit card payments. 
 
 As described above, substantially all of our relevant member data is maintained on our technology platform, AVA, which aggregates and provides us with access to extensive member datasets, including individually identifiable PHI. As a result, any breach of our technology platform could expose us to substantial liability under HIPAA, the HITECH Act and other applicable laws, regulations or rules. See Risk Factors Security breaches, loss of data and other disruptions could compromise sensitive information related to our business or our members, or prevent us from accessing critical information and expose us to liability, which could adversely affect our business and our reputation . 
 
 Corporate Practice of Medicine and Other Laws 
 
 As a corporate entity, we are not licensed to practice medicine. Many states in which we operate through our subsidiaries limit the practice of medicine to licensed individuals or professional organizations comprised of licensed individuals, and business corporations generally may not exercise control over the medical decisions of physicians. Statutes, regulations and court decisions relating to the practice of medicine, fee-splitting between physicians and referral sources, and similar issues vary widely from state to state. While we endeavor to comply with state corporate practice of medicine laws and regulations as we interpret them, the laws and regulations in these areas are complex, changing, and often subject to varying interpretations. The interpretation and enforcement of these laws vary significantly from state to state. 
 
 52 

Under management agreements between certain of our subsidiaries and affiliated physician-owned professional groups, these groups retain sole responsibility for all medical decisions, as well as for hiring and managing physicians and other licensed healthcare providers, developing operating policies and procedures, implementing professional standards and controls, and maintaining malpractice insurance. Regulatory authorities and other parties may assert that, despite the management and administrative services agreements and other arrangements through which we operate, we are engaged in the prohibited corporate practice of medicine or that our arrangements constitute unlawful fee-splitting. Penalties for violations of the corporate practice of medicine or fee-splitting laws vary by state and may result in physicians being subject to disciplinary action, as well as to forfeiture of revenue from payors for services rendered. For business entities such as us, violations may also bring both civil and, in more extreme cases, criminal liability for engaging in medical practice without a license, our agreements could be found legally invalid and unenforceable (in whole or in part) or we could be required to restructure our contractual arrangements. 
 
 We, our in-house and externally engaged physicians and the facilities in which they operate are subject to various federal, state and local licensing and certification laws and regulations and accreditation standards and other laws, relating to, among other things, the adequacy of medical care, equipment, privacy of member information, physician relationships, personnel and operating policies and procedures. Failure to comply with these licensing, certification and accreditation laws, regulations and standards could result in prior payments being subject to recoupment, requirements to make significant changes to our operations and can give rise to civil or, in extreme cases, criminal penalties. We routinely take the steps we believe are necessary to retain or obtain all requisite licensure and operating authorities. While we have made reasonable efforts to substantially comply with federal, state and local licensing and certification laws and regulations and standards as we interpret them, the agencies that administer these programs may find that we have failed to comply in some material respects. If this were to occur, we could be subject to civil and/or criminal penalties, or we could be required to close or limit our operations at relevant sites. 
 
 In jurisdictions where the corporate practice of medicine is prohibited, we have historically operated by maintaining long-term management and administrative services contracts with multiple associated professional medical entities that are wholly owned or primarily owned by physicians employed by us and, in turn, employ or contract with physicians to provide those professional medical services required by our members. Under these management agreements, our primary operating subsidiary performs only non-medical administrative services, does not represent that it offers medical services and does not exercise influence or control over the practice of medicine by the physicians or the associated physician groups. In addition to the above management arrangements, we have certain contractual rights relating to the orderly transfer of equity interests in our associated physician practices through succession agreements and other arrangements with their physician equity holders. Such equity interests cannot, however, be transferred to or held by us or by any non-professional medical entity. Accordingly, neither we nor our direct subsidiaries directly own any equity interests in any of our physician practices. In the event that any of the physician owners of our associated physician practices fail to comply with the management arrangement, if any management arrangement is terminated and/or we are unable to enforce our contractual rights over the orderly transfer of equity interests in any of our associated physician practices, such events could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 
 It is possible that a state regulatory agency or a court could determine that our agreements with physician equity holders of our associated physician practices and the way we carry out these arrangements as described above, either independently or coupled with the management services agreements with such associated physician practices, are in violation of prohibitions on the corporate practice of medicine. As a result, these arrangements could be deemed invalid. Such a determination could force a restructuring of our management arrangements with the affected practices, which might include revisions of the management services agreements, including a modification of the management fee and/or establishing an alternative structure that would permit us to contract with a physician network without violating prohibitions on the corporate practice of medicine. Such a restructuring may not be feasible, or it may not be possible to accomplish it within a reasonable time frame without a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 
 Anti-Kickback, Physician Self-Referral and Other Fraud and Abuse Laws 
 
 A federal law commonly referred to as the Anti-Kickback Statute prohibits the offer, payment, solicitation, or receipt of any form of remuneration to induce, or in return for, the referral of Medicare or other governmental health program patients or patient care opportunities, or in return for the purchase, lease or order of items or services that are covered by Medicare or other federal governmental health programs. Because the prohibitions contained in the Anti-Kickback Statute apply to the furnishing of items or services for which payment is made in whole or in part, the Anti-Kickback Statute could be implicated if any portion of an item or service we provide is covered by any of the state or federal health benefit programs described above. Violation of these provisions constitutes a felony criminal offense and applicable sanctions could include exclusion from the Medicare and Medicaid programs. 
 
 Section 1877 of the Social Security Act, commonly known as the Stark Law, prohibits physicians, subject to certain exceptions described below, from referring Medicare or Medicaid patients to an entity providing designated health services in which the physician, or an immediate family member, has an ownership or investment interest or with which the physician, or an immediate family member, has entered into a compensation arrangement. These prohibitions, contained in the Omnibus Budget 
 53 

Reconciliation Act of 1993, commonly known as Stark II, amended prior federal physician self-referral legislation known as Stark I by expanding the list of designated health services to a total of 11 categories. The professional groups with which we are contracted or affiliated provide one or more of these designated health services. Persons or entities found to be in violation of the Stark Law are subject to denial of payment for services furnished pursuant to an improper referral, civil monetary penalties, and exclusion from the Medicare and Medicaid programs. 
 
 A federal law commonly referred to as the False Claims Act prohibits the submission of a false or fraudulent claim to the government for payment or approval. Qui tam relators and/or the government may take the position that we submit certain data or information that could form the basis of a claim for payment, thus subjecting us to allegations under the False Claims Act. In such events, we could be subject to treble damages and per-claim penalties. 
 
 Many states also have enacted laws similar in scope and purpose to the Anti-Kickback Statute and, in more limited instances, the Stark Law, that are not limited to services for which Medicare or Medicaid payment is made. In addition, most states have statutes, regulations, or professional codes that restrict a physician from accepting various kinds of remuneration in exchange for making referrals. These laws vary from state to state and have seldom been interpreted by the courts or regulatory agencies. In states that have enacted these statutes, we believe that regulatory authorities and state courts interpreting these statutes may regard federal law under the Anti-Kickback Statute and the Stark Law as persuasive. 
 
 In addition, these laws are subject to modification and changes in interpretation, and are enforced by authorities vested with broad discretion. We continually monitor developments in this area. If we or our third parties with which we contract fail to comply with these laws, or if these laws are interpreted in a manner contrary to our interpretation or are reinterpreted or amended, or if new legislation is enacted with respect to healthcare fraud and abuse, illegal remuneration, or similar issues, we may be required to restructure our affected operations to maintain compliance with applicable law and/or be subject to liability. Such restructuring may not be possible or, if possible, may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position, or cash flows. 
 
 Environmental 
 
 We are subject to various federal, state, and local laws and regulations relating to the protection of human health and the environment. If an environmental regulatory agency finds any of our facilities to be in violation of environmental laws, penalties and fines may be imposed for each day of violation and the affected facility could be forced to cease operations. We could also incur other significant costs, such as cleanup costs or claims by third parties, as a result of releases of hazardous substances or violations of, or other liabilities under, environmental laws. Although we believe that our environmental practices, including waste handling and disposal practices, are in material compliance with applicable laws, future claims or violations, or changes in environmental laws, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position or cash flows. 
 
 State Regulation of Insurance-Related Products 
 
 Laws in each of the states in which we operate our business license and regulate entities that offer health plans to residents of that state. The products we offer are sold under licenses issued by the applicable insurance regulators. However, for entities offering Medicare Advantage plans, federal law preempts all state laws and regulations except those relating to licensing and financial solvency. 
 
 With respect to state regulation of financial solvency, certain of our licensed insurance subsidiaries are subject to regulation under state insurance holding company regulations. These regulations generally require, among other things, prior approval and/or notice of certain material transactions, including dividend payments, purchases or sales of assets, intercompany agreements, and the filing of various financial and operational reports. The amount of dividends that may be paid to us by these insurance subsidiaries, without prior approval by state regulatory authorities, or ordinary dividends, is limited based on the entity s level of statutory income and statutory capital and surplus. Actual dividends paid may vary due to consideration of excess statutory capital and surplus and expected future surplus requirements. We continue to maintain our levels of aggregate excess statutory capital and surplus in our state-regulated operating subsidiaries. Dividends from our non-insurance companies are generally not restricted by departments of insurance. 
 
 If any of our plans or operations are found to violate these or other applicable government laws or regulations, we could suffer severe consequences that would have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, cash flows, reputation and stock price, including: 
 suspension or termination of one or more of our plans; 

refunds of amounts received in violation of law or applicable payment program requirements dating back to the applicable statute of limitation periods; 

loss of our required government certifications; 

54 

loss of our licenses required to operate our clinics and in-house care delivery programs; 

criminal or civil liability, fines, damages or monetary penalties for violations of healthcare fraud and abuse laws, including the federal Anti-Kickback Statute, Stark Law and FCA, or other failures to meet regulatory requirements; 

enforcement actions by governmental agencies and/or state law claims for monetary damages by members who believe their PHI has been used, disclosed or not properly safeguarded in violation of federal or state patient privacy laws, including HIPAA and the Privacy Act of 1974; 

mandated changes to our practices or procedures that significantly increase operating expenses; 

imposition of and compliance with corporate integrity agreements that could subject us to ongoing audits and reporting requirements as well as increased scrutiny of our billing and business practices which could lead to potential fines, among other things; 

termination of various relationships and/or contracts related to our business, including joint venture arrangements, medical director agreements, real estate leases and consulting agreements with physicians; and 

harm to our reputation which could negatively impact our business relationships, affect our ability to attract and retain members and physicians, affect our ability to obtain financing and decrease access to new business opportunities, our ability to develop relationships with providers, among other things. 

If we are unable to effectively adapt to changes in the healthcare industry, including changes to laws and regulations regarding or affecting the U.S. healthcare reform, our business may be harmed. 
 
 Due to the importance of the healthcare industry in the lives of all Americans, federal, state, and local legislative bodies frequently pass legislation and promulgate regulations relating to healthcare reform or that affect the healthcare industry. As has been the trend in recent years, it is reasonable to assume that there will continue to be increased government oversight and regulation of the healthcare industry in the future. We cannot predict the ultimate content, timing or effect of any new healthcare legislation or regulations, nor is it possible at this time to estimate the impact of potential new legislation or regulations on our business. It is possible that future legislation enacted by Congress or state legislatures, or regulations promulgated by regulatory authorities at the federal or state level, could adversely affect our business or could change the operating environment of our clinical staff and external providers. It is possible that the changes in Medicare, Medicaid or other governmental healthcare program reimbursements may serve as precedent to possible changes in other payors reimbursement policies in a manner adverse to us. Similarly, changes in the private payor reimbursements could lead to adverse changes to Medicare, Medicaid and other governmental healthcare programs, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 The policies and decisions of the federal and state governments regarding the Medicare Advantage program in which we participate have a substantial impact on our profitability. These governmental policies and decisions, which we cannot predict with certainty, directly shape the revenues given to us under the Medicare Advantage program, the eligibility and enrollment of our members, the services we provide to our members, and our administrative, healthcare services, and other costs associated with the Medicare Advantage program. Legislative or regulatory actions, such as changes to the Medicare Advantage program, those resulting in a reduction in payments to us, an increase in our cost of administrative and healthcare services, or additional fees, taxes or assessments, may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows. For example, CMS recently finalized new regulations addressing marketing activities in the Medicare Advantage program and requiring additional oversight of third-party marketing organizations with whom Medicare Advantage Organizations contract to help market to potential new members. CMS s focus on marketing activities coincides with an apparent increased DOJ interest, as well. In recent years, the DOJ has launched investigations into whether marketing and recruiting practices of Medicare Advantage Organizations and their downstream providers violate the FCA. 
 
 While we believe that we have structured our agreements and operations in material compliance with applicable healthcare laws and regulations, we may be unable to successfully address changes in the current regulatory environment. In addition, some of the healthcare laws and regulations applicable to us are subject to limited or evolving interpretations, and a review of our business or operations by a court, law enforcement or a regulatory authority might result in a determination that could have a material adverse effect on us. Furthermore, the healthcare laws and regulations applicable to us may be amended or interpreted in a manner that could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 New federal restrictions on plans that CMS believes resemble dual-eligible special needs plans and new state-level restrictions on actual dual-eligible special needs plans may restrict the types and number of plans that we can offer, thus potentially adversely impacting our membership, revenue and/or profitability. 
 
 55 

Medicare Advantage organizations may offer dual-eligible special needs plans D-SNPs ), which are plans that may only enroll beneficiaries who are eligible for both Medicare and Medicaid. D-SNPs must meet additional statutory and regulatory requirements that are intended to address certain challenges faced by the dually eligible population. According to CMS, some Medicare Advantage organizations offer plans that are not D-SNPs but that are designed to attract primarily dual-eligible beneficiaries D-SNP look-alike plans ). CMS recently issued a final rule to restrict the offering of D-SNP look-alike plans. Specifically, CMS will not enter into a contract for a new Medicare Advantage plan that is not a special needs plan and is projected to enroll more than 80 dual-eligible members. Moreover, CMS will not renew a contract for such plans unless the plan has been active for less than a year and enrolls 200 or fewer members. Additionally, the California Department of Healthcare Services has adopted regulatory changes limiting the availability of D-SNP contracts. These regulatory developments are likely to restrict the types of plans we can offer and the membership mix we can maintain in our plans. To the extent we have to offer enhanced benefits to attract or retain dual-eligible members in certain plans, the profitability of such plans may be impacted. These regulatory developments may accordingly have an adverse impact on our membership, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows . 
 
 If we lost the services of the licensed physicians who own our associated physician practices for any reason, the contractual arrangements with our associated physician practices could be in jeopardy. 
 
 As described above, because of regulations preventing the corporate practice of medicine, certain of our associated physician practice groups that operate our clinics are wholly owned or primarily owned by physicians employed by us. Although we retain certain rights regarding the succession of ownership of the associated practices through succession agreements and other arrangements with their physician equity holders, if current owners died, were incapacitated or otherwise were no longer affiliated with us, there could be a material adverse effect on the relationship between us and the associated physician practices and, therefore, our business operations could be adversely affected. 
 
 The contractual arrangements we have with our associated physician practices are not as secure as direct ownership of such entities. 
 
 As described above, because of laws prohibiting the corporate practice of medicine, we enter into contractual arrangements to manage certain of our affiliated physician practices. If we were to hold the equity of such physician practices directly, we would be able to exercise our rights as an equity holder directly to effect changes in the boards of directors of those entities, which could effect changes at the management and operational level. In contrast, under our current contractual arrangements with our associated physician groups, we may not be able to directly change the members of the boards of directors of these entities and would have to rely on the entities and the entities equity holders to perform their obligations in order to exercise our control over the entities. If any of these affiliated entities or their equity holders fail to perform their respective obligations under the contractual arrangements, we may have to incur substantial costs and expend additional resources to enforce such arrangements. 
 
 Changes in tax laws may adversely affect us, and the Internal Revenue Service or a court may disagree with tax positions taken by us, which may result in adverse effects on our financial condition or the value of our common stock. 
 
 The CARES Act, enacted on March 27, 2020, in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, amended the U.S. federal tax code, generally on a temporary basis. There can be no assurance that future tax law changes will not increase the rate of the corporate income tax significantly, impose new limitations on deductions, credits or other tax benefits, or make other changes that may adversely affect our business, cash flows or financial performance. In addition, the Internal Revenue Service (the Service has yet to issue guidance on a number of important issues regarding the changes made by the CARES Act. In the absence of such guidance, we will take positions with respect to a number of unsettled issues. There is no assurance that the Service or a court will agree with the positions taken by us, in which case tax penalties and interest may be imposed that could adversely affect our business, cash flows or financial performance. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Indebtedness and our Capital Requirements 
 
 Our existing indebtedness could adversely affect our business and growth prospects. 
 
 In September 2022, we entered into a senior secured term loan facility with Oxford Finance LLC, maturing in September 2027 (the Term Loan ). Our indebtedness under the Term Loan bears interest at a variable rate equal to (i) the secured overnight financing rate SOFR administered by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York for a one-month tenor, subject to a floor of 1.00 , plus (ii) an applicable margin of 6.50 . As of December 31, 2022, we had 165 million in principal amount outstanding under our Term Loan. Our indebtedness under the Term Loan, or any additional indebtedness we may incur, could require us to divert funds identified for other purposes for debt service and impair our liquidity position. If we cannot generate sufficient cash flow from operations to service our debt, we may need to refinance our debt, dispose of assets or issue equity to obtain necessary funds. We do not know whether we will be able to take any of these actions on a timely basis, on terms satisfactory to us or at all. 
 
 56 

Because the interest rate applicable to our Term Loan is based on SOFR, it is therefore subject to increases in interest rates. Fluctuations in interest rates can increase borrowing costs. To the extent the interest rates applicable to the Term Loan increase, our interest expense will increase, in which event we may have difficulties making interest payments and funding our other fixed costs, and our available cash flow for general corporate requirements may be adversely affected. Although SOFR has been endorsed by the Alternative Reference Rates Committee as its preferred replacement for the London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR ), it remains uncertain whether or when SOFR or other alternative reference rates will be widely accepted by lenders as the replacement for LIBOR. This may, in turn, impact the liquidity of the SOFR loan market, and SOFR itself. Since the initial publication of SOFR, daily changes in the rate have, on occasion, been more volatile than daily changes in comparable benchmark or market rates, and SOFR over time may bear little or no relation to the historical actual or historical indicative data. SOFR is observed and backward-looking, which stands in contrast with LIBOR, which is an estimated forward-looking rate and relies, to some degree, on the expert judgment of submitting panel members. It is possible that the volatility of and uncertainty around SOFR and the applicable credit adjustment would result in higher borrowing costs for us, and would adversely affect our liquidity, financial condition, and earnings. 
 
 Our indebtedness and the cash flow needed to satisfy our debt have other important consequences, including: 
 limiting funds otherwise available for financing our capital expenditures by requiring us to dedicate a portion of our cash flows from operations to the repayment of debt and the interest on this debt; 

placing us at a competitive disadvantage to our competitors that are not as highly leveraged; and 

making us more vulnerable in the event of a downturn in our business. 

In addition, developments in tax policy, such as the disallowance of tax deductions for interest paid on outstanding indebtedness, could have an adverse effect on our liquidity and our business, financial conditions and results of operations. 
 
 We expect to use cash flow from operations to meet current and future financial obligations, including funding our operations, debt service requirements and capital expenditures. The ability to make these payments depends on our financial and operating performance, which is subject to prevailing economic, industry and competitive conditions and to certain financial, business, economic and other factors beyond our control. 
 
 We may not be able to generate sufficient cash flow to service all of our indebtedness and may be forced to take other actions to satisfy our obligations under such indebtedness, including refinancing such indebtedness, which may not be successful. 
 
 Our ability to make scheduled payments or to refinance outstanding debt obligations depends on our financial and operating performance, which will be affected by prevailing economic, industry and competitive conditions and by financial, business and other factors beyond our control. We may not be able to maintain a sufficient level of cash flow from operating activities to permit us to pay the principal, premium, if any, and interest on our indebtedness. Any failure to make payments of interest and principal on our outstanding indebtedness on a timely basis would likely result in penalties or defaults, which would also harm our ability to incur additional indebtedness. 
 
 If our cash flows and capital resources are insufficient to fund our debt service obligations, we may be forced to reduce or delay capital expenditures, sell assets, seek additional capital or seek to restructure or refinance our indebtedness. Any refinancing of our indebtedness could be at higher interest rates and may require us to comply with more onerous covenants. We may not be able to obtain sufficient funds to enable us to repay or refinance our debt obligations on commercially reasonable terms, or at all, and accordingly may not be successful and may not permit us to meet our scheduled debt service obligations. In the absence of such cash flows and resources, we could face substantial liquidity problems and might be required to sell material assets or operations to attempt to meet our debt service obligations. If we cannot meet our debt service obligations, the holders of our indebtedness may accelerate such indebtedness and, to the extent such indebtedness is secured, foreclose on our assets. In such an event, we may not have sufficient assets to repay all of our indebtedness. 
 
 The terms and conditions of our Term Loan restrict our current and future operations, particularly our ability to respond to changes or to take certain actions. 
 
 Our Term Loan contains a number of restrictive covenants that impose significant operating and financial restrictions on us and may limit our ability to engage in acts that may be in our long-term best interests, including restrictions on our ability to: 
 incur additional indebtedness or other contingent obligations; 

create liens; 

make investments, acquisitions, loans and advances; 

consolidate, merge, liquidate or dissolve; 

57 

sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of our assets; 

pay dividends on our equity interests or make other payments in respect of capital stock; and 

materially alter the business we conduct. 

The loan agreement governing our Term Loan includes financial covenants that require us to (i) maintain minimum liquidity, as defined in the loan agreement, of 23.0 million and (ii) remain below a maximum permitted ratio of debt to trailing twelve-month revenue, as set forth in the loan agreement. Our ability to satisfy those tests can be affected by events beyond our control. As of December 31, 2022, we were in compliance with the financial covenants. 
 
 A breach of the covenants or restrictions under the Term Loan could result in an event of default under such document. Pursuant to a security agreement with the lender, we granted a first priority security interest in substantially all of our assets (excluding those held by certain subsidiaries), including certain intellectual property and a pledge of the equity interests in certain subsidiaries, subject to customary exceptions. Accordingly, a default may allow the lenders to accelerate the debt and to seize our assets that serve as collateral for the loan. In the event the holders of our indebtedness accelerate the repayment, we may not have sufficient assets to repay that indebtedness or be able to borrow sufficient funds to refinance it. Even if we are able to obtain new financing, it may not be on commercially reasonable terms or on terms acceptable to us. As a result of these restrictions, we may be: 
 limited in how we conduct our business; 

unable to raise additional debt or equity financing to operate during general economic or business downturns; or 

unable to compete effectively or to take advantage of new business opportunities. 

These restrictions, along with restrictions that may be contained in agreements evidencing or governing other future indebtedness, may affect our ability to grow in accordance with our growth strategy. 
 
 Our failure to raise additional capital or generate cash flows necessary to expand our operations and invest in new technologies in the future could reduce our ability to compete successfully and harm our results of operations. 
 
 We may need to raise additional funds, and we may not be able to obtain additional debt or equity financing on favorable terms or at all. Our need for additional capital will depend on our business needs, requirements and opportunities, including to develop and enhance new and existing products and services, enter new markets, further develop our infrastructure, and comply with any statutory, regulatory or contractual capital and liquidity requirements. In addition, we intend to assess strategic acquisitions as the opportunities arise, some of which may be material to our operations. Our ability to obtain additional capital will depend on our development efforts, business plans, investor demand, operating performance, the condition of the capital markets, and other factors. If we raise additional equity financing, our security holders may experience significant dilution of their ownership interests. The equity securities we issue may also have rights, preferences, or privileges senior to the rights of existing stockholders. If we engage in additional debt financing, we may be required to accept terms that restrict our ability to incur additional indebtedness, force us to maintain specified liquidity or other ratios or restrict our ability to pay dividends or make acquisitions. In addition, the covenants in our Term Loan limit our ability to obtain additional debt, and any failure to adhere to these covenants could result in penalties or defaults that could further restrict our liquidity or limit our ability to obtain financing. 
 
 If we need additional capital and cannot raise it on acceptable terms, or at all, we may not be able to, among other things: 
 develop and enhance our member services; 

maintain or expand our marketing efforts; 

maintain our presence in certain existing markets or enter new markets as currently planned, or at all; 

continue to expand our organization; 

hire, train and retain employees; 

respond to competitive pressures or unanticipated working capital requirements; or 

pursue acquisition opportunities. 

If we are unable to obtain adequate financing or financing on terms satisfactory to us when we require it, our ability to continue to support our business growth and to respond to business challenges could be significantly limited or impaired. 
 
 58 

Risks Related to Our Common Stock 
 
 Our operating results and stock price may be volatile, including as a result of factors that are beyond our control. 
 
 Our quarterly operating results are likely to fluctuate in the future. In addition, securities markets worldwide, and public companies in the healthcare and technology industry in particular, have experienced, and are likely to continue to experience, significant price and volume fluctuations. This market volatility, as well as general economic, market or political conditions, could subject the market price of our shares to wide price fluctuations regardless of our operating performance. Our operating results and the trading price of our shares may fluctuate in response to various factors, including: 
 market conditions in our industry or the broader stock market; 

actual or anticipated fluctuations in our quarterly or annual financial and operating results; 

our announcement of actual results for a fiscal period that are higher or lower than revenue or earnings guidance or our announcement of revenue or earnings guidance that is higher or lower than expected; 

introduction of new solutions or services by us or our competitors; 

issuance of new or changed securities analysts reports or recommendations; 

sales, or anticipated sales, of large blocks of our stock; 

additions or departures of board members, management or other key personnel; 

regulatory or political developments, including those related to Medicare; 

litigation and governmental investigations; 

changing economic conditions; 

investors perception of us; 

health epidemics, such as the COVID-19 pandemic; 

other events beyond our control, such as earthquakes, weather and war; and 

any default on our indebtedness. 

These and other factors, many of which are beyond our control, may cause our operating results and the market price and demand for our shares to fluctuate substantially. Fluctuations in our quarterly or annual operating results could limit or prevent investors from readily selling their shares and may otherwise negatively affect the market price and liquidity of our shares. In addition, in the past, when the market price of a stock has been volatile, holders of that stock have sometimes instituted securities class action litigation against the company that issued the stock. If any of our shareholders brought a lawsuit against us, we could incur substantial costs defending the lawsuit. Such a lawsuit could also divert the time and attention of our management from our business, which could significantly harm our profitability and reputation. Further, we provide indemnification for our officers and directors for certain claims in connection with such litigation. Large indemnity payments would adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 
 Our actual operating results may not meet or exceed our guidance and investor expectations, which would likely cause our stock price to decline. 
 
 From time to time, we may release guidance in our earnings releases, earnings conference calls or otherwise, regarding our future performance that represent our management s estimates as of the date of release. If given, this guidance, which will include forward-looking statements, will be based on projections prepared by our management. Projections are based upon a number of assumptions and estimates that, while presented with numerical specificity, are inherently subject to significant business, economic and competitive uncertainties and contingencies, many of which are beyond our control. Our actual results could differ materially from such projections. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, those identified in this Risk Factors section. The principal reason that we expect to release guidance is to provide a basis for our management to discuss our business outlook with analysts and investors. With or without our guidance, analysts and other investors may publish expectations regarding our business, financial performance and results of operations. Guidance is necessarily speculative in nature, and it can be expected that some or all of the assumptions of the guidance furnished by us will not materialize or will vary significantly from actual results. If our actual performance does not meet or exceed our guidance or investor expectations, the trading price of our common stock may decline. 
 
 An active, liquid trading market for our common stock may not be sustained. 
 
 59 

Although our common stock is currently listed on the Nasdaq Stock Market under the symbol ALHC, an active trading market for our shares may not be sustained. Accordingly, if an active trading market for our common stock is not maintained, the liquidity of our common stock would be limited, and holders of our common stock may not be able to sell their shares when desired. Moreover, the prices that they may obtain for their shares would be adversely affected. An inactive market may also impair our ability to raise capital to continue to fund operations by issuing shares and may impair our ability to acquire other companies or technologies by using our shares as consideration. 
 
 The Lead Sponsors hold a substantial percentage of our outstanding common stock and have the ability to significantly influence our management, business plans and policies and the election of our directors, and their interests may conflict with ours or the holders of our common stock in the future. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, funds managed by General Atlantic, L.P. General Atlantic and Warburg Pincus LLC Warburg Pincus and, together with General Atlantic, the Lead Sponsors beneficially owned approximately 42.2 of our outstanding common stock, which means that, based on their combined percentage voting power, the Lead Sponsors together have the ability to significantly influence the vote of all matters submitted to a vote of our shareholders, including the election of the members of our board of directors (the Board and all other corporate decisions. Accordingly, the Lead Sponsors have significant influence with respect to our management, business plans and policies, including the appointment and removal of our officers, decisions on whether to raise future capital and amending our charter and bylaws, which govern the rights attached to our common stock. In particular, for so long as the Lead Sponsors continue to own a significant percentage of our stock, the Lead Sponsors are able to exert substantial influence over any proposed change of control of us or a change in the composition of our Board and could effectively preclude any unsolicited acquisition of us. The concentration of ownership could deprive holders of an opportunity to receive a premium for their shares of common stock as part of a sale of us and ultimately might affect the market price of our common stock. 
 
 In addition, in connection with our IPO, we entered into a Stockholders Agreement with the Lead Sponsors that provides (x) General Atlantic the right to designate: (i) four of the nominees for election to our Board for so long as General Atlantic beneficially owns at least 35 of our common stock then outstanding; (ii) three of the nominees for election to our Board for so long as General Atlantic beneficially owns less than 35 but at least 25 of our common stock then outstanding; (iii) two of the nominees for election to our Board for so long as General Atlantic beneficially owns less than 25 but at least 15 of our common stock then outstanding; and (iv) one of the nominees for election to our Board for so long as General Atlantic beneficially owns less than 15 but at least 5 of our common stock then outstanding and (y) Warburg Pincus the right to designate one of the nominees for election to our Board for so long as Warburg Pincus beneficially owns at least 5 of our common stock then outstanding. The Lead Sponsors may also assign such rights to their affiliates. Moreover, so long as General Atlantic continues to hold at least 25 of our common stock then outstanding, the Stockholders Agreement also gives General Atlantic approval rights over certain major corporate decisions such as certain acquisitions and incurrence of debt. 
 
 The Lead Sponsors and their affiliates engage in a broad spectrum of activities, including investments in the healthcare industry generally. In the ordinary course of their business activities, the Lead Sponsors and their affiliates may engage in activities where their interests conflict with our interests or those of our other stockholders, such as investing in or advising businesses that directly or indirectly compete with certain portions of our business or are suppliers or customers of ours. Our certificate of incorporation provides that none of the Lead Sponsors, any of their affiliates or any director who is not employed by us (including any non-employee director who serves as one of our officers in both his director and officer capacities) or its affiliates will have any duty to refrain from engaging, directly or indirectly, in the same business activities or similar business activities or lines of business in which we operate. The Lead Sponsors also may pursue acquisition opportunities that may be complementary to our business and, as a result, those acquisition opportunities may not be available to us. In addition, each of the Lead Sponsors may have an interest in pursuing acquisitions, divestitures and other transactions that, in its judgment, could enhance its investment, even though such transactions might involve risks to holders of our common stock. 
 
 Future sales and issuances by us of our common stock could result in additional dilution to you and could cause the price of our common stock to drop significantly. Additionally, a significant portion of our total outstanding shares may be sold into the market in the future. This could also cause the market price of our common stock to drop significantly, even if our business is doing well. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 187,280,015 outstanding shares of common stock. From time to time in the future, we may issue additional shares of our common stock or securities convertible into our common stock pursuant to a variety of transactions, including acquisitions. The issuance by us of additional shares of our common stock or securities convertible into our common stock would dilute the ownership of our existing stockholders and may cause the price of our common stock to drop significantly. 
 
 Moreover, sales of a substantial number of shares of our common stock in the public market by the existing holders thereof could occur at any time. The Lead Sponsors are entitled, under a registration rights agreement, to require us to register shares owned by them for public sale in the United States. Additionally, we have registered shares of common stock that we may issue under our equity compensation plans. Subject to the satisfaction of vesting conditions, such shares can be freely sold in the public market 
 60 

upon issuance. Sales by these holders, or the perception in the market that the holders of a large number of shares intend to sell shares, could reduce the market price of our common stock. These factors could also make it more difficult for us to raise additional funds through future offerings of our shares of common stock or other securities. 
 
 If securities or industry analysts do not publish research or reports about our business, if they adversely change their recommendations regarding our shares or if our results of operations do not meet their expectations, our stock price and trading volume could decline. 
 
 The trading market for our shares is influenced by the research and reports that industry or securities analysts publish about us or our business. We do not have any control over these analysts. If one or more of these analysts cease coverage of us or fail to publish reports on us regularly, we could lose visibility in the financial markets, which in turn could cause our stock price or trading volume to decline. Moreover, if one or more of the analysts who cover us downgrade our stock, or if our results of operations do not meet their expectations, our stock price could decline. 
 
 We may issue shares of preferred stock in the future, which could make it difficult for another company to acquire us or could otherwise adversely affect holders of our common stock, which could depress the price of our common stock. 
 
 Our certificate of incorporation authorizes us to issue one or more series of preferred stock. Our Board has the authority to determine the preferences, limitations and relative rights of the shares of preferred stock and to fix the number of shares constituting any series and the designation of such series, without any further vote or action by our shareholders. Our preferred stock could be issued with voting, liquidation, dividend and other rights superior to the rights of our common stock. The potential issuance of preferred stock may delay or prevent a change in control of us, discouraging bids for our common stock at a premium to the market price, and materially adversely affect the market price and the voting and other rights of the holders of our common stock. 
 
 We have no current plans to pay regular cash dividends on our common stock for the foreseeable future. 
 
 We do not anticipate paying any regular cash dividends on our common stock for the foreseeable future. Any decision to declare and pay dividends in the future will be made at the discretion of our Board and will depend on, among other things, our results of operations, financial condition, cash requirements, contractual restrictions and other factors that our Board may deem relevant. In addition, our ability to pay dividends is, and may be, limited by covenants of existing and any future outstanding indebtedness we or our subsidiaries incur. Therefore, any return on investment in our common stock is solely dependent upon the appreciation of the price of our common stock on the open market, which may not occur. 
 
 Provisions of our corporate governance documents could make an acquisition of us more difficult and may prevent attempts by our shareholders to replace or remove our current management, even if beneficial to our shareholders. 
 
 In addition to the Lead Sponsors beneficial ownership of a combined 42.2 of our common stock, our certificate of incorporation and bylaws and the Delaware General Corporation Law (the DGCL contain provisions that could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire us, even if doing so might be beneficial to our shareholders. Among other things, these provisions: 
 provide that any amendment, alteration, rescission or repeal of our certificate of incorporation or our bylaws by our stockholders will require the affirmative vote of the holders of at least 66 2/3 in voting power of all the then- outstanding shares of our stock entitled to vote thereon, voting together as a single class; 

allow us to authorize the issuance of undesignated preferred stock, the terms of which may be established and the shares of which may be issued without shareholder approval, and which may include supermajority voting, special approval, dividend, or other rights or preferences superior to the rights of stockholders; 

provide for a classified board of directors with staggered three-year terms; 

prohibit stockholder action by written consent from and after the date on which the Lead Sponsors beneficially own, in the aggregate, less than 40 of our common stock then outstanding; and 

establish advance notice requirements for nominations for elections to our Board or for proposing matters that can be acted upon by stockholders at stockholder meetings, provided, however, that at any time a Lead Sponsor beneficially owns, in the aggregate, at least 40 of our common stock then outstanding, such advance notice provision will not apply to that Lead Sponsor. 

Our certificate of incorporation contains a provision that provides us with protections similar to Section 203 of the DGCL, and prevents us from engaging in a business combination with a person who acquires at least 15 of our common stock for a period of three years from the date such person (excluding the Lead Sponsors and any of their direct or indirect transferees and any group as to which such persons are a party) acquired such common stock, unless Board or stockholder approval is obtained prior 
 61 

to the acquisition. These provisions could discourage, delay or prevent a transaction involving a change in control of our company. These provisions could also discourage proxy contests and make it more difficult for stockholders to elect directors of their choosing and cause us to take other corporate actions they desire, including actions that they may deem advantageous, or negatively affect the trading price of our common stock. In addition, because our Board is responsible for appointing the members of our management team, these provisions could in turn affect any attempt by our stockholders to replace current members of our management team. 
 
 These and other provisions in our certificate of incorporation, bylaws and Delaware law could make it more difficult for stockholders or potential acquirers to obtain control of our Board or initiate actions that are opposed by our then-current Board, including delay or impede a merger, tender offer or proxy contest involving our company. The existence of these provisions could negatively affect the price of our common stock and limit opportunities for our stockholders to realize value in a corporate transaction. 
 
 The provision of our certificate of incorporation requiring exclusive forum in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware or the federal district courts of the United States for certain types of lawsuits may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against our directors and officers. 
 
 Pursuant to our certificate of incorporation, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware will be the sole and exclusive forum for (1) any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf, (2) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any of our directors, officers or other employees to us or our shareholders, (3) any action asserting a claim against us arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL, our certificate of incorporation or our bylaws or (4) any other action asserting a claim against us that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine; provided that for the avoidance of doubt, the forum selection provision that identifies the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware as the exclusive forum for certain litigation, including any derivative action , will not apply to suits to enforce a duty or liability created by the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or any other claim for which there is exclusive federal or concurrent federal and state jurisdiction. Additionally, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the federal district courts of the United States of America shall be the exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act. Although we believe these exclusive forum provisions benefit us by providing increased consistency in the application of Delaware law and federal securities laws in the types of lawsuits to which each applies, the exclusive forum provisions may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or any of our directors, officers or stockholders, which may discourage lawsuits with respect to such claims. Our stockholders will not be deemed to have waived our compliance with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder as a result of our exclusive forum provisions. Further, in the event a court finds any such exclusive forum provision contained in our certificate of incorporation to be unenforceable or inapplicable in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions, which could harm our business, operating results and financial condition. Our certificate of incorporation further provides that any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in shares of our capital stock is deemed to have notice of and consented to the provisions of our certificate of incorporation described above. The forum selection clauses in our certificate of incorporation may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against us or our directors and officers and may limit our shareholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us. 
 
 General Risk Factors 
 
 Economic downturn or unstable market and economic conditions, including rising rates of inflation, may have serious adverse consequences on our business, financial condition and share price. 
 
 The global economy, including credit and financial markets, has experienced extreme volatility and disruptions, including severely diminished liquidity and credit availability, declines in consumer confidence, declines in economic growth, increases in unemployment rates, increases in inflation rates, higher interest rates and uncertainty about economic stability. Any such volatility and disruptions, or a general sustained economic downturn, may have adverse consequences on us or the third parties on whom we rely. Increased inflation rates, for example, have previously and may in the future adversely affect us by increasing our costs, including interest rates applicable to outstanding indebtedness, labor and employee benefit costs and increasing medical expenses. Additionally, if the equity and credit markets deteriorate, including as a result of COVID-19 or due to political unrest or war, it may make any necessary debt or equity financing more difficult to obtain in a timely manner or on favorable terms, more costly or more dilutive. During periods of high unemployment, governmental entities often experience budget deficits as a result of increased costs and lower than expected tax collections. The COVID-19 pandemic has created additional budgetary pressure on governmental entities. These budget deficits at federal, state and local government entities have decreased, and may continue to decrease, spending for health and human service programs, including Medicare and similar programs, which represents the most significant revenue source for us. Any of these negative economic conditions could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 62 

Our business, financial condition and results of operations may be materially adversely affected by any negative impact on the global economy and capital markets resulting from the conflict in Ukraine or any other geopolitical tensions. 
 
 We are currently operating our business in a period of economic uncertainty and capital markets disruption, which has been significantly impacted by geopolitical instability due to the ongoing military conflict between Russia and Ukraine. Although the length and impact of the ongoing military conflict is highly unpredictable, the conflict in Ukraine could impact the global economy, trigger further geopolitical tensions or conflicts, and lead to market disruptions, including significant volatility in commodity prices and credit and capital markets, as well as supply chain interruptions. Among other things, the conflict could impact us in the following ways: 
 
 the conflict could contribute, directly or indirectly, to inflation or an economic downturn, which could result in budget deficits at federal, state and local government levels and a reduction in spending for health and human service programs, including Medicare and similar programs, which represents the most significant revenue source for us; 

as an indirect result of the conflict, we may be faced with an increased risk of security breaches of our information technology networks and systems infrastructure, including electronic break-ins, computer viruses, ransomware, attacks by hackers and other malicious actors and similar breaches; 

disruptions caused by the Russia-Ukraine conflict or other geopolitical conflicts could impact our ability to pursue our growth strategy, including through disruptions to our supply chain; and 

volatility in the global capital markets as well as other global economic consequences of the conflict could adversely affect our ability to raise capital on acceptable terms. 

We are continuing to monitor the situation in Ukraine and assessing its potential impact on our business. If any of the foregoing risks were to occur, they could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Our corporate culture has contributed to our success, and if we cannot maintain this culture as we grow, we could lose the innovation, creativity and teamwork fostered by our culture and our business may be harmed. 
 
 We believe that our culture has been and will continue to be a critical contributor to our success. We expect to continue to hire aggressively as we expand, and we believe our corporate culture has been crucial in our success and our ability to attract highly skilled personnel. If we do not continue to develop our corporate culture or maintain and preserve our core values of always putting the senior first, supporting doctors, using data and technology to revolutionize healthcare and acting with a serving heart, as we grow and evolve, we may be unable to foster the innovation, curiosity, creativity, focus on execution, teamwork and the facilitation of critical knowledge transfer and knowledge sharing we believe we need to support our growth. Our anticipated headcount growth and our transition from a private company to a public company may result in a change to our corporate culture, which could harm our business. 
 
 The requirements of being a public company may strain our resources and distract our management, which could make it difficult to manage our business. 
 
 As a public company, we incur legal, accounting and other expenses that we did not previously incur. We are subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act and the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act ), the listing requirements of and other applicable securities rules and regulations. Compliance with these rules and regulations will continue to increase our legal and financial compliance costs, make some activities more difficult, time-consuming or costly and increase demand on our systems and resources. The Exchange Act requires that we file annual, quarterly and current reports with respect to our business, financial condition and results of operations. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires, among other things, that we establish and maintain effective internal controls and procedures for financial reporting, as discussed further below. Furthermore, the need to establish the corporate infrastructure demanded of a public company may divert our management s attention from implementing our growth strategy, which could prevent us from improving our business, financial condition and results of operations. We have made, and will continue to make, changes to our internal controls and procedures for financial reporting and accounting systems to meet our reporting obligations as a public company. However, the measures we take may not be sufficient to satisfy our obligations as a public company. In addition, these rules and regulations increase our legal and financial compliance costs and make some activities more time-consuming and costly. For example, these rules and regulations make it more difficult and more expensive for us to obtain director and officer liability insurance, and we may be required to incur substantial costs to maintain the same or similar coverage. These additional obligations could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 In addition, changing laws, regulations and standards relating to corporate governance and public disclosure are creating uncertainty for public companies, increasing legal and financial compliance costs and making some activities more time consuming. These laws, regulations and standards are subject to varying interpretations, in many cases due to their lack of 
 63 

specificity and, as a result, their application in practice may evolve over time as new guidance is provided by regulatory and governing bodies. This could result in continuing uncertainty regarding compliance matters and higher costs necessitated by ongoing revisions to disclosure and governance practices. We have invested, and will continue to invest, resources to comply with evolving laws, regulations and standards, and this investment may result in increased general and administrative expenses and a diversion of our management s time and attention from revenue-generating activities to compliance activities. If our efforts to comply with new laws, regulations and standards differ from the activities intended by regulatory or governing bodies due to ambiguities related to their application and practice, regulatory authorities may initiate legal proceedings against us and there could be a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 As a result of becoming a public company, we are obligated to develop and maintain proper and effective internal control over financial reporting in order to comply with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. We are continuing to develop and refine our disclosure controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we will file with the SEC is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms and that information required to be disclosed in reports under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our principal executive and financial officers. We are also continuing to improve our internal control over financial reporting, which includes hiring additional accounting and financial personnel to implement such processes and controls. In order to maintain and improve the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting, we have expended, and anticipate that we will continue to expend, significant resources, including accounting-related costs and significant management oversight. These internal controls may not be determined to be effective, which may adversely affect investor confidence in us and, as a result, the value of our common stock. 
 
 We are required by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act to furnish a report by management on, among other things, the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting commencing with this annual report on Form 10-K. If during the evaluation and testing process we identify one or more material weaknesses or significant deficiencies in our internal control over financial reporting, our management may be unable to assert that our internal control over financial reporting is effective. In addition, if we fail to achieve and maintain the adequacy of our internal controls, as such standards are modified, supplemented or amended from time to time, we may not be able to ensure that we can conclude on an ongoing basis that we have effective internal controls over financial reporting in accordance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. 
 
 Additionally, commencing with this annual report on Form 10-K, our independent registered public accounting firm is required to formally attest to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. Even if our management concludes that our internal control over financial reporting is effective, our independent registered public accounting firm may issue a report that is qualified if it is not satisfied with our controls or the level at which our controls are documented, designed, operated or reviewed. 
 
 If we are not able to implement the requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act in a timely manner or with adequate compliance, our independent registered public accounting firm may issue an adverse opinion due to ineffective internal controls over financial reporting, and we may be subject to sanctions or investigation by regulatory authorities, such as the SEC. As a result, there could be a negative reaction in the financial markets due to a loss of confidence in the reliability of our financial statements. In addition, we may be required to incur costs in improving our internal control system and the hiring of additional personnel. Any such action could negatively affect our results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 Our business could be negatively impacted by environmental, social and corporate governance matters or our reporting of such matters. 
 
 There is an increasing focus from certain investors, employees, partners, and other stakeholders concerning ESG matters. We may be, or be perceived to be, not acting responsibly in connection with these matters, which could negatively impact us. Moreover, the SEC has recently proposed, and may continue to propose, certain mandated ESG reporting requirements, such as the SEC s proposed rules designed to enhance and standardize climate-related disclosures, which, if finally approved, would significantly increase our compliance and reporting costs and may also result in disclosures that certain investors or other stakeholders deem to negatively impact our reputation and/or that harm our stock price. We currently do not report our environmental emissions and absent a legal requirement to do so we currently do not plan to report our environmental emissions, and lack of reporting could result in certain investors declining to invest in our common stock. 
 
 Third parties may initiate legal proceedings alleging that we are infringing, misappropriating or otherwise violating their intellectual property rights, the outcome of which would be uncertain and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Our commercial success depends on our ability to develop and commercialize our products and services and use our internally developed technology without infringing the intellectual property or proprietary rights of third parties. Intellectual property disputes can be costly to defend and may cause our business, operating results and financial condition to suffer. As the market for healthcare in the United States expands and more patents are issued, the risk increases that there may be patents issued to third parties that relate to our technology of which we are not aware or that we must challenge in order to continue our operations as 
 64 

currently or in the future contemplated. Whether merited or not, we may face allegations that we, our partners or parties indemnified by us have infringed, misappropriated or otherwise violated the patents, trademarks, copyrights, trade secrets or other intellectual property rights of third parties. Such claims may be made by competitors seeking to obtain a competitive advantage or by other parties. Additionally, in recent years, individuals and groups have begun purchasing intellectual property assets for the purpose of making such claims and attempting to extract settlements from companies like ours. We may also face allegations that our employees have misappropriated the trade secrets or other intellectual property or proprietary rights of their former employers or other third parties. 
 
 It may be necessary for us to initiate litigation to defend ourselves in order to determine the scope, enforceability, validity or ownership of third-party intellectual property or proprietary rights, or to establish our respective rights. We may not be able to successfully settle or otherwise resolve such adversarial proceedings or litigation. If we are unable to successfully settle future claims on terms acceptable to us we may be required to engage in or to continue claims, regardless of whether such claims have merit, that can be time-consuming, divert management s attention and financial resources and be costly to evaluate and defend. Results of any such litigation are difficult to predict and may require us to stop commercializing or using our technology, obtain licenses, modify our services and technology while we develop non-infringing substitutes or incur substantial damages, settlement costs or face a temporary or permanent injunction prohibiting us from marketing or providing the affected products and services. If we require a third-party license, it may not be available on reasonable terms or at all, and we may have to pay substantial royalties and upfront or ongoing fees, or grant cross-licenses to our own intellectual property rights. Such licenses may also be non-exclusive, which could allow competitors and other parties to use the subject technology in competition with us. We may also have to redesign our services so they do not infringe, misappropriate or otherwise violate third-party intellectual property rights, which may not be possible or may require substantial monetary expenditures and time, during which our technology may not be available for commercialization or use. Even if we have an agreement to indemnify us against such costs, the indemnifying party may be unable to uphold its contractual obligations. If we cannot or do not obtain a third-party license to the infringed technology at all, license the technology on reasonable terms or obtain similar technology from another source, our revenue and earnings could be adversely impacted. 
 
 From time to time, we may be subject to legal proceedings and claims in the ordinary course of business with respect to intellectual property. Some third parties may be able to sustain the costs of complex litigation more effectively than we can because they have substantially greater resources. Even if resolved in our favor, litigation or other legal proceedings relating to intellectual property claims may cause us to incur significant expenses, and could distract our technical and management personnel from their normal responsibilities. In addition, there could be public announcements of the results of hearings, motions or other interim proceedings or developments, and if securities analysts or investors perceive these results to be negative, it could have a material adverse effect on the price of our common stock. Moreover, any uncertainties resulting from the initiation and continuation of any legal proceedings could have a material adverse effect on our ability to raise the funds necessary to continue our operations. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 It em 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 None. 
 It em 2. Properties. 
 
 Our corporate office is located in Orange, California at 1100 W. Town and Country Rd, Suite 1600, where we lease approximately 89,000 square feet of office space under a lease that terminates in July 2024. We subleased approximately 14,000 square feet of this space to a third party for a term ending in July 2024. We also have offices located in Cary and Raleigh, North Carolina, Las Vegas and Reno, Nevada, El Paso, Texas and Tucson, Arizona. We also have small clinics located in Los Angeles, Milpitas, Modesto and Stockton, California, and Raleigh, North Carolina. We believe that our properties are generally suitable to meet our needs for the foreseeable future. In addition, to the extent we require additional space in the future, we believe that it would be readily available on commercially reasonable terms. 
 Ite m 3. Legal Proceedings. 
 We are from time to time subject to, and are presently involved in, litigation and other legal proceedings. We believe that there are no pending lawsuits or claims that, individually or in the aggregate, may have a material effect on our business, financial condition or operating results. The results of any future claims or proceedings cannot be predicted with certainty, and regardless of the outcome, litigation can have an adverse impact on us because of defense and litigation costs, diversion of management resources, and other factors. 
 It em 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 Not applicable. 
 65 

PART II 
 It em 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 Market Information 
 
 Our common stock has been traded under the symbol ALHC on the Nasdaq Global Select Market since our initial public offering on March 26, 2021. Prior to that time, there was no public market for our common stock. As of February 23, 2023, there were approximately 68 holders of record of our common stock. 
 
 Dividend Policy 
 
 We currently intend to retain all available funds and any future earnings to fund the development and growth of our business and to potentially repay any indebtedness and, therefore, we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Additionally, because we are a holding company, our ability to pay dividends on our common stock may be limited by restrictions on the ability of our subsidiaries to pay dividends or make distributions to us. Any future determination to pay dividends will be at the discretion of our Board, subject to compliance with covenants in current and future agreements governing our and our subsidiaries indebtedness, and will depend on our results of operations, financial condition, capital requirements and other factors that our Board may deem relevant. Our outstanding term loan restricts our ability to pay dividends. See the discussion of our term loan in Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources . 
 
 Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 
 
 For information regarding securities authorized for issuance under our equity compensation plans, see Part III, Item 12, Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 
 Performance Graph 
 
 This performance graph below shall not be deemed soliciting material or to be filed with the SEC for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, or otherwise subject to the liabilities under that Section, and shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K or any other filing of Alignment Healthcare, Inc. under the Exchange Act or the Securities Act, whether made before or after the date hereof and irrespective of any general incorporation language in any such filing, except to the extent that we specifically incorporate this information by reference therein. 
 
 The graph set forth below compares the cumulative total stockholder return on our common stock between March 26, 2021 (the date our common stock commenced trading on the Nasdaq Global Select Market) and December 31, 2022, with the cumulative total return of (a) the Nasdaq Healthcare Index and (b) the S P 500, over the same period. This graph assumes the investment of 100 on March 26, 2021 in our common stock, the Nasdaq Healthcare Index, and the Nasdaq S P 500 and assumes the reinvestment of dividends, if any. The graph assumes our closing sales price on March 26, 2021 of 17.31 per share as the initial value of our common stock and not the initial offering price to the public of 18.00 per share. 
 
 The comparisons shown in the graph below are based upon historical data. We caution that the stock price performance shown in the graph below is not necessarily indicative of, nor is it intended to forecast, the potential future performance of our common stock. 
 
 66 

COMPARISON OF CUMULATIVE TOTAL RETURN 
 Among Alignment Healthcare, Inc., the NASDAQ Healthcare Index and the S P 500 

3/26/2021 

6/30/2021 

9/30/2021 

12/31/2021 
 
 3/31/2022 

6/30/2022 

9/30/2022 

12/31/2022 

Alignment Healthcare, Inc. (ALHC) 
 
 100.00 

135.01 

92.32 

81.22 

79.87 

81.15 

84.21 

83.64 

Nasdaq Healthcare Index 
 
 100.00 

109.16 

105.84 

98.09 

86.57 

72.42 

71.59 

80.10 

S P 500 
 
 100.00 

108.52 

109.15 

121.18 

95.40 

80.04 

76.13 

81.87 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 
 
 None. 
 
 Use of Proceeds from Public Offering of Common Stock 
 
 On March 25, 2021, our Registration Statement on Form S-1 (SEC File No. 333-253824) for the initial public offering of 27,200,000 shares of common stock was declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission. Our common stock began trading on March 26, 2021 on Nasdaq under the ticker symbol ALHC. The IPO closed on March 30, 2021, with us selling 21,700,000 shares of common stock and certain selling stockholders selling 5,500,000 shares of common stock, in each case at a price to the public of 18.00 per share. On April 6, 2021, pursuant to a partial exercise of the underwriters over-allotment option, certain selling stockholders sold an additional 3,314,216 shares of common stock at the IPO price. In the aggregate, the IPO generated approximately 361.6 million in net proceeds for the Company, which amount is net of approximately 24.4 million in underwriters discounts and commissions and offering costs of approximately 4.6 million. The IPO commenced on March 25, 2021 and terminated upon the partial exercise of the underwriters over-allotment options as described above. The representatives of the several underwriters of the IPO were Goldman Sachs Co. LLC and Morgan Stanley Co. LLC. 
 
 There has been no material change in the use of proceeds described in the final IPO prospectus filed with the SEC on March 29, 2021. We may use a portion of our net proceeds to acquire or invest in complementary businesses, products, services or technologies. 
 
 Purchase of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 
 
 None. 
 It em 6. [ Reserved] 
 
 67 

It em 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes, which appear elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. This discussion contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including those discussed below and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. See Part I. Item 1A. Risk Factors and Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements. For discussion of 2020 items and year-over-year comparisons between 2021 and 2020 that are not included in this Form 10-K, refer to Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations found in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 3, 2022. 
 Overview 
 Alignment is a next generation, consumer-centric platform designed to revolutionize the healthcare experience for seniors. We deliver this experience through our Medicare Advantage plans, which are customized to meet the needs of a diverse array of seniors. Our innovative model of consumer-centric healthcare is purpose-built to provide seniors with care as it should be: high quality, low cost and accompanied by a vastly improved consumer experience. We combine a proprietary technology platform and a high-touch clinical model that enhances our members lifestyles and health outcomes while simultaneously controlling costs, which allows us to reinvest savings back into our platform and products to directly benefit the senior consumer. We have grown Health Plan Membership, which we define as members enrolled in our health maintenance organization HMO and preferred provider organization PPO contracts (the Alignment Health Plans ), from approximately 13,000 at inception to over 98,000 as of December 31, 2022, representing a 29 compound annual growth rate across 52 markets and 6 states. We had approximately 108,300 Health Plan Members across these markets as of January 1, 2023. Our ultimate goal is to bring this differentiated, advocacy-driven healthcare experience to millions of senior consumers in the United States and to become the most trusted senior healthcare brand in the country. 
 Our model is based on a flywheel concept, referred to as our virtuous cycle, which is designed to delight our senior consumers. We start by listening to and engaging with our seniors in order to provide a superior experience in both their healthcare and daily living needs. Through our proprietary technology platform, Alignment's Virtual Application AVA ), we utilize data and predictive algorithms that are specifically designed to ensure personalized care is delivered to each member. When our information-enabled care model is combined with our member engagement, we are able to improve healthcare outcomes by, for example, reducing unnecessary hospital admissions, which in turn lowers overall costs. Our ability to manage healthcare expenditures while maintaining quality and member satisfaction is a distinct and sustainable competitive advantage. Our lower total healthcare expenditures allow us to reinvest our savings into richer coverage and benefits, which propels our growth in revenue and membership due to the enhanced consumer value proposition. As we grow, we continue to listen to and incorporate member feedback, and we are able to further enhance benefits and produce strong clinical outcomes. Our virtuous cycle, based on the principle of doing well by doing good, is highly repeatable and a core tenet of our ability to continue to expand in existing and new markets in the future. 
 It is this virtuous cycle, underpinned by continuous expansion and improvement in our technology platform, that has enabled us to achieve revenues of 1,434.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 1,167.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, representing a revenue compound annual growth rate of 35 from our founding in 2013 through the fourth quarter of 2022. 
 Medicare Advantage Background 
 Today, seniors are confronted with a healthcare landscape that is fragmented across disparate point solutions, tools and vendors, without an accessible, coordinated approach to comprehensive care delivery. Under the traditional Medicare fee-for-service FFS model, seniors receive access to hospital insurance benefits Part A and outpatient services Part B directly from CMS. Original Medicare (Part A and B) does not include prescription drug coverage Part D ), and most seniors enrolled in original Medicare opt to obtain Part D and other protection for gaps in their coverage by purchasing costly Medicare supplement insurance plans. In contrast, Medicare Advantage plans are direct-to-consumer and provide a single point of care delivery for Part A, Part B and often Part D coverage. Medicare Advantage penetration of the Medicare market is rapidly increasing given the enhanced benefits and coverage that Medicare Advantage plans offer relative to traditional Medicare FFS. In 2022, approximately 48 of the Medicare eligible population, or approximately 28 million seniors, were enrolled in a Medicare Advantage plan. Industry projections have forecasted a continued increase in the Medicare Advantage penetration rate from approximately 48 to approximately 61 by 2031. 
 68 

Medicare Advantage allows one entity to influence the entirety of a senior s healthcare through a singular, direct-to-consumer product. We contract with CMS under the Medicare Advantage program to provide health insurance coverage to Medicare eligible persons under HMO and PPO plans in exchange for a payment per member per month PMPM ). The PMPM payment varies based on geography, CMS Star ratings and certain population-specific risk factors. Under these value-based contracts, we assume the economic risk of funding our members healthcare, supplemental benefits and related administration costs. By transferring the economic risk to managed care companies like Alignment, CMS has enabled us to focus on proactive, cross-disciplinary care targeted at improving health outcomes and lowering unnecessary healthcare expenditures. 
 The Medicare Advantage regulatory framework is designed to reward plans that achieve the triple aim of high-quality care, low costs and better experience. CMS payments to Medicare Advantage plans are allocated in each county or region based on a bidding system. Each plan submits a bid based on its estimated costs per enrollee for services covered under Medicare Parts A and B. Plans that have a low enough cost structure to bid under the benchmark are entitled to rebates, which enable those plans to offer enhanced supplemental benefits and medical coverage to their members, which in turn boosts membership growth and therefore revenue. CMS further measures Medicare Advantage beneficiaries clinical outcomes and experience with their health plans and the healthcare system through a Five Star Quality Rating System. Medicare Advantage plans are eligible to receive additional economic incentives based on their Star rating. Due to the competitive nature of CMS s bidding system, only those plans that are able to provide low cost and high-quality outcomes will be able to offer enhanced benefit options, which is critical to achieving sustainable membership and growth on a long-term basis. 
 Under the Medicare Advantage system, our members typically enroll with us for a one-year period that can be renewed on an annual basis, resulting in revenue that is principally based on a subscription-like PMPM recurring revenue model. This model provides us with significant visibility into our short-term financial performance, particularly given that the substantial majority of our members continue to choose Alignment after their initial selection year. Further, our HMO and PPO plans covered under Medicare Advantage contracts with CMS are generally renewed for a calendar year term, unless CMS notifies us of its decision not to renew by May 1 of the year in which the contract would end. When carefully managed, this annual renewal process provides a measure of stability and predictability to our short-term revenue streams, allowing us to focus on improving health quality outcomes and lowering healthcare expenditures for our population through enhanced member care on a long-term basis. 
 Factors Affecting Our Performance 
 
 Our proprietary technology platform, AVA, is a key element of our business with capabilities that we expect to impact our future performance. AVA enables us to personalize and manage our member relationships, care quality and experience, and to coordinate and manage risk with our provider partners. AVA s unified platform, analytical tools and data across the healthcare ecosystem enable us to produce consistent outcomes, unit economics and support new member growth. Additionally, our historical financial performance has been, and we expect our financial performance in the future will be, driven by our ability to: 
 Capitalize on Our Existing Market Growth Opportunity: Our ability to attract and retain members to grow in our existing markets depends on our ability to offer a superior value proposition. We have proven that we can compete against, and take market share from, large established players in highly competitive markets. According to CMS data, we were one of the top three Medicare Advantage Organizations in terms of HMO net members growth in our California counties between 2016 and 2023. There are approximately 4.4 million Medicare-eligible individuals enrolled in Medicare Advantage plans in our existing 52 counties, of which our approximately 108,300 Health Plan Members represents only 2 market share. We believe that there are still significant opportunities for future growth even in our most mature markets where we have a 10-20 market share. Additionally, we are evaluating other opportunities to leverage our historical investments in our technology platform and our comprehensive clinical model across our existing and potentially new geographies. For example, in April 2021, we entered into CMS Innovation Center s Direct Contracting program, which allows us to partner directly with physicians to help manage their Medicare FFS patient populations and participate in the upside and downside risk associated with managing the health of such patients. CMS has announced it is replacing the DCE program with the ACO Realizing Equity, Access, and Community Health Model or ACO REACH model, which became effective January 1, 2023. As of January 1, 2023, we had approximately 7,900 ACO REACH seniors in our arrangement with our clinician partners. 

Drive Growth and Consistent Outcomes Through New Market Expansion: We enter new markets with the goal of building brand awareness across our key stakeholders to achieve meaningful market share over time. We intend to focus on markets with significant senior populations where we expect to be able to replicate our model most effectively. Our existing markets also feature a diverse array of membership profiles across ethnicities, income levels and acuity. In 2022 and 2023, we expanded into 16 and 14 new markets, respectively, across our four existing states and two new states, Florida and Texas. 

Provide Superior Service, Care and Consumer Satisfaction: We are highly focused on providing superior service and care to our members and on maintaining high levels of consumer satisfaction, which are key to our financial performance and growth. The CMS Five Star Quality Rating System provides economic incentives to Medicare Advantage plans that achieve higher Star ratings by (i) meeting certain care criteria (such as completing particular 

69 

preventative screening procedures or ensuring proper follow-up care is provided for specific conditions or episodes) and (ii) receiving high member satisfaction ratings. These incentives impact financial performance in the year following the CMS Rating Year (for example, CMS s announcement of the 2023 Ratings occurred in the second half of 2022 and will impact our financial performance in 2024). In aggregate, more than 90 of our health plan members are enrolled in plans rated 4 stars and above, meaning the vast majority of members consistently receive a high-quality care experience, as defined under CMS star measurement criteria. 

Effectively Manage the Quality of Care to Improve Member Outcomes: Our care delivery model is based on a clinical continuum through which we have created a highly personalized experience that is unique to each member depending on their personal health and circumstances. Utilizing data and predictive analytics generated by AVA, our clinical continuum separates seniors into four categories in order to provide optimized care for every stage of a senior s life: healthy, healthy utilizer, pre-chronic and chronic. We partner with our broader network of community providers to service members in our non-chronic categories, and we have developed a Care Anywhere program implemented by our internal clinical teams to care for our higher risk and/or chronically ill members. By investing in our members care proactively, our model has consistently reduced unnecessary and costly care while improving the quality of our members lifestyle and healthcare experience. By delivering superior care and preventing avoidable utilization of the healthcare system, we are able to reduce our claims expenditures in some of our largest medical expense categories, which translates to superior medical benefits ratio MBR financial performance and ultimately the ability to offer richer products in the market. 

Achieve Superior Unit Economics: As our senior population ages, their healthcare needs become more frequent and complex. To combat the healthcare cost increases that typically result, we proactively look to (i) connect with our population early in their enrollment with Alignment to assess their care needs, (ii) develop care plans and engage those members with more chronic, complex health challenges in our clinical model, and (iii) continue to monitor and evaluate our healthier members in a preventative fashion over time. Given the Medicare Advantage payment mechanism and the retention of the vast majority of our members who continue to choose Alignment after their initial selection year, we are able to focus our efforts on driving favorable long-term health outcomes for our entire population. As a result, our clinical model efforts have demonstrated the ability to lower the MBRs of our returning members. We believe this is evidence of our ability to manage the financial risk of our members as they age, and that these favorable underlying unit economic trends translate directly to our ability to continue to deliver a richer product to the marketplace. With this dynamic in mind, our consolidated MBR may be impacted year-to-year based on our pace of new member growth and mix of members by cohort. However, we believe our ability to sustain MBR performance improvement over time positions us well to invest in new member growth to drive long-term financial performance. 

Invest in our Platform and Growth: We plan to continue to invest in our business in order to further develop our AVA platform, pursue new expansion opportunities and create innovative product offerings. In addition, in order to maintain a differentiated value proposition for our members, we continue to invest in innovative product offerings and supplementary benefits to meet the evolving needs of the senior consumer. We anticipate further investments in our business as we expand into new markets and pursue strategic acquisitions, which we expect will primarily be focused on healthcare delivery groups in key geographies, standalone and provider-sponsored Medicare Advantage plans and other complementary risk bearing assets. 

Navigate Seasonality to our Business: Our operational and financial results will experience some variability depending upon the time of year in which they are measured. We experience the largest portion of member growth during the first quarter, when plan enrollment selections made during the annual enrollment period AEP from October 15th through December 7th of the prior year take effect. As a result, we expect to see a majority of our member growth occur on January 1 of a given calendar year. As the year progresses, our per-member revenue often declines as new members join us, typically with less complete or accurate documentation (and therefore lower risk-adjustment scores), and senior mortality disproportionately impacts our higher-acuity (and therefore greater revenue) members. Medical costs will vary seasonally depending on a number of factors, but most significantly the weather. Certain illnesses, such as the influenza virus, are far more prevalent during colder months of the year, which will result in an increase in medical expenses during these time periods. We therefore expect to see higher levels of per-member medical costs in the first and fourth quarters. The design of our prescription drug coverage (Medicare Part D) results in coverage that varies as a member s cumulative out-of-pocket costs pass through successive stages of a member s plan period, which begins annually on January 1 for renewals. These plan designs generally result in us sharing a greater portion of the responsibility for total prescription drug costs in the early stages of the year and less in the latter stages, which typically results in a higher MBR on our Part D program in the first half of the year relative to the second half of the year. In addition, we expect our corporate, general and administrative expenses to increase in absolute dollars for the foreseeable future to support our growth and because of additional costs of being a public company. Due to the timing of many of these investments, including our primary sales and marketing season, we typically incur a greater level of investment in the second half of the year relative to the first half of the year. 

70 

Key Business Metrics 
 In addition to our financial information in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America U.S. GAAP ), we review a number of operating and financial metrics, including the following key metrics, to evaluate our business, measure our performance, identify trends affecting our business, formulate business plans and make strategic decisions. 

Year Ended December 31, 

(dollars in '000's, except percentages) 
 
 2022 

2021 

Change 

Health plan membership (at period end) 

98,400 

86,100 

14.3 

Medical benefits ratio 

86.5 

87.6 

-1.1 

Revenues 

1,434,159 

1,167,773 

22.8 

Loss from Operations 

(128,639) 

(178,072) 
 
 NM (2) 

Net loss 

(149,639) 

(195,286) 
 
 NM (2) 

Adjusted EBITDA (1) 

(26,715) 

(33,116) 
 
 NM (2) 

Adjusted gross profit (1) 

193,621 

144,370 

34.1 

(1) See Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted Gross Profit below for reconciliation to the most directly comparable financial measure calculated in accordance with GAAP and related disclosures. 
 (2) Not meaningful 
 Health Plan Membership 
 We define Health Plan Membership as the number of members enrolled in the Alignment Health Plans as of the end of a reporting period. We believe this is an important metric to assess growth of our underlying business, which is indicative of our ability to consistently offer a superior value proposition to seniors. This metric excludes third party payor members with respect to which we are at-risk for managing their healthcare expenditures, which represented 500 members and 600 members as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. It also excludes the approximately 5,000 traditional Medicare seniors for which we are at-risk for managing their healthcare expenditures through our contracts with CMS under the DCE program as of December 31, 2022. 
 Adjusted Gross Profit and Medical Benefits Ratio, or MBR 
 Adjusted gross profit is a non-GAAP financial measure that we define as loss from operations before depreciation and amortization, clinical equity-based compensation expense, and selling, general, and administrative expenses. Adjusted gross profit is a key measure used by our management and Board to understand and evaluate our operating performance and trends before the impact of our consolidated selling, general and administrative expenses. 
 
 Adjusted gross profit should not be considered in isolation of, or as an alternative to, measures prepared in accordance with GAAP. There are a number of limitations related to the use of adjusted gross profit in lieu of loss from operations, which is the most directly comparable financial measure calculated in accordance with GAAP. 
 Our use of the term adjusted gross profit may vary from the use of similar terms by other companies in our industry and accordingly may not be comparable to similarly titled measures used by other companies. 
 Adjusted gross profit is reconciled as follows: 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

(dollars in thousands) 

Loss from operations 

(128,639) 

(178,072) 

Add back: 

Equity-based compensation (medical expenses) 

9,128 

15,418 

Depreciation (medical expenses) 

213 

220 

Depreciation and amortization 

17,273 

15,813 

Selling, general, and administrative expenses 

295,646 

290,991 

Total add back 

322,260 

322,442 

Adjusted gross profit 

193,621 

144,370 

Adjusted gross profit 

13.5 

12.4 

71 

We calculate our MBR by dividing total medical expenses, excluding depreciation and equity-based compensation, by total revenues in a given period. We believe our MBR is an indicator of our gross profit for our Medicare Advantage plans and demonstrates the ability of our clinical model to produce superior outcomes by identifying and providing targeted care to our high-risk members resulting in improved member health and reduced total population medical expenses. We expect that this metric may fluctuate over time due to a variety of factors, including our pace of new member growth given that new members typically join Alignment with higher MBRs, while our model has demonstrated an ability to improve MBR for a given cohort over time. 
 
 When we determine, on an annual basis, whether we have satisfied the CMS minimum Medical Loss Ratio of 85 , adjustments are made to the MBR calculation to include certain additional expenses related to improving the quality of care provided, and to exclude certain taxes and fees, in each case as permitted or required by CMS and applicable regulatory requirements. 
 Adjusted EBITDA 
 Adjusted EBITDA is a non-GAAP financial measure that we define as net loss before interest expense, income taxes, depreciation and amortization expense, reorganization and transaction-related expenses, equity-based compensation expense, loss on sublease and loss on extinguishment of debt. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we have revised our definition of Adjusted EBITDA to exclude loss on sublease and loss on extinguishment of debt, which changes had no impact on adjusted EBITDA in the prior year period. Adjusted EBITDA is a key measure used by our management and our Board to understand and evaluate our operating performance and trends, to prepare and approve our annual budget and to develop short and long-term operating plans. In particular, we believe that the exclusion of the amounts eliminated in calculating adjusted EBITDA provides useful measures for period-to-period comparisons of our business. Given our intent to continue to invest in our platform and the scalability of our business in the short to medium-term, we believe adjusted EBITDA over the long term will be an important indicator of value creation. 
 Adjusted EBITDA should not be considered in isolation of, or as an alternative to, measures prepared in accordance with GAAP. There are a number of limitations related to the use of adjusted EBITDA in lieu of net loss, which is the most directly comparable financial measure calculated in accordance with GAAP. 
 Our use of the term adjusted EBITDA may vary from the use of similar terms by other companies in our industry and accordingly may not be comparable to similarly titled measures used by other companies. 
 Adjusted EBITDA is reconciled as follows: 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

(dollars in thousands) 

Net loss 

(149,639) 

(195,286) 

Less: Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interest 

92 

Add back: 

Interest expense 

18,289 

17,443 

Depreciation and amortization 

17,486 

16,033 

Income taxes 

339 

- 

EBITDA 

(113,433) 

(161,810) 

Equity-based compensation (1) 

81,718 

121,999 

Reorganization and transaction-related expenses (2) 

579 

4,585 

Acquisition expenses (3) 

1,614 

2,110 

Loss on sublease and disposal of assets (4) 

611 

Loss on extinguishment of debt 

2,196 

Adjusted EBITDA 

(26,715) 

(33,116) 

(1) 2022 represents equity-based compensation related to grants made in the current year, as well as equity-based compensation related to the timing of the IPO, which includes previously issued stock appreciation rights SARs liability awards, modifications related to transaction vesting units, and grants made in conjunction with the IPO. 2021 represents equity-based compensation related to the timing of the IPO as previously discussed. Equity-based compensation expense for the year ended December 31, 2021 includes 11.4 million related to the cash settlement of SARs. 
 
 (2) Represents legal, professional, accounting and other advisory fees related to the Reorganization, IPO, and secondary offerings that are considered non-recurring and non-capitalizable. 
 
 (3) Represents acquisition-related fees, such as legal and advisory fees, that are non-capitalizable. 
 
 (4) Represents loss related to right of use ROU assets that were subleased in the second quarter of 2022 and loss related to disposal of assets. 
 72 

Results of Operations 
 We operate and manage our business as a single reporting and operating segment, which is to provide healthcare services to our seniors. The components of our results of operations are as follows: 
 Revenues 
 Our revenue is comprised of earned premiums and other revenue. We receive and record premium revenue on a monthly basis from the federal government based on our contract with CMS. In accordance with this arrangement, we assume the responsibility for the outcomes and the economic risk of funding our members healthcare, supplemental benefits and related administration costs. We recognize premium revenue in the month that members are entitled to receive healthcare services, and premiums collected in advance are deferred. The monthly premium that we receive under our contract with CMS includes a PMPM which is adjusted based on certain risk factors derived from medical diagnoses for our members. The adjustments are estimated by projecting the ultimate annual premium and are recognized ratably during the year, with adjustments in each period to the amount of revenue recognized to reflect changes in the estimated ultimate premium. Premiums are also recorded net of estimated uncollectible amounts and retroactive membership adjustments. 
 Our recognized premium revenue for the Alignment Health Plans is subject to a minimum annual medical loss ratio MLR of 85 . The MLR represents medical costs as a percentage of premium revenue. The Code of Federal Regulations defines what specifically constitutes medical expenses and premium revenue for the MLR test, and if the minimum MLR is not met, we are required to remit a portion of the premiums back to the federal government. The amount remitted, if any, is recognized as an adjustment to premium revenues in the consolidated statement of operations. The amounts payable under this provision were immaterial at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 
 The premiums we receive from CMS for our members are based on the annual bid that we submit to CMS. These payments represent revenues for providing healthcare coverage, including Medicare Part D benefits. Under the Medicare Part D program, members receive standard drug benefits. We may also provide enhanced benefits at our own expense. We recognize revenue for providing this insurance coverage in the month that members are entitled to receive healthcare services. Our CMS payment related to Medicare Part D is subject to risk sharing through the Medicare Part D risk corridor provisions. See Critical Accounting Policies Revenue below . 
 Our capitation revenue consists primarily of capitated fees for medical care services provided by us under arrangements with our third-party payors and from CMS related to our Direct Contracting Entity DCE ). Under those arrangements, we receive a PMPM payment for a defined member population, and we are responsible to provide health care services to the member population over the contract period. We are solely responsible for the cost of health care services related to the member population and in some cases, providing supplemental benefits provided by us to the members. We act as a principal in arranging for and controlling the services provided by our provider network and we are at risk for arranging and providing health care services. Capitation revenue is recognized in the month that members are entitled to receive health care services and capitation revenue collected in advance is deferred. We report this capitation revenue as part of earned premiums. CMS has announced it is replacing the DCE program with the ACO Realizing Equity, Access, and Community Health Model or ACO REACH model, which became effective January 1, 2023. 
 Expenses 
 Medical Expenses. Medical expenses include claim payments, capitation payments, pharmacy costs net of rebates, allocations of certain centralized expenses, supplemental benefits, internal care delivery expenses and various other costs incurred to provide health insurance coverage to members, as well as estimates of future payments to hospitals and others for medical care previously provided to our members. 
 We have contracts with a network of hospitals, physicians, and other providers and compensate those providers and ancillary organizations based on contractual arrangements or CMS Medicare compensation guidelines. We pay these contracting providers either through fee-for-service arrangements in which the provider is paid negotiated rates for specific services provided, or through capitation payments, which represent monthly contractual fees disbursed for each member regardless of medical services provided to the member. We are ultimately responsible for the entirety of the cost of healthcare services related to our member population, in addition to supplemental benefits that we provide to our seniors. 
 Capitation-related expenses are recorded on an accrual basis during the coverage period. Expenses related to fee-for-service contracts are recorded in the period in which the related services are dispensed. 
 Pharmacy costs represent payments for members prescription drug benefits, net of rebates from drug manufacturers. Receivables for such pharmacy rebates are included in accounts receivable in the consolidated balance sheet. 
 73 

Selling, General and Administrative Expenses. Selling, general and administrative expenses consist of (i) personnel expenses including salaries, bonuses, equity-based compensation expense and benefits for non-clinical employees; (ii) all corporate technology, occupancy costs and allocated overhead costs; (iii) professional and outside services, including external vendors and professional services; (iv) costs associated with administering our contracts with CMS, including claims adjudication, member and concierge services, provider engagement, and other health plan functions; and (v) central and community-based advertising costs to generate greater awareness, engagement and retention among our current and prospective members, as well as the infrastructure required to support all of our marketing efforts and ongoing commission payments. These expenses also include certain growth expenditures, including business development and various new market expansion activities. Our investments in our sales, marketing and other growth activities are an important component of our selling, general and administrative expenses in a typical year given our desire to continue to grow on an accelerated trajectory. We anticipate continuing to invest heavily in our growth efforts in the near future, which we believe will be an important driver of long-term value creation. We expect selling, general and administrative expenses to increase in absolute dollars as we incur costs associated with being a public company and growing our business. 
 Depreciation and Amortization . Depreciation and amortization expenses are primarily attributable to our capital investment and consist of fixed asset depreciation, amortization of intangibles considered to have definite lives and amortization of capitalized internal-use software costs. 
 Other Expense 
 Interest Expense. Interest expense consists primarily of interest payments on our outstanding borrowings under our Term Loan (as defined below). See Liquidity and Capital Resources Term Loan . 
 Other (Income) Expenses. Other (income) expenses consist primarily of gains or losses on the disposition of assets. 
 The following table sets forth our consolidated statements of operations data for the periods indicated: 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

(dollars in thousands) 

Revenues: 

Earned premiums 

1,431,550 

1,167,085 

Other 

2,609 

688 

Total revenues 

1,434,159 

1,167,773 

Expenses: 

Medical expenses 

1,249,879 

1,039,041 

Selling, general, and administrative expenses 

295,646 

290,991 

Depreciation and amortization 

17,273 

15,813 

Total expenses 

1,562,798 

1,345,845 

Loss from operations 

(128,639) 

(178,072) 

Other expenses: 

Interest expense 

18,289 

17,443 

Other expenses (income) 

176 

(229) 

Loss on extinguishment of debt 

2,196 

Total other expenses 

20,661 

17,214 

Loss before income taxes 

(149,300) 

(195,286) 

Provision for income taxes 

339 

Net loss 

(149,639) 

(195,286) 

Less: Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interest 

92 

Net loss attributable to Alignment Healthcare, Inc. 

(149,547) 

(195,286) 

The following table sets forth our consolidated statements of operations data expressed as a percentage of total revenues for the periods indicated: 
 
 74 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

of revenue) 

Revenues: 

Earned premiums 

100 

100 

Other 

Total revenues 

100 

100 

Expenses: 

Medical expenses 

87 

89 

Selling, general and administrative expenses 

21 

25 

Depreciation and amortization 

1 

1 

Total expenses 

109 

115 

Loss from operations 

(9) 

(15) 

Other expenses: 

Interest expense 

1 

2 

Other expenses (income) 

Loss on extinguishment of debt 

Total other expenses 

1 

2 

Loss before income taxes 

(10) 

(17) 

Provision for income taxes 

Net loss 

(10) 

(17) 

Less: Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interest 

Net loss attributable to Alignment Healthcare, Inc. 

(10) 

(17) 

Revenues 

Year Ended December 31, 

Change 

2022 

2021 

(dollars in thousands) 

Revenues: 

Earned premiums 

1,431,550 

1,167,085 

264,465 

22.7 

Other 

2,609 

688 

1,921 

279.2 

Total revenues 

1,434,159 

1,167,773 

266,386 

22.8 

Revenues. Revenues were 1,434.2 million and 1,167.8 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, an increase of 266.4 million or 22.8 . The increase was driven by a combination of growth in our Health Plan Membership and higher revenue PMPM in 2022 as compared to 2021. Health Plan Membership increased 14.3 between December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. The increase in revenue PMPM is primarily attributable to an increase in the CMS benchmark rates. 
 
 Expenses 

Year Ended December 31, 

Change 

2022 

2021 

(dollars in thousands) 

Expenses: 

Medical expenses 

1,249,879 

1,039,041 

210,838 

20.3 

Selling, general and administrative expenses 

295,646 

290,991 

4,655 

1.6 

Depreciation and amortization 

17,273 

15,813 

1,460 

9.2 

Total expenses 

1,562,798 

1,345,845 

216,953 

16.1 

Medical Expenses. Medical expenses were 1,249.9 million and 1,039.0 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, an increase of 210.9 million, or 20.3 . The increase was driven primarily by the growth in Alignment Health Plan membership. Overall, medical expenses for the year December 31, 2022 grew at a lower rate than the total revenue growth rate compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily due to the impact of COVID-19 on utilization in 2021. For the three months ended March 31, 2021, we experienced an increase in inpatient admissions due to COVID-related hospitalizations. However, for the remainder of fiscal year 2021 and fiscal year 2022, we saw a decline in COVID-related inpatient utilization (compared to the first quarter of 2021) as vaccination rates improved across our senior population and the 
 75 

milder variants became dominant. The ultimate impact of COVID-19 to us and our financial condition is presently unknown and we continue to monitor the impact of COVID-19 on our claims reserve estimate. 
 Selling, General and Administrative Expenses. Selling, general and administrative expenses were 295.7 million and 291.0 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, an increase of 4.7 million, or 1.6 , due to headcount increases to support membership growth, recurring commission payments, ongoing expenditures in sales and marketing, investments in new market entries, and other general investments to support Alignment's long-term growth. This increase was offset by a decrease in equity-based compensation. Excluding equity-based compensation, for the year ended December 31, 2022, our selling, general and administrative expenses increased 21.0 from the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Depreciation and Amortization. Depreciation and amortization expense was 17.3 million and 15.8 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, an increase of 1.5 million, or 9.5 . The increase was primarily due to the amount of our capital expenditures and the associated depreciation relative to 2021. 
 Other Expenses 
 Interest expense. Interest expense was 18.3 million and 17.4 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, an increase of 0.9 million or 5.1 . The increase in interest expense was primarily due to a higher principal balance caused by the payment-in-kind interest under our previous CRG loan agreement (described below), as well as interest expense and amortization of deferred debt issuance costs related to the Oxford loan agreement (described below). 
 Other (income) expenses . Other (income) expenses were 0.2 million and (0.2) million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, an increase of 0.4 million. The increase in expense was primarily due to a loss recorded on ROU assets that were subleased. 
 Loss on extinguishment of debt. During the year ended December 31, 2022 we recorded a 2.2 million loss on extinguishment of debt due to the write-off of debt issuance costs related to our debt refinance discussed below. There was no such loss recorded in 2021. 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 General 
 To date, we have financed our operations principally through our IPO, private placements of our equity securities, revenues, and certain term loans (described below). As of December 31, 2022, we had 409.5 million in cash. 
 We operate as a holding company in a highly regulated industry. Alignment Healthcare, Inc., our parent company, is dependent upon dividends and administrative expense reimbursements from our subsidiaries, most of which are subject to regulatory restrictions. We maintain significant levels of aggregate excess statutory capital and surplus in our state-regulated operating subsidiaries. Cash at the parent company was 245.9 million at December 31, 2022. 
 We may incur operating losses in the future due to the investments we intend to continue to make in expanding our operations and sales and marketing, in further developing our technology and due to the general and administrative costs we expect to incur in connection with continuing to operate as a public company. As a result, we may require additional capital resources to execute strategic initiatives to grow our business. 
 We believe that our liquid assets will be sufficient to fund our operating and organic capital needs for at least the next 12 months. Our assessment of the period of time through which our financial resources will be adequate to support our operations is a forward-looking statement and involves risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could vary because of, and our future capital requirements will depend on, many factors, including our growth rate, the timing and extent of spending to expand our presence in existing markets, expand into new markets, increase our sales and marketing activities and develop our technology. Additionally, in the future we may enter into arrangements to acquire or invest in complementary businesses, services and technologies, including intellectual property rights, which may also substantially increase our capital needs. 
 We have based this estimate on assumptions that may prove to be wrong, and we could use our available capital resources sooner than we currently expect. We may be required to seek additional equity or debt financing. In the event that additional financing is required from outside sources, we may not be able to raise it on terms acceptable to us or at all. If we are unable to raise additional capital when desired, or if we cannot expand our operations or otherwise capitalize on our business opportunities because we lack sufficient capital, our business, results of operations, and financial condition would be adversely affected. 
 Certain states in which we operate as a CMS-licensed Medicare Advantage company may require us to meet certain capital adequacy performance standards and tests. The National Association of Insurance Commissioners has adopted rules which, if implemented by the states, set minimum capitalization requirements for insurance companies, HMOs, and other entities bearing risk for healthcare coverage. The requirements take the form of risk-based capital RBC rules, which may vary from state to 
 76 

state. Certain states in which our health plans or risk bearing entities operate have adopted the RBC rules. Other states in which our health plans or risk bearing entities operate have chosen not to adopt the RBC rules, but instead have designed and implemented their own rules regarding capital adequacy. Our health plans or risk-bearing entities were in compliance with the minimum capital requirements for all periods presented. 
 CRG Term Loan 
 On August 21, 2018, we entered into a term loan agreement (the CRG Term Loan with CR Group CRG for 80.0 million, with an option to borrow up to an additional 20.0 million. In April 2019, we amended the CRG Term Loan to increase its borrowing capacity by 75.0 million and drew down 35.0 million in May 2019. The CRG Term Loan was subject to a commitment fee of 6.8 million and we incurred debt issuance costs of 3.6 million. The commitment fees were deferred as part of debt issuance costs and were amortized to interest expense over the term using the effective interest method. The debt issuance costs were amortized to interest expense over the term using the effective interest method. 
 The CRG Term Loan bore interest at a rate of 10.25 payable on a quarterly basis. We had the option to pay a portion of the interest in cash with the remaining portion of the interest added to the principal balance as a payment-in-kind. The payment-in-kind was also subject to a commitment fee of 5 . The cash and payment-in-kind interest rates were 7.75 and 2.50 , respectively, through April 2019, and then converted to 7.50 and 2.75 , respectively. In 2022 and 2021, we utilized our option to pay the quarterly interest payments in both cash and payment-in-kind. The amount was included in the long-term debt balance. In connection with the new credit facility with Oxford Finance, as noted below, we repaid all amounts outstanding under the term loan with CRG on September 2, 2022. 
 
 Oxford Term Loan 
 On September 2, 2022 (the Effective Date ), we, Alignment Healthcare USA, LLC, an indirect subsidiary of the Company (the Borrower ), and certain of our other subsidiaries (together with the Company and the Borrower, the Borrower Parties entered into a term loan agreement (the Oxford Loan Agreement with Oxford Finance LLC Oxford ), as administrative agent, collateral agent and a lender, and the other lenders from time to time party thereto (collectively, the Lenders ), pursuant to which the Lenders have agreed to lend the Borrower an aggregate principal amount of up to 250.0 million in a series of term loans (the Term Loans ). Pursuant to the Oxford Loan Agreement, the Borrower received an initial Term Loan of 165.0 million on the Effective Date (the Initial Term Loan and may borrow up to an additional 85.0 million of Term Loans at its option (such additional Term Loans, the Delayed Draw Term Loans ). Interest on the Term Loans is a variable rate equal to (i) the secured overnight financing rate administered by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York for a one-month tenor, subject to a floor of 1.00 , plus (ii) an applicable margin of 6.50 . All unpaid principal and accrued and unpaid interest with respect to each Term Loan is due and payable in full on September 1, 2027. The interest rate applied during the month ended September 30, 2022 through the month ended December 31, 2022 ranged from 9.02 to 10.63 . 
 The term loan was subject to a commitment fee of 1.7 million and an origination fee of 1.7 million. The Delayed Draw Term Loans are subject to a commitment fee of 0.9 million. We incurred additional debt issuance costs of 1.1 million related to attorney fees and other third-party costs. The commitment and origination fees are included within debt issuance costs and were deferred and will be amortized to interest expense over the debt term using the straight line method, which is materially consistent with the effective interest method. The debt issuance costs related to the term loan are presented in the consolidated balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying value of the term loan. The debt issuance costs related to the delayed draw term loan are presented in the consolidated balance sheet as other assets. 
 Substantially all of the proceeds from the Initial Term Loan were used to repay in full the 159.3 million aggregate principal amount, accrued interest (including payment in kind interest) and fees related to the CRG Term Loan, as well as certain fees and expenses payable to Oxford. 
 The Term Loans are guaranteed by certain of our wholly owned subsidiaries and collateralized by all unrestricted assets. 
 For certain prepayments of the Term Loans prior to the second anniversary of the Effective Date, the Borrower will be required to pay a prepayment fee ranging from 1.00 to 2.00 of the principal amount of the Term Loans being prepaid. 
 The Oxford Loan Agreement includes customary events of default, including, among others, payment defaults, breach of representations and warranties, covenant defaults, judgment defaults, insolvency and bankruptcy defaults, and change of control. The occurrence of an event of default could result in the acceleration of the obligations under the Loan Agreement, termination of the Term Loan commitments and the right to foreclose on the collateral securing the obligations. During the existence of an event of default, the outstanding Term Loans will accrue interest at a rate per annum equal to 2.00 plus the otherwise applicable interest rate. Additionally, in the event of any contemplated asset sale or series of asset sales yielding net proceeds in excess of 2,500, except those excluded per the Loan Agreement, we are required to prepay the aggregate outstanding principal balance of the Term Loans in an amount equal to the entire amount of the asset sale net proceeds, plus any accrued and unpaid interest. 
 
 77 

The Oxford Loan Agreement includes financial covenants that require the Borrower Parties to (i) maintain minimum liquidity, as defined in the Loan Agreement, of 23.0 million and (ii) satisfy a maximum permitted ratio of debt to trailing twelve-month revenue, as set forth in the Loan Agreement. As of December 31, 2022, we were in compliance with the financial covenants. 
 Cash Flows 
 The following table presents a summary of our consolidated cash flows from operating, investing and financing activities for the periods indicated. 

Year Ended December 31, 

(dollars in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

Net cash used in operating activities 

(45,427) 

(78,776) 

Net cash used in investing activities 

(28,217) 

(20,815) 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

16,593 

360,130 

Net change in cash 

(57,051) 

260,539 

Cash and restricted cash at beginning of period 

468,350 

207,811 

Cash and restricted cash at end of period 

411,299 

468,350 

Operating Activities 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash used in operating activities was 45.4 million, a decrease of 33.4 million compared to net cash used in operating activities of 78.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease is mainly attributable to the decrease in net loss for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, as well as an improvement in our working capital accounts. This decrease was offset by an increase in cash paid for payment-in-kind interest of 14.1 million due to the payoff of the CRG Term Loan. The decrease in net loss was mainly attributable to revenue growth exceeding the increase in medical expenses and selling, general and administrative expenses, as discussed above. 
 Investing Activities 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash used in investing activities was 28.2 million, an increase of 7.4 million compared to net cash used in investing activities of 20.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase primarily relates to incremental capital expenditures related to information technology and infrastructure projects, as well as an increase in cash paid for acquisitions. 
 Financing Activities 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash provided by financing activities was 16.6 million, a decrease of 343.5 million compared to net cash provided by financing activities of 360.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease primarily relates to proceeds from the IPO in the first quarter of 2021, partially offset by net cash received in connection with our refinancing of the CRG Term Loan with the Oxford Term Loans. 14.1 million of cash paid for the repayment of long-term debt relates to payment-in-kind interest and is included in operating activities. 
 Material cash requirements from known contractual and other obligations 
 Our principal commitments consist of repayments of long-term debt, operating leases and certain purchase obligations. The following table summarizes our contractual and other obligations as of December 31, 2022: 

Payments due by Period 

Total 

Less than 1 year 

1-3 years 

3-5 years 

More than 5 years 

(dollars in thousands) 
 
 (in thousands) 

Long term debt obligations (1) 

165,000 

1,650 

163,350 

Operating lease obligations 

7,629 

4,051 

3,285 

293 

Purchase obligations (2) 

12,216 

7,452 

4,764 

Other obligations 

271 

151 

120 

Total 

185,115 

11,653 

9,819 

163,643 

(1) Represents the estimated full cash repayment to Oxford Finance upon maturity of the Term Loan in September 2027. 
 
 (2) Includes fixed, minimum and estimated payments under our existing contractual obligations that are legally enforceable and binding for goods and services. These obligations include agreements that are cancelable with the payment of an early termination penalty and other funding commitments that require fixed or minimum levels of service to be purchased with a specific timing established. Purchase obligations exclude agreements that are cancelable without penalty. 
 
 78 

Not included in the table above are our medical expenses payable which are included within current liabilities in our financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 The discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based upon our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP and include the accounts of our wholly-owned subsidiaries and three variable interest entities VIEs in California and North Carolina that meet the consolidation requirements for accounting purposes. All intercompany transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. Noncontrolling interest is presented within the equity section of our consolidated balance sheets. 
 Certain accounting policies involve significant judgments and assumptions by management, which have a material impact on the carrying value of assets and liabilities and the recognition of income and expenses. Management considers these accounting policies to be critical accounting policies. The estimates and assumptions used by management are based on historical experience and other factors, which are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. The significant accounting policies which we believe are the most critical to aid in fully understanding and evaluating our reported financial results are described below. Refer to Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policie s to our audited consolidated financial statements for more detailed information regarding our critical accounting policies. 
 Revenue 
 Payments by CMS to health plans are determined through a competitive bidding process with CMS and are based on the cost of care in a local market and the average utilization of services by the member enrolled. These payments are subject to periodic adjustments under CMS s risk adjustment model, which compensates health plans based on the health severity and certain demographic factors of each individual member. Members diagnosed with certain conditions are paid at a higher monthly payment than members who are healthier. Under this risk adjustment model, CMS calculates the risk adjustment payment using diagnosis data from hospital inpatient, hospital outpatient and physician treatment settings. We and healthcare providers collect, capture, and submit the necessary and available diagnosis data to CMS within prescribed deadlines. Both premium and capitation revenue (including Medicare Part D) are subject to adjustments under the risk adjustment model. 
 Throughout the year, we estimate risk adjustment payments based upon the diagnosis data submitted and expected to be submitted to CMS. The risk adjustment payments are recorded as an adjustment to premium and capitation revenue. Our risk adjustment data is also subject to review by the government, including audit by regulators. 
 Receivables, including risk adjusted premium due from the government or through third-party payors, pharmacy rebates, and other receivables, are shown net of allowances for estimated uncollectible accounts and retroactive membership adjustments. 
 Medical Expenses Payable 
 Medical expenses payable includes estimates of our obligations for medical care services that have been rendered on behalf of our members and the members of third-party payors, but for which claims have either not yet been received or processed, loss adjustment expense reserve for the expected costs of settling these claims, and for liabilities related to physician, hospital and other medical cost disputes. 
 We develop estimates for medical expenses incurred but not yet paid IBNP which includes an estimate for claims incurred but not reported IBNR and a payable for adjudicated claims. IBNR is estimated using an actuarial process that is consistently applied and centrally controlled. Medical expenses payable also includes an estimate for the costs necessary to process unpaid claims at the end of each period. We estimate IBNR liability using actuarial methods that are commonly used by health insurance actuaries and meet Actuarial Standards of Practice. These actuarial methods consider factors, such as cost trends and completion factors that are assessed based on historical data for payment patterns, product mix, seasonality, utilization of health care services, and other relevant factors. 
 Completion Factors. A completion factor is an actuarial estimate, based upon historical experience and analysis of current trends, of the percentage of incurred claims during a given period adjudicated by us at the date of estimation. Completion factors are the most significant factors we use in developing our medical expenses payable estimates for periods prior to the most recent three months. Completion factors include judgments in relation to claim submissions such as the time from date of service to claim receipt, claim levels and processing cycles, as well as other factors. If actual claims submission rates from providers (which can be influenced by a number of factors, including provider mix and electronic versus manual submissions) or our claim processing patterns are different than estimated, our reserve estimates may be significantly impacted. 
 
 The following table illustrates the sensitivity of these factors and the estimated potential impact on our medical expenses payable estimates for those periods as of December 31, 2022: 
 
 79 

Completion Factors 
 
 Increase (Decrease) In Medical Expenses Payable 

(Decrease) Increase in Factors 

(in thousands) 

(3) 

11,859 

(2) 

7,906 

(1) 

3,953 

1 

(3,953) 

2 

(7,906) 

3 

(11,859) 

Medical Cost Per Member Per Month Trend Factors . Medical cost PMPM trend factors are significant factors we use in developing our medical expenses payable estimates for the most recent three months. Medical cost trend factors are developed through a comprehensive analysis of claims incurred in prior months, provider contracting and expected unit costs, benefit design and a review of a broad set of health care utilization indicators. These factors include but are not limited to pharmacy utilization trends and inpatient hospital authorization data. A large number of factors can cause the medical cost trend to vary from our estimates, including: our ability and practices to manage medical and pharmaceutical costs, changes in level and mix of services utilized; mix of benefits offered, including the impact of co-pays and deductibles; changes in medical practices; and catastrophes, epidemics and pandemics, such as COVID-19. 
 The following table illustrates the sensitivity of these factors and the estimated potential impact on our medical expenses payable estimates for the most recent two months as of December 31, 2022: 

Medical Cost PMPM Quarterly Trend 
 
 Increase (Decrease) In Medical Expenses Payable 

Increase (Decrease) in Factors 

(in thousands) 

3 

3,126 

2 

2,084 

1 

1,042 

(1) 

(1,042) 

(2) 

(2,084) 

(3) 

(3,126) 

Each period, we re-examine previously established IBNR estimates based on actual claim submissions and other changes in facts and circumstances. As the IBNR estimates recorded in prior periods develop, we adjust the amount of the estimates and include the changes in estimates in medical expenses in the period in which the change is identified. 
 Actuarial Standards of Practice generally require that the IBNP estimates be adequate to cover obligations under moderately adverse conditions. Moderately adverse conditions are situations in which the actual claims are expected to be higher than the otherwise estimated value of such claims at the time of estimate. 
 In many situations, the claims amount ultimately settled will be different than the estimate that satisfies the Actuarial Standards of Practice. We include in our IBNP an estimate for medical claims liability under moderately adverse conditions, which represents the risk of adverse deviation of the estimates in its actuarial method of reserving. 
 We believe that medical expenses payable is adequate to cover future claims payments required. However, such estimates are based on knowledge of current events and anticipated future events. Therefore, the actual liability could differ materially from the amounts provided. The following tables provide information about incurred and paid claims development as of December 31, 2022: 

Cumulative Incurred Claims, net of reinsurance for the Years Ended December 31, 

Claims Incurred Year 
 
 2020 

2021 

2022 

2020 

281,965 

276,074 

275,220 

2021 

327,085 

312,537 

2022 

400,939 

Total 

988,696 

80 

Cumulative Claims paid, net of reinsurance for the Years Ended December 31, 

Cumulative Number of Paid Claims 

Claims Incurred Year 
 
 2020 

2021 

2022 

2020 

207,130 

274,979 

274,826 

342,754 

2021 

251,629 

310,392 

276,897 

2022 

315,187 

325,776 

Total 

900,405 

Substantially all of the claims incurred but not paid balance as of December 31, 2022 relate to the current year. 
 There is no single or common claim frequency metric used in the health care industry. We believe a relevant metric for our health insurance business is the cumulative number of claims paid for each incurred year. Claims that did not result in a liability are not included in the frequency metric. 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 See Note 2 to our audited consolidated financial statements Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Recent Accounting Pronouncements Adopted for more information. 
 Ite m 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 Market risk represents the risk of loss that may impact our financial position due to adverse changes in financial market prices and rates. Our market risk exposure is primarily a result of exposure due to potential changes in inflation. We do not hold financial instruments for trading purposes. 
 Inflation Risk 
 Based on our analysis of the periods presented, we believe that inflation has not had a material effect on our operating results. Nonetheless, if our costs were to become subject to significant inflationary pressures, we may not be able to fully offset such higher costs through price increases. There can be no assurance that future inflation will not have an adverse impact on our operating results and financial condition. 
 81 

Ite m 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 
 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID No. 
 83 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 85 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 86 

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity (Deficit) for the Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 87 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 88 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 90 

82 

Report of Independent Reg istered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the stockholders and the Board of Directors of 
 Alignment Healthcare, Inc.: 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Alignment Healthcare, Inc. (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in stockholders equity (deficit), and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes listed in the accompanying Index (collectively, the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated February 28, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 Medical expenses payable Incurred but not paid claims - Refer to Notes 2 and 7 to the financial statements 
 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 
 Medical expenses payable includes estimates of obligations for medical care services that have been rendered on behalf of members and the members of the contracted third-party payors, but for which claims have either not yet been received or processed. These estimates are referred to as incurred but not yet paid (IBNP) claim liabilities of 88.8 million as of December 31, 2022, and includes an estimate for claims incurred but not reported (IBNR). The Company develops estimates for IBNR claim liability by using actuarial methods that requires management judgment in developing its estimates. These actuarial methods consider factors such as historical data for payment patterns, and assumptions of cost trends related to the medical cost per member per month which may be impacted by seasonality and utilization of health care services and completion factors that assume time from date of service to claim receipt. 
 
 We identified the IBNR claim liability as a critical audit matter because of the significant assumptions made by management in estimating the liability. This required complex auditor judgment, and an increased extent of effort, including the involvement of 
 83 

actuarial specialists in performing procedures to evaluate the reasonableness of management s methods, assumptions and judgments in developing the IBNR claim liability. 
 
 How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 Our audit procedures related to IBNR claim liability included the following, among others: 
 We tested the effectiveness of controls over the Company s actuarial process for estimating the IBNR claim liability. 

We tested the underlying claims and membership data and other information that served as the basis for the actuarial analysis, to determine the inputs to the actuarial estimate were complete and accurate. 

With the assistance of our actuarial specialists, we evaluated the reasonableness of the actuarial methods and assumptions used by management to estimate the IBNR claim liability by: 

o Performed an overlay of the historical claims data used in management s actuarial model to the data used in prior periods to determine whether there were material changes to the claims data tested in prior periods. 

o Performed a retrospective review comparing management s prior year estimate of IBNR claim liability to claims processed in 2022 with dates of service in 2021 or prior. 

o Developed an independent estimate of the IBNR claim liability and compared our estimate to management s estimate. Our independent estimate included development of per member per month claims cost trends and completion factors using management s data, and comparison of these assumptions to current and historical claims trends and current industry benchmarks. 

/s/ 

February 28, 2023 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2019. 
 
 84 

Alignment Healthcare, Inc. 
 Consolidated Balanc e Sheets 
 (amounts in thousands, except par value and share amounts) 

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

Assets 

Current Assets: 

Cash 

Accounts receivable (less allowance for credit losses of at December 31, 2022 and at December 31, 2021, respectively) 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Right of use asset, net 

Goodwill and intangible assets, net 

Other assets 

Total assets 

Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity 

Current Liabilities: 

Medical expenses payable 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Accrued compensation 

Total current liabilities 

Long-term debt, net of debt issuance costs 

Long-term portion of lease liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies (Note 14) 

Stockholders' Equity: 

Preferred stock, par value; and shares authorized as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively; shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 

Common stock, .001 par value; shares authorized as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021; and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

() 

() 

Total Alignment Healthcare, Inc. stockholders' equity 

Noncontrolling interest 

Total stockholders' equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 85 

Alignment Healthcare, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 (amounts in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Revenues: 

Earned premiums 

Other 

Total revenues 

Expenses: 

Medical expenses 

Selling, general, and administrative expenses 

Depreciation and amortization 

Total expenses 

Loss from operations 

() 

() 

() 

Other expenses: 

Interest expense 

Other expenses (income) 

() 

Loss on extinguishment of debt 

Total other expenses 

Loss before income taxes 

() 

() 

() 

Provision for income taxes 

Net loss 

() 

() 

() 

Less: Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interest 

Net loss attributable to Alignment Healthcare, Inc. 

() 

() 

() 

Total weighted-average common shares outstanding - basic and diluted 

Net loss per share attributable to Alignment Healthcare, Inc. - basic and diluted 

() 

() 

() 

(1) The weighted-average shares used in computing net loss per share, basic and diluted, for the year ended December 31, 2020, was retroactively adjusted as a result of the Reorganization. See Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements for additional details. 
 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 
 86 

Alignment Healthcare, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockh olders' Equity (Deficit) 
 (amounts in thousands, except par value and share amounts) 

Common Stock 

Shares 

Amount 

Additional Paid-In Capital 

Accumulated Deficit 

Noncontrolling interest 

Total 

Balance at December 31, 2019 (1) 

() 

() 

Net loss attributable to Alignment Healthcare, Inc. 

() 

() 

Issuance of common stock at per share, net of issuance costs of 

Equity-based compensation 

Equity repurchase 

() 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2020 (1) 

() 

Net loss attributable to Alignment Healthcare, Inc. 

() 

() 

Noncontrolling interest attributable to subsidiary 

Issuance of common stock upon initial public offering at per share, net of issuance costs of 

Issuance of common stock third-party business partners 

Issuance of common stock to stock appreciation rights holders 

Forfeitures 

() 

() 

() 

Equity-based compensation 

Equity repurchase 

() 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

() 

Net loss 

() 

() 

() 

Issuance of common stock upon vesting of restricted stock units 

Forfeitures 

() 

Equity-based compensation 

Noncontrolling interest attributable to subsidiary 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

() 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 
 87 

Alignment Healthcare, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statemen ts of Cash Flows 
 (amounts in thousands) 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Operating Activities: 

Net loss 

() 

() 

() 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash (used in) provided by operating activities: 

Provision for credit loss 

Loss on sublease 

Depreciation and amortization 

Amortization-debt issuance costs and investment discount 

Amortization of payment-in-kind interest 

Loss on disposal of property and equipment 

Equity-based compensation and common stock payments 

Non-cash lease expense 

Loss on extinguishment of debt 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

() 

() 

() 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

() 

() 

() 

Other assets 

() 

Medical expenses payable 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Accrued compensation 

() 

Lease liabilities 

() 

() 

Payment-in-kind interest 

() 

Noncurrent liabilities 

() 

Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities 

() 

() 

Investing Activities: 

Purchase of business, net of cash received 

() 

Asset acquisition, net of cash received 

() 

Purchase of investments 

() 

() 

() 

Sale of investments 

Acquisition of property and equipment 

() 

() 

() 

Proceeds from the sale of property and equipment 

Net cash used in investing activities 

() 

() 

() 

Financing Activities: 

Repurchase of noncontrolling interest 

() 

Contributions from noncontrolling interest holders 

Equity repurchase 

() 

() 

Issuance of long-term debt 

Debt issuance costs 

() 

Repayment of long-term debt 

() 

Issuance of common stock 

Common stock issuance costs 

() 

() 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net (decrease) increase in cash 

() 

Cash and restricted cash at beginning of period 

Cash and restricted cash at end of period 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: 

Cash paid for interest 

Supplemental non-cash investing and financing activities: 

Acquisition of property in accounts payable 

Purchase of business in accounts payable 

88 

The following table provides a reconciliation of cash and restricted cash reported within the consolidated balance sheets to the total above: 

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

December 31, 2020 

Cash 

Restricted cash in other assets 

Total 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 89 

Alignment Healthcare, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidate d Financial Statements 
 (amounts in thousands, except share amounts) 
 . All share and per share amounts in these consolidated financial statements and related notes have been retroactively adjusted, where applicable, for all periods presented to give effect to the common stock split and exchange ratio applied in connection with the Reorganization. As a result, we reclassified the capital contributions associated with the issuance of the membership units to additional paid-in capital and common stock using a par value of for all periods presented within the consolidated financial statements. Initial Public Offering On March 25, 2021, our Registration Statement on Form S-1 for the initial public offering of shares of common stock was declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission. Our common stock began trading on March 26, 2021 on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the ticker symbol ALHC. We completed an IPO through issuing and selling shares of common stock and certain stockholders selling shares of common stock, in each case at a price of per share. We received proceeds of after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions of and deferred offering costs of . Deferred direct offering costs were capitalized and consisted of fees and expenses incurred in connection with the sale of our common stock in the IPO, including legal, accounting, printing and other offering related costs. Upon completion of the IPO, these deferred offering costs were reclassified from prepaid and other current assets to stockholders' equity and recorded against the net proceeds from the offering. On April 6, 2021, pursuant to a partial exercise of the underwriters' over-allotment option, certain selling stockholders sold an additional 3,314,216 shares of common stock at the IPO price. The Company did not receive any proceeds from the sale of shares of common stock by the selling stockholders in the IPO. On November 18, 2021, certain selling stockholders, including certain of our principal stockholders, sold an additional shares of our common stock. The Company did t sell any shares and did not receive any proceeds from the sale of shares by the selling stockholders. We incurred in transaction costs in connection with this offering. Additionally, on September 15, 2022, we entered into an underwriting agreement with respect to an underwritten offering by certain selling stockholders of shares of our common stock. The Company did not receive any proceeds from the sale of the shares. We incurred in transaction costs in connection with this offering. 

 immaterial variable interest entities in which we are the primary beneficiary. All intercompany transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. Noncontrolling interest is presented within the equity section of the consolidated balance sheets. We have no components of other comprehensive income (loss), and accordingly, comprehensive income (loss) is the same as the net income (loss) for all periods presented. Subsequent to the issuance of the consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2021 we determined that reflected in the accumulated deficit beginning balance as of January 1, 2019 should have been reflected as additional paid-in capital. As such, the balances at December 31, 2019 in the Consolidated Statement of Stockholders' Equity were corrected resulting in an increase in accumulated deficit and additional paid-in capital for the corresponding amount. Management has concluded that the correction is not material to the previously issued consolidated financial statements. 
 
 reportable segment and operating segment, which is to provide healthcare services to our seniors. Factors used in determining the reportable segment include the nature of operating activities, our organizational and reporting structure, and the type of information reviewed by the CODM to allocate resources and evaluate financial performance. All of our assets are located in the United States. 
 assets or liabilities measured at fair value using Level 3 inputs as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. Our long-term debt was reported at carrying value. 

Capitation 

Premium revenue is derived monthly from the federal government based on our contracts with the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services CMS ). In accordance with these arrangements, we assume the responsibility for the outcomes and the economic risk of funding our members health care, supplemental benefits and related administration costs. We recognize premium revenue in the month that members are entitled to receive health care services, and premiums collected in advance are deferred. The monthly reimbursement includes a fixed payment per member per month PMPM ), which is adjusted based on certain risk factors derived from medical diagnoses and conditions of our members. The adjustments are estimated by projecting the ultimate annual premium and are recognized ratably during the year, with adjustments each period to reflect changes in the estimated ultimate premium. Premiums are also recorded net of estimated uncollectible amounts and retroactive membership adjustments. Capitation revenue consists primarily of capitated fees for medical care services provided by us under arrangements with third-party payors and from CMS related to our Direct Contracting Entity DCE ). Under those arrangements with third-party payors, we receive a PMPM payment for a defined member population, and we are responsible for providing health care services to the member population over the contract period. We are solely responsible for the cost of health care services related to the member population and in some cases, we are financially responsible for the supplemental benefits provided by us to the members. We act as a principal in arranging for and controlling the services provided by our provider network and we are at risk for arranging and providing health care services. The premium and capitation payments we receive monthly from CMS for our members are determined from our annual bid or similarly from third-party payors under our capitation arrangement. These payments represent revenues for providing health care coverage, including Medicare Part D benefits. Under the Medicare Part D program, our members and the members of the third-party payors receive standard drug benefits. We may also provide enhanced benefits at our own expense. We recognize premium or capitation revenue for providing this insurance coverage in the month that members are entitled to receive health care services and any premium or capitation collected in advance is deferred. Our CMS payment related to Medicare Part D is subject to risk sharing through the Medicare Part D risk corridor provisions. On April 1, 2021, we began participating in the CMS Innovation s Direct Contracting Model. CMS serves as the claim adjudicator for institutional and specialists care, and directly pays for such fee for service claims. The DCE is responsible for the cost of health care services related to the patient population attributed to the DCE by participating in 100 savings/losses via the risk share model and in some cases, are financially responsible for the supplemental benefits provided to the patients. The DCE acts as a principal in arranging for and controlling services provided directly by its contracts with primary care physicians, as well as services provided by preferred institutional care providers and specialists. Capitation payments for the DCE program are determined from an annual benchmark established by CMS. These payments, which are adjusted for variable considerations, represent revenue for providing health care service, including primary care as well as institutional and specialist care. The DCE recognizes capitation revenue for providing these services in the period in which the performance obligations are satisfied by transferring services to the members. Revenue recognized by the DCE for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 was and , respectively. CMS has announced it is replacing the DCE program with the ACO Realizing Equity, Access, and Community Health Model or ACO REACH model, which became effective January 1, 2023. 
 . The MLR represents medical costs as a percentage of premium revenue. The Code of Federal Regulations defines what constitutes medical costs and premium revenue, including certain additional expenses related to improving the quality of care provided, and the exclusion of certain taxes and fees, in each case as permitted or required by CMS and applicable regulatory requirements. If the minimum MLR is not met, we are required to remit a portion of the premiums back to the federal government. The amount remitted, if any, is recognized as an adjustment to premium revenues in the consolidated statements of operations. The amounts payable under this provision were immaterial at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. Medicare Part D payments are also subject to a federal risk corridor program, which limits a health plan s overall losses or profit if actual spending for basic Medicare Part D benefits is much higher or lower than what was anticipated. Risk corridor is recorded within premium revenue. The risk corridor provisions compare costs targeted in our bids or third-party payors bids to actual prescription drug costs, limited to actual costs that would have been incurred under the standard coverage as defined by CMS. Variances exceeding certain thresholds may result in CMS or third-party payors making additional payments to us or require us to refund a portion of the premiums we received. We estimate and recognize an adjustment to premium revenue related to these provisions based upon pharmacy claims experience. We record a receivable or payable at the contract level and classify the amount as current or long-term in our consolidated balance sheet based on the timing of expected settlement. Variable consideration estimates related to DCE contract revenue are based on the most likely outcome method and that a significant reversal in the amount of cumulative revenue recognized would not occur. Receivables, including risk adjusted premium due from the government or through third-party payors, pharmacy rebates, and other receivables, are shown net of allowances for credit losses and retroactive membership adjustments. 
 
 and , respectively . 

Office equipment and furniture 
 
 - 

Software 
 
 - 

Leasehold improvements 

Depreciation expense related to property and equipment used to service our members or at our clinics are included within medical expenses in the consolidated statements of operations. 

seasonality, utilization of health care services, and other relevant factors. Each period, we re-examine previously established IBNR estimates based on actual claim submissions and other changes in facts and circumstances. As the IBNR estimates recorded in prior periods develop, we adjust the amount of the estimates and include the changes in estimates in medical expenses in the period in which the change is identified. Actuarial Standards of Practice generally require that the IBNP estimates be adequate to cover obligations under moderately adverse conditions. Moderately adverse conditions are situations in which the actual claims are expected to be higher than the otherwise estimated value of such claims at the time of estimate. In many situations, the claims amount ultimately settled will be different than the estimate that satisfies the Actuarial Standards of Practice. We include in our IBNP an estimate for medical claims liability under moderately adverse conditions, which represents the risk of adverse deviation of the estimates in our actuarial method of reserving. We believe that medical expenses payable is adequate to cover future claims payments required. However, such estimates are based on knowledge of current events and anticipated future events. Therefore, the actual liability could differ materially from the amounts provided. We reassess the profitability of contracts for providing coverage to members when current operating results or forecasts indicate probable future losses. A premium deficiency reserve is established in current operations to the extent that the sum of expected future costs, claim adjustment expenses, and maintenance costs exceed related future premiums under contracts without consideration of investment income. For purposes of determining premium deficiencies, contracts are grouped in a manner consistent with the method of acquiring, servicing, and measuring the profitability of such contracts. Losses recognized as a premium deficiency result in a beneficial effect in subsequent periods as operating losses under these contracts are charged to the liability previously established. 
 on brand-name prescription drugs for Part D plan participants in the coverage gap. The majority of the discounts are funded by the pharmaceutical manufacturers, while we fund a smaller portion and administer the application of the total discount. These Subsidies represent cost reimbursements under the Medicare Part D program and are recorded as deposits or payables. These Subsidies received in excess of, or less than, actual subsidized benefits paid are refundable to or recoverable from CMS through an annual reconciliation process following the end of the contract year. 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Current liabilities: 

Medical expenses payable 

and , respectively, in excess of FDIC-insured limits. 
 and for the years ended December 31, 2021, and 2020, respectively, and was reported as selling, general and administrative expenses. The Industry Tax has been repealed for calendar years beginning after December 31, 2020. 

, , and , for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively, and were reported as selling, general and administrative expenses. 
 . We account for forfeitures as they occur. Additionally, prior to the IPO, the Parent had granted its Class B and Class C units to certain of our executives and board members Incentive Units and had also approved the Company s Stock Appreciation Rights SARs Plan. Upon the IPO, SARs were modified and concurrently were partially settled in cash and partially settled with issuance of common stock, a portion of which is restricted as discussed in Note 10 below. During March of 2021, we also amended certain of our contracts with third-party business partners and agreed to issue shares of common stock at the IPO price, in consideration for the discharge of certain contingent payment obligations under such agreements Stock Payment as discussed in Note 10. Equity-based compensation is recorded within selling, general and administrative expenses, and medical expenses based on the function of the applicable employee and non-employee. 
 December 31, 2021 as the Company was responsible for 100 of the net loss of that subsidiary. During the three months ended June 30, 2022, the Company purchased the noncontrolling interest and owns 100 of that subsidiary as of December 31, 2022. In October 2022, the Company acquired a subsidiary and recorded a noncontrolling interest for the portion of equity ownership not attributable to Alignment Healthcare, Inc. The noncontrolling interest in the subsidiary was initially recognized at estimated fair value on October 1, 2022 and is presented within total equity in the Company's consolidated balance sheet. The net loss attributable to this noncontrolling interest was for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

() 

() 

Less: Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests 

Net loss attributable to Alignment Healthcare, Inc. 

() 

() 

() 

Denominator: 

Total weighted-average common shares outstanding - basic and diluted 

Less: Restricted shares of common stock 

Total weighted-average common shares outstanding, net of restricted shares of common stock - basic and diluted 

Net loss per share: 

Net loss per share attributable to Alignment Healthcare, Inc. - basic and diluted 

() 

() 

() 

Basic net loss per share is the same as diluted net loss per share for periods presented as the inclusion of all potentially dilutive shares would have been anti-dilutive. 

Restricted stock units 

Total 

97 

Certificate of deposits 

Total 

December 31, 2021 

Fair Value 

Carrying Value 

Level 1 

Level 2 

Level 3 

U.S. Treasury bills 

Certificate of deposits 

Total 

The carrying value of long-term debt represents the outstanding balance, net of unamortized debt issuance costs. As of December 31, 2022, the fair value of our long-term debt approximates the carrying value. As of December 31, 2021, the carrying value and fair value of our long-term debt was and , respectively. The fair value of our long-term debt is classified as a Level 3 financial instrument because certain inputs used to determine its fair value are not observable. The fair value was estimated using a discounted cash flow DCF methodology. The discount rate used in the DCF model was estimated based on a synthetic credit rating analysis for us, and a screening of market data to identify market yields of instruments within the range of identified credit ratings and with otherwise similar features. Our nonfinancial assets and liabilities, which include goodwill, intangible assets, property, and equipment, are not required to be measured at fair value on a recurring basis. However, on a periodic basis, or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that their carrying value may not be recoverable, we assess these assets for impairment. such impairment resulted during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. 

Pharmacy rebate receivables 

Other receivables 

Total accounts receivable 

Allowance for credit losses 

() 

Accounts receivable, net 

The allowance for expected credit losses for accounts receivable is based primarily on past collections experience relative to the length of time receivables are past due. However, when available evidence reasonably supports an assumption that future economic conditions will differ from current and historical payment collections, an adjustment is reflected in the allowance for expected credit losses. We record pharmacy rebates and other receivables based on contractual terms and expected collections and our estimation process for contractual allowances for such balances generally results in an allowance for balances outstanding greater than 90 days or if expected credit risks are known. Receivables and any associated allowance are written off only when all collection attempts have failed and such amounts are determined unrecoverable. We regularly review the adequacy of these allowances based on a variety of factors, including age of the outstanding receivable and collection history. When circumstances related to specific collection patterns change, estimates of the recoverability of receivables are adjusted. Because substantially all of our receivable amounts are readily determinable and a large portion of our creditors are governmental authorities, our allowance for credit losses is insignificant. We recorded credit losses related to accounts receivable o f , , and during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. The amounts were recorded in selling general, and administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of operations. 

 98 

Office equipment and furniture 

Software 

Leasehold improvements 

Construction in progress 

Subtotal 

Less accumulated depreciation 

() 

() 

Property and equipment-net 

Depreciation expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 wa s , o f which w as included in medical expenses. Depreciation expense for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 was and , respectively, of which and , respectively, was included in medical expenses. 

License (indefinite lived) 

Plan member relationships 

() 

years 

Other 

() 

- years 

() 

December 31, 2021 

Gross Carrying Value 

Accumulated Amortization 

Net Carrying Value 

Weighted Average Life 

Goodwill 

License (indefinite lived) 

Plan member relationships 

() 

years 

Other 

() 

- years 

() 

Amortization expen se relating to intangible assets for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, was , , and , respectively. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

There were impairment charges related to goodwill and intangible assets for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. 

 99 

Capitation and risk-sharing payable 

Other 

Each period, we re-examine previously established outstanding claims reserve estimates based on actual claims submissions and other changes in facts and circumstances. As more complete claim information becomes available, we adjust the amount of the estimates and include the changes in estimates in claim costs in the period in which the change is identified. Substantially, all of the total claims paid by us are known and settled within the first year from the date of service, and substantially, all remaining claim amounts are paid within a period. 

Incurred related to: 

Current year 

Prior years 

() 

() 

() 

Total incurred, net of reinsurance 

Payments related to: 

Current year 

Prior years 

Total payments, net of reinsurance 

Claims incurred but not paid - ending balance 

Capitation payable, risk-sharing payable, and other 

Total medical expenses payable 

In March 2020, the COVID-19 outbreak was declared a pandemic. The COVID-19 virus disproportionately impacts older adults, especially those with chronic illnesses, which describes many of the seniors we serve. For the three months ended March 31, 2021, we experienced higher claims costs due to COVID-19 related inpatient admissions. However, for the remainder of 2021 we saw a decline in COVID-related utilization (compared to the first quarter of 2021) as vaccination rates improved across our senior population. The Delta and Omicron variants caused a rebound in COVID-related inpatient utilization during the second half of 2021 and first quarter of 2022, however, the increase in utilization did not reach first quarter of 2021 levels. While COVID had a less significant impact on fiscal year 2022, we remain cautious of the potential impact of the COVID-19 in the future. The ultimate impact of COVID-19 to us and our financial condition is presently unknown, and we continue to monitor the impact of COVID-19 on our claims reserve estimate. We re-examine previously established outstanding claims reserve estimates based on actual claims submissions and other changes in facts and circumstances. We recognized a favorable prior year development, excluding provision for adverse deviation, of , , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. The favorable prior year development incurred in 2022, 2021 and 2020 was primarily due to better-than-expected claims recoveries and actual claims expense being less than expected. 

2021 

2022 

Total 

Cumulative Claims Paid, Net of Reinsurance For the Years Ended December 31, 

Cumulative Number of Paid Claims 

Claims Incurred Year 
 
 2020 

2021 

2022 

2020 

2021 

2022 

Total 

Substantially all of the claims incurred but not paid as of December 31, 2022 relate to the current year. There is no single or common claim frequency metric used in the health care industry. We believe a relevant metric for our health insurance business is the cumulative number of claims paid for each incurred year. Claims that did not result in a liability are not included in the frequency metric. 

Less unamortized debt issuance costs 

() 

() 

Long-term debt-net of amortization 

Less current portion of long-term debt 

Long-term debt - net of current portion 

CRG Term Loan In August 2018, we entered into a term loan with CR Group CRG for , with an option to borrow up to an additional . In April 2019, we amended the term loan to increase our borrowing capacity by . The terms and conditions in the term loan remained the same unless otherwise stated in the amendment. The term loan was subject to a commitment fee of and we incurred debt issuance costs of . Debt issuance costs related to attorney fees, other third-party costs, and commitment fees that represent of the amount borrowed. We were required to pay the commitment fees when the term loan was repaid, as noted below. Debt issuance costs were deferred and were amortized to interest expense over the debt term using the effective interest method. Debt issuance costs were presented in the consolidated balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying value of the term loan. The term loan (including the related amendment) bore interest at a rate of payable on a quarterly basis. We had the option to pay a portion of the interest rate in cash, and the remaining portion of the interest rate was added to the debt principal balance as a payment-in-kind. The payment-in-kind was also subject to a commitment fee of . The cash and payment-in-kind interest rates were and , respectively, through April 2019 and converted to and , respectively, for the remainder of the term. In 2022 and 2021, we utilized our option to pay the quarterly interest payments in both cash and payment-in-kind. In connection with the new credit facility with Oxford Finance, as noted below, we repaid all amounts outstanding under the term loan with CRG. This included the principal balance of , the commitment fee of , the payment-in-kind commitment fee of , and the payment-in-kind interest balance of . The amount paid also included related to interest for the three months ended September 30, 2022. Additionally, we recorded a loss on debt extinguishment of due to the write off of the remaining unamortized debt issuance costs and unamortized commitment fees. Oxford Term Loan On (the Effective Date ), we entered into a senior secured term loan agreement (the Oxford Loan Agreement with Oxford Finance LLC Oxford ), as administrative agent, collateral agent and a lender, and the other lenders from time to time party thereto (collectively, the Lenders ), pursuant to which the Lenders have agreed to lend an aggregate principal amount of up to in a series of term loans (the Term Loans ). Pursuant to the Oxford Loan Agreement, we received an initial Term Loan of on the Effective Date (the Initial Term Loan and may borrow up to an additional of Term Loans at our option (such additional Term Loans, the Delayed Draw Term Loans ). , plus (ii) an applicable margin of . All unpaid principal and accrued and unpaid interest with respect to each Term Loan is due and payable in full on . The interest rate applied during the month ended September 30, 2022 through the month ended December 31, 2022 ranged from to . The aggregate proceeds of the Delayed Draw Term Loans drawn on or prior to June 30, 2024 may not exceed unless used for permitted acquisitions and may not exceed drawn on or after July 1, 2024. The term loan was subject to a commitment fee of and an origination fee of . The Delayed Draw Term Loans are subject to a commitment fee of . We incurred additional debt issuance costs of related to attorney fees and other third-party costs. The commitment and origination fees are included within debt issuance costs and were deferred and will be amortized to interest expense over the debt term using the straight line method, which is materially consistent with the effective interest method. The debt issuance costs related to the term loan are presented in the consolidated balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying value of the term loan. The debt issuance costs related to the delayed draw term loan are presented in the consolidated balance sheet as other assets. Substantially all of the proceeds from the Initial Term Loan were used to repay in full the aggregate principal amount, accrued interest (including payment in kind interest) and fees related to the CRG Term Loan, as well as certain fees and expenses payable to Oxford. The Term Loans are guaranteed by certain of our wholly owned subsidiaries and collateralized by all unrestricted assets. For certain prepayments of the Term Loans prior to the second anniversary of the Effective Date, we will be required to pay a prepayment fee ranging from to of the principal amount of the Term Loans being prepaid. The Oxford Loan Agreement includes customary events of default, including, among others, payment defaults, breach of representations and warranties, covenant defaults, judgment defaults, insolvency and bankruptcy defaults, and change of control. The occurrence of an event of default could result in the acceleration of the obligations under the Loan Agreement, termination of the Term Loan commitments and the right to foreclose on the collateral securing the obligations. During the existence of an event of default, the outstanding Term Loans will accrue interest at a rate per annum equal to plus the otherwise applicable interest rate. Additionally, in the event of any contemplated asset sale or series of asset sales yielding net proceeds in excess of , except those excluded per the Loan Agreement, we are required to prepay the aggregate outstanding principal balance of the Term Loans in an amount equal to the entire amount of the asset sale net proceeds, plus any accrued and unpaid interest. The Oxford Loan Agreement includes financial covenants that require the Borrower Parties to (i) maintain minimum liquidity, as defined in the Loan Agreement, of million and (ii) satisfy a maximum permitted ratio of debt to trailing twelve-month revenue, as set forth in the Loan Agreement. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, we were in compliance with the Oxford and CRG financial covenants, respectively. 

2026 

2027 

Total 

() 

() 

Valuation allowance 

() 

() 

() 

State income tax - net of federal tax benefit 

() 

() 

() 

Nondeductible expenses 

() 

() 

() 

Equity-based compensation 

() 

() 

Cumulative deferred adjustment and other 

() 

() 

() 

ACA Health insurer fee 

() 

Provision to return adjustment 

() 

() 

() 

Nondeductible executive compensation 

() 

() 

Net income tax expense 

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

Deferred tax assets: 

Federal and state net operating loss carryforwards 

Employee benefits 

Interest deduction limitation 

Other 

Gross deferred tax assets 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Intangibles 

() 

() 

Depreciation 

() 

() 

Lease liabilities 

() 

() 

Gross deferred tax liabilities 

() 

() 

Net deferred tax assets 

Valuation allowance 

() 

() 

Net deferred taxes 

Valuation allowances are provided when it is considered more likely than not that deferred tax assets will not be realized. The valuation allowances primarily relate to future tax benefits on certain federal and state net operating loss NOL carryforwards. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, federal NOL carryforwards were and , respectively. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, state NOL carryforwards were and , respectively, and of the total federal net operating loss carryforwards have an indefinite life while the remaining federal and state net operating loss carryforwards begin to expire in if not utilized. Of the total NOL carryforwards, approximately of federal and of California NOL carryforwards relate to Alignment Health Plan, Inc. for which the utilization of the federal NOL carryforward is subject to a federal Section 382 limitation of per year, and the utilization of the California NOL carryforwards is subject to a similar California annual limitation. In June 2020, California s Governor signed into law Assembly Bill AB 85 suspending California NOL utilization for taxpayers with more than million of taxable income, effective for tax years 2020, 2021, and 2022. AB 85 includes an extended carryover period for the suspended NOLs with an additional year carryforward for each year of suspension. Subsequently, on February 9, 2022, the California governor signed Senate Bill 113 (S.B. 113), which restores the NOL deduction and eliminates the million annual cap on business incentive tax credits, effective for tax years beginning on or after January 1, 2022. We have cumulative NOLs as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. Given the history of losses, and after consideration for the risk associated with estimates of future taxable income, we established a full valuation allowance against net deferred tax assets at December 31, 2022 and 2021. Under the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act TCJA ), federal NOLs generated after 2017 will be carried forward indefinitely but are limited to an deduction of taxable income. NOLs generated prior to 2018 have a 20-year carryforward period and can be used to offset of taxable income. An exception to the TCJA federal NOL rule applies to certain of our subsidiaries and requires all NOLs generated from those entities to have a 20-year carryforward period and offset of taxable income. Additionally, an ownership change as defined under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code, could potentially limit the ability to utilize certain tax attributes including the Company s substantial NOLs. Ownership change is generally defined as any significant change in ownership of more than 50 of its stock over a three-year testing period. If, as a result of current or future transactions involving our common stock, we undergo cumulative ownership changes which exceed 50 over the testing period, our ability to utilize our NOL carryforwards would be subject to additional limitations under IRC Section 382. We continue to monitor changes in ownership with respect to these income tax provisions. The CARES Act, which was enacted on March 27, 2020, provides for deferred payment of the employer portion of social security taxes due between March 27, 2020 and December 31, 2020, with due by December 31, 2021 and the remaining due by . We began deferring the employer portion of its social security taxes in April 2020. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the deferred portion of social security taxes amounted to and , respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were liabilities for unrecognized tax benefits. 

 of shares available for issuance under the 2021 Plan may not exceed shares (subject to a discretionary annual increase of up to effective as of January 1 of each year for ). Equity Awards Stock options Our outstanding stock options generally vest annually over and generally expire from the date of the grant. The 2021 Equity Incentive Plan provides that stock option grants will be made with an exercise price at no less than the estimated fair value of common stock at the date of the grant. 

Options granted 

Options exercised 

Options forfeited / expired 

() 

Balances as of December 31, 2021 

Options granted 

Options exercised 

Options forfeited / expired 

() 

Balances as of December 31, 2022 

Vested and Exercisable as of December 31, 2022 

Aggregate intrinsic value represents the difference between the exercise price of the option and the closing price of our common stock. The aggregate intrinsic value of options exercised for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was . The fair value of options granted during the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 was and , respectively . As the options were all granted in 2022 and 2021 there was related compensation expense in 2020. 

Expected volatility (2) 
 
 - 

- 

Risk-free interest rate (3) 
 
 - 

- 

Dividend yield (4) 

(1) years before exercise was used based on the midpoint of the vesting date and the full contractual term (known as the simplified method). We do not have sufficient history of exercise for similar awards. 

 (2) 

 (3) 

 (4) was used because we have not historically paid dividends. 

Restricted Stock Awards Our outstanding RSAs generally vest annually over . RSAs converted from pre-IPO awards generally vest on the later of the fourth anniversary of the original vesting commencement date or annually on the first and second anniversary of the IPO (see Pre-IPO Equity and Modifications sections below for details). 

Converted 

Granted 

Vested 

() 

Forfeited 

() 

Unvested and outstanding as of December 31, 2021 

Vested 

() 

Forfeited 

() 

Unvested and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 

Restricted Stock Units Our outstanding restricted stock units RSU generally vest annually over . However, RSUs granted during September 2022 vest - in each of the and - in years . 

Granted 

Vested 

Cancelled/forfeited 

() 

Unvested and outstanding as of December 31, 2021 

Granted 

Vested (1) 

() 

Cancelled/forfeited 

() 

Unvested and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 

(1) shares that vested, but the issuance and delivery of the shares was deferred. 
 Non-Employee Awards During the year ended December 31, 2021, total payment of , under the Company s Stock Payment arrangement, as discussed in Note 2, was settled upon our successful IPO in shares of our common stock at per share with of such common stock restricted and vesting over of a performance period of . The unrecognized stock compensation related to these RSAs of will be recognized over a graded vesting schedule over the performance period of the award. Pre-IPO equity Our Parent issued Incentive Units to certain employees, board members, and advisors, which were profits interests issued in Class B and Class C units. As of the IPO, only the time-vesting portion of Class B Incentive Units were fully vested. In 2014, Alignment Healthcare Holdings, LLC s Board of Directors adopted a Stock Appreciation Rights Plan SARs Plan ), under which Alignment Healthcare Holdings, LLC had granted awards in the form of SARs to employees, officers, directors, consultants, and other service providers of the Company. Stock Appreciation Rights annually over and only becomes payable to the extent vested upon a qualified change in control Time-vesting SARs ), while the remaining 20 vests concurrent to the change in control Performance-vesting SARs . The IPO was not considered a change in control under the original terms of the SARs. We have the option to settle SARs in either cash or equity upon an IPO. In conjunction with the IPO, on March 24, 2021, the Company modified the Performance-vesting SARs to be converted into RSAs which vest annually on each of the first and second anniversaries of the IPO. Vested Time-vesting SARs were settled approximately in cash and in common stock. The amount of SARs settled in cash was . The conversion of SARs resulted in the issuance of RSAs. 

Grants 

Canceled 

() 

Outstanding at December 31, 2020 

Grants 

Canceled 

() 

Cash settlement or converted into common stock 

() 

Converted into unvested RSAs 

() 

Outstanding at December 31, 2021 

Incentive Units A portion of Incentive Units vest annually over four years Time-vesting Incentive Units and the remaining Incentive Units vest upon a change in control Performance-vesting Incentives Units ). The IPO was not considered a change in control under the original terms of the Incentive Units. 

Granted 

Canceled 

() 

Redeemed 

Balance as of December 31, 2020 

Granted 

Canceled 

Redeemed 

() 

Converted into common stock 

() 

Converted into unvested RSAs 

() 

Balance as of December 31, 2021 

Granted 

Vested 

() 

Balance as of December 31, 2020 

Granted 

Vested 

() 

Converted into unvested RSAs 

() 

Balance as of December 31, 2021 

Modifications In conjunction with the Reorganization, the conversion of the Incentive Units into our RSAs was made pursuant to antidilution provisions of the original awards which required the award holders to be kept whole. As a result, there was no incremental compensation cost associated with the conversion. In conjunction with the IPO, the Company modified the Time-vesting Incentive Units to be converted into RSAs and subject to the same time-vesting conditions upon the IPO, and modified the Performance-vesting SARs and Performance-vesting Incentive Units to be converted into RSAs which vest upon the later of the fourth anniversary of the original vesting commencement date or 50 annually on the first and second anniversary of the IPO. Historically, no equity-based compensation expense was recognized for the SARs or Performance-vesting Incentive Units as the change in control was not probable. As a result of the conversion and modification, we determined that the RSAs converted from the Performance-vesting SARs and the Performance-vesting Incentive Units should be remeasured as of the date of the modification (March 25, 2021). The RSAs converted from the SARs were previously classified as liabilities and subject to remeasurement at fair value each reporting period. After the modification the converted RSAs were classified as equity, and were measured using the IPO stock price which will be recognized over the remaining modified vesting periods. The incremental compensation cost resulting from these modifications was . Equity-Based Compensation Expense 

Medical expenses 

Total equity-based compensation expense (1) 

(1) for cash settlement of SARs related to the IPO. 
 As of December 31, 2022, there was in unrecognized compensation expense related to all non-vested awards (RSAs, options and RSUs) that will be recognized over the weighted-average period of years. As of December 31, 2021, there was in unrecognized compensation expense related to all non-vested awards (RSAs, options and RSUs) that will be recognized over the weighted-average period of years. 

 ; (2) of the first of annualized premium revenue, plus of annualized premium revenue in excess of 150,000; or (3) of the first 150,000 of annualized health care expenditures, except for those paid on a capitated or managed hospital payment basis, plus of the annualized health care expenditures in excess of 150,000, except those paid on a capitated or managed hospital payment basis, plus of annualized hospital expenditures paid on a managed hospital payment basis. We were in compliance with the TNE requirement for all periods presented. We have the ability to provide additional capital to each of our health plans or risk-bearing entities when necessary to ensure that the RBC and TNE requirements are met. Certain states regulate the payment of dividends, loans, or other cash transfers from our regulated subsidiaries to our non-regulated subsidiaries and parent company. Such payments may require approval by state regulatory authorities and are limited based on certain financial criteria, such as the entity s level of statutory income and statutory capital and surplus, or the entity s level of tangible net equity or net worth, among other measures. These regulations vary by state. Our state regulated subsidiaries had aggregate regulatory capital of approximately and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which exceeded aggregate minimum regulatory requirements of and , respectively. The amount of undistributed dividends from our regulated subsidiaries that may be paid out to our parent without regulatory approval was and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. We were in compliance with the RBC and TNE requirements as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. Restricted Assets Pursuant to the regulations governing our subsidiaries, we maintain certain deposits required by the government authorities in the form of cash, certificates of deposit and Treasury bills as protection in the event of insolvency. The use of funds from these investments is limited as required by regulation in the various states in which we operate, or as needed in the event of insolvency. Therefore, these deposits are reported within other assets on the consolidated balance sheets. We hold these assets until maturity, at which time these assets will renew or are invested in a similar type of investment instrument. Given the regulatory requirements, we expect to hold these investments for long-term. As a result, we do not expect the value of these investments to decline significantly due to a sudden change in market interest rates. These investments are carried at amortized cost, which approximates fair value. 

 of operating ROU assets were recorded as right of use assets on the consolidated balance sheets. Lease liabilities of and were included in accounts payable and accrued expenses and long-term lease liabilities, respectively. At December 31, 2021, of operating ROU assets were recorded as right of use assets on the consolidated balance sheets. Lease liabilities of and were included in accounts payable and accrued expenses and long-term lease liabilities, respectively. 

Variable operating lease costs 

Total operating leases costs 

Fixed and variable operating leases costs are included within selling, general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statement of operations. Short term and finance lease costs were immaterial. For the year-ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities included within our operating cash flows was , and , respectively. Lease liabilities are based on the net present value of the remaining lease payments over the remaining lease term. In determining the present value of lease payments, the Company used its incremental borrowing rate based on the information available at the lease commencement date. The weighted average remaining lease term for operating leases is years with a weighted average discount rate at December 31, 2022. The weighted average remaining lease term for finance leases is years with a weighted average discount rate at December 31, 2022. In the year ended December 31, 2022, and of operating lease and finance lease assets, respectively were exchanged for lease liabilities related to newly commenced leases. 

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

Lease assets 

Operating lease assets 

Finance lease assets 

Total lease assets 

Lease liabilities 

Current 

Operating lease liabilities 

Finance lease liabilities 

Non-current 

Operating lease liabilities 

Finance lease liabilities 

Total lease liabilities 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

2028 and thereafter 

Total lease payments 

Less: Interest 

Present value of lease liabilities 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

2028 and thereafter 

Total lease payments 

Less: Interest 

Present value of lease liabilities 

We sublease space not used in our operations. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, sublease income was , and , respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2022 we recorded an ROU asset impairment of related to our subleases. There was impairment recorded for the year ended December 31, 2021 and 2020. 

 and , respectively, as of January 1, 2020. The difference between the initial lease liability and the right-of-use asset was primarily due to deferred rent. 
 of contributions not exceeding of the employee's compensation. We made matching contribution s of , , and during 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively, and were included within selling general, and administrative expenses in the consolidated statement of operations. 

 109 

t material as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. Professional Liability Insurance We maintain coverage for professional liability, errors and omissions, directors and officers, employment practices liability insurance, and worker s compensation. The professional liability insurance policy is claims based while the other insurance policies are occurrence based. Such policies provide coverage for our employees, certain covered physicians, loss of income due to potential business interruption, and possible destruction or theft of assets. There have not been any reductions in coverage nor have there been any claims, which have exceeded such coverage(s) for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Medical Reinsurance (Stop-Loss Insurance) We utilize medical insurance (or stop-loss agreement) to limits excess losses on individual members. Under the terms of the stop-loss agreement, we are reimbursed for certain proportions of the cost of each member s hospital expenses in excess of a specified deductible in a coverage period, limited to in aggregate per member per coverage period. For California, we have until April 30, 2023, to submit claims to the reinsurance carrier with dates of service prior to October 1, 2022. The coverage period starts October 1 to September 30 of the following year. As of September 30, 2022, we renewed our expiring policy for the 2022 2023 coverage period with all existing terms and conditions remaining intact. For North Carolina, Nevada, and Arizona, we have until July 31, 2022, to submit claims to the reinsurance carrier with dates of service prior to January 1, 2023. Each coverage period runs January 1 to December 31. As of December 31, 2022, we renewed our expiring policy for the 2023 coverage period with all existing terms and conditions remaining intact. Reinsurance premiums are included in medical costs in the consolidated statement of operations. In the event that the third party with whom we have contracted is unable to meet its obligations under the stop-loss agreement, we remain liable for paying such claim amounts submitted. Related Parties Joseph Konowiecki serves in an executive role and as a non-independent Chairman of the Board. Mr. Konowiecki s son is a partner in the law firm of McDermott Will Emery LLP MWE ), which provided legal services to the Company and our subsidiaries during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 and continues to do so. For providing these services, MWE received fees related to the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 of approximately . Mr. Konowiecki s son does not receive any direct compensation from the fees paid to MWE by us, and the fees paid by us to MWE in fiscal 2022 were considered immaterial to the service provider. 

 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreem ents with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 None. 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 
 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures: 
 
 Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we have evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that these disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level as of December 31, 2022. 
 110 

In designing and evaluating our disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives and management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. 
 
 Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act. Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 Our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in 2013. Based on the results of this evaluation, our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 has been audited by our independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their attestation report, which is included herein. 
 
 Changes to our Internal Controls over Financial Reporting: 
 
 There were no material changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the year ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. As a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, certain employees began working remotely in March 2020. We have not identified any material changes in our internal control over financial reporting as a result of these changes to the working environment, in part because our internal control over financial reporting was designed to operate in a remote working environment. We are continually monitoring and assessing our remote working arrangements to determine any potential impact on the design and operating effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the stockholders and the Board of Directors of 
 Alignment Healthcare, Inc. : 
 
 Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of Alignment Healthcare, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO. 
 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022, of the Company and our report dated February 28, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable 
 111 

detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 /s/ Deloitte Touche LLP 
 
 Los Angeles, California 
 February 28, 2023 
 Item 9B. Other Information. 
 None. 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 Not applicable. 
 112 

PART III 
 It em 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
 
 The information required by this Item is hereby incorporated by reference to our definitive proxy statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. 
 
 We have adopted a code of ethics and business conduct that applies to all employees, including our Chief Executive Officer (our principal executive officer) and Chief Financial Officer (our principal financial officer), and employees, as well as each member of our Board of Directors. The code of ethics and business conduct is available on our website at www.alignmenthealth.com under the Investor Relations section. We intend to satisfy any disclosure requirement under Item 5.05 of Form 8-K regarding an amendment to, or waiver from, a provision of the code of ethics by posting such information on our website, at the address specified above. 
 It em 11. Executive Compensation. 
 The information required by this Item is hereby incorporated by reference to our definitive proxy statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. 
 It em 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 
 The information required by this Item is hereby incorporated by reference to our definitive proxy statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. 
 It em 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 
 The information required by this Item is hereby incorporated by reference to our definitive proxy statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. 
 
 Ite m 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 
 
 The information required by this Item is hereby incorporated by reference to our definitive proxy statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. 
 
 113 

PART IV 
 It em 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 
 The following documents are filed as a part of this report: 
 (a) (1) Financial Statements: The Financial Statements described in Part II. Item 8 and beginning on page 82 are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 (a) (3) Exhibits: The following exhibits are filed or furnished with or incorporated by reference this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 114 

Exhibit Number 
 
 Description 

3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Alignment Healthcare, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on March 30, 2021). 

3.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Alignment Healthcare, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on March 30, 2021). 

4.1 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of March 30, 2021, among Alignment Healthcare, Inc. and the other signatories party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on March 30, 2021). 

4.2 
 
 Description of Capital Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Form 10-K filed on March 3, 2022). 

10.1 
 
 Term Loan Agreement, dated as of September 2, 2022, by and among Alignment Healthcare, Inc., Alignment Healthcare USA, LLC, as borrower, certain other subsidiaries of the Company, the lenders from time to time party thereto and Oxford Finance LLC, as administrative agent and collateral agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 10-Q filed on November 3, 2022) . 

10.2 
 
 Security Agreement, dated as of September 2, 2022, by and among Alignment Healthcare USA, the other grantors from time to time party thereto and Oxford Finance LLC, as administrative agent and collateral agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Form 10-Q filed on November 3, 2022). 

10.3 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Term Loan Agreement and Amendment No. 1 to Security Agreement dated January 30, 2023 

10.4 
 
 Form of Director and Officer Indemnification Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company s Form S-1 filed on March 23, 2021). 

10.5+ 
 
 Alignment Healthcare Holdings, LLC Stock Appreciation Rights Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Company s Form S-1 filed on March 3, 2021). 

10.6+ 
 
 Alignment Healthcare, Inc. 2021 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on March 30, 2021). 

10.7+ 
 
 Amended Restated Employment Agreement of John E. Kao dated March 26, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Company's Form 10-Q filed on May 17, 2021) 

10.8+ 
 
 Amended Restated Employment Agreement of Dawn Maroney dated March 26, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the Company's Form 10-Q filed on May 17, 2021) 

10.9+ 
 
 Amended Restated Employment Agreement of Thomas Freeman dated March 26, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to the Company's Form 10-Q filed on May 17, 2021) 

10.10+ 
 
 Employment Agreement of Joseph Konowiecki dated October 31, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Form 10-Q filed on November 3, 2022) 

10.11+ 
 
 Amended Restated Employment Agreement of Dinesh Kumar dated March 26, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to the Company s Form 10-K filed on March 3, 2022) 

10.12+ 
 
 Amended Restated Employment Agreement of Richard Cross dated March 26, 2021 

10.13+ 
 
 Form of Option Award Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16 to the Company s Form S-1 filed on March 23, 2021). 

10.14+ 
 
 Form of Restricted Shares Award Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.17 to the Company s Form S-1 filed on March 23, 2021). 

10.15+ 
 
 Form of RSU Award Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.18 to the Company s Form S-1 filed on March 23, 2021). 

10.16+ 
 
 Form of Option Award Agreement (Senior Executives) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.19 to the Company s Form S-1 filed on March 23, 2021). 

10.17+ 
 
 Form of RSU Award Agreement (Senior Executives) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.20 to the Company s Form S-1 filed on March 23, 2021). 

10.18 
 
 Form of CMS Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to the Company s Form S-1 filed on March 3, 2021). 

10.19 
 
 Stockholders Agreement, dated as of March 30, 2021, among Alignment Healthcare, Inc. and the other signatories party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on March 30, 2021). 

10.20 
 
 Confidential Separation Agreement and General Release (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 10-Q filed on May 5, 2022). 

21.1 
 
 List of Subsidiaries of Alignment Healthcare, Inc. 

23.1 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

115 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

Filed herewith. 
 	Furnished herewith 
 +	Indicates management contract or compensatory plan. 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary. 
 None. 
 116 

SIGNA TURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized . 

Alignment Healthcare, Inc. 

Date: February 28, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ John Kao 

John Kao 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ John Kao 
 
 President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 
 
 February 28, 2023 

John Kao 

/s/ Thomas Freeman 
 
 Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 
 
 February 28, 2023 

Thomas Freeman 

/s/ Joseph Konowiecki 
 
 Chairman of the Board 
 
 February 28, 2023 

Joseph Konowiecki 

/s/ Jody Bilney 
 
 Director 
 
 February 28, 2023 

Jody Bilney 

/s/ Thomas Carella 
 
 Director 
 
 February 28, 2023 

Thomas Carella 

/s/ David Hodgson 
 
 Director 
 
 February 28, 2023 

David Hodgson 

/s/ Yon Jorden 
 
 Director 
 
 February 28, 2023 

Yon Jorden 

/s/ Jacqueline Kosecoff 
 
 Director 
 
 February 28, 2023 

Jacqueline Kosecoff 

/s/ Jeffrey Margolis 
 
 Director 
 
 February 28, 2023 

Jeffrey Margolis 

/s/ Margaret McCarthy 
 
 Director 
 
 February 28, 2023 

Margaret McCarthy 

/s/ Mark McClellan 
 
 Director 
 
 February 28, 2023 

Mark McClellan 

/s/ Robbert Vorhoff 
 
 Director 
 
 February 28, 2023 

Robbert Vorhoff 

117 

<EX-10>
 2
 alhc-ex10_3.htm
 EX-10.3

EX-10 

Exhibit 10.3 
 
 AMENDMENT NO. 1 TO TERM LOAN AGREEMENT AND 
 AMENDMENT NO. 1 TO SECURITY AGREEMENT 
 THIS AMENDMENT NO. 1 TO TERM LOAN AGREEMENT AND AMENDMENT NO. 1 TO SECURITY AGREEMENT, dated as of January 30, 2023 (this Amendment ), is made among ALIGNMENT HEALTHCARE, INC., a Delaware corporation Parent ), ALIGNMENT HEALTHCARE HOLDCO 1, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Healthcare Holdco ), ALIGNMENT HEALTHCARE HOLDCO 2, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Holdings ), ALIGNMENT HEALTHCARE USA, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Borrower ), the Subsidiary Guarantors from time to time party thereto (together with Holdings, Healthcare Holdco, Parent and Borrower, the Obligors ), the Lenders listed on the signature pages hereof (each, a Lender and, collectively, Lenders ), and Oxford Finance LLC , a Delaware limited liability company, as administrative agent and collateral agent for Lenders (in such capacities, together with its successors and assigns, Administrative Agent ), with respect to the Loan Agreement and the Security Agreement referred to below. 
 
 RECITALS 
 
 A. WHEREAS, the Obligors, the Lenders and Administrative Agent are parties to that certain Term Loan Agreement, dated as of September 2, 2022 (as may be amended, amended and restated, modified or supplemented from time to time, the Loan Agreement ), pursuant to which the Lenders have agreed to provide financial accommodations to Borrower, all as more fully set forth in the Loan Agreement; 

B. WHEREAS, the Obligors and Administrative Agent are parties to that certain Security Agreement, dated as of September 2, 2022 (as may be amended, amended and restated, modified or supplemented from time to time, the Security Agreement ); and 

C. WHEREAS, subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, Borrower, Administrative Agent and each of the Lenders (which constitute all of the Lenders under the Loan Agreement) have agreed to amend each of the Loan Agreement and the Security Agreement; 

D. NOW, THEREFORE, for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto hereby agree as follows: 

AGREEMENT 
 
 SECTION 1.	Definitions; Interpretation. 
 
 (a) Terms Defined in Loan Agreement . All capitalized terms used in this Amendment (including in the recitals hereof) and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Loan Agreement or the Security Agreement, as applicable. 

(b) Interpretation . The rules of interpretation set forth in Section 1.03 of the Loan Agreement shall be applicable to this Amendment and are incorporated herein by this reference. 

SECTION 2.	Amendments to Loan Agreement . Upon the satisfaction (or waiver in the sole discretion of the Lenders) of the conditions set forth in Section 4 below, the Loan Agreement is hereby amended as follows: 
 1 

(a) Section 11.02 Remedies of the Loan Agreement is hereby amended by inserting the following new Section 11.02(d) at the end thereof: 

(d)	 Application of Payments . Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, after the exercise of remedies provided for in Section 11.02(a) (or after the Term Loans then outstanding, together with accrued interest thereon and all fees and other Obligations, have automatically become immediately due and payable as set forth in Section 11.02(b)), all payments received on account of the Obligations shall, subject to the provisions of Sections 2.05, be applied by Administrative Agent as follows: 
 
 (i) 	first , to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting fees, indemnities, expenses and other amounts (including fees and disbursements and other charges of counsel payable under Section 13.03) payable to Administrative Agent in its capacity as such; 
 
 (ii)	 second , to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting fees, indemnities and other amounts (other than principal and interest) payable to the Lenders (including fees and disbursements and other charges of counsel payable under Section 13.03) arising under the Loan Documents, ratably among them in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause (ii) payable to them; 
 
 (iii)	 third , to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting accrued and unpaid interest on the Term Loans, ratably among the Lenders in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause (iii) payable to them; 
 
 (iv)	 fourth , to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting unpaid principal of the Term Loans ratably among the Lenders in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause (iv) payable to them; 
 
 (v)	 fifth , to the payment in full of all other Obligations, in each case ratably among Administrative Agent and the Lenders based upon the respective aggregate amounts of all such Obligations owing to them in accordance with the respective amounts thereof then due and payable; and 
 
 (vi)	 finally , the balance, if any, after all Obligations have been indefeasibly paid in full, to Borrower or as otherwise required by Law. 
 
 (b) Section 13.04 Amendments, Etc .) of the Loan Agreement is hereby amended by amending and restating the first paragraph thereof in its entirety as follows: 

Except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement, any provision of this Agreement may be modified or supplemented only by an instrument in writing signed by Borrower and the Majority Lenders (or Administrative Agent on behalf of such Majority Lenders); provided however , that no such amendment, discharge, termination, waiver or other modification shall, 
 
 (a)	unless signed by each Lender directly affected thereby, amend or waive Borrower s compliance with any term or provision of this Agreement, if the effect of such amendment or waiver would be to (i) reduce the principal of, or rate of interest on, the Term Loans (other than the application of the 
 2 

Default Rate and with respect to any mandatory prepayments under Section 3.02(b)), (ii) reduce or waive the payment of any fee in which all Lenders share hereunder, (iii) extend the Maturity Date or the date fixed for payment of any installment of principal thereof or any interest or fee or other amounts payable hereunder or (iv) extend or increase the Commitment of any Lender (including by way of amendment or modification of the final proviso to Section 2.04) or reinstate any Commitment terminated pursuant to Section 11.02 (it being understood and agreed that a waiver in accordance with the terms hereof of any condition precedent or waiver of any Default or Event of Default or mandatory prepayment shall not constitute an extension or increase of any Commitments), or 
 
 (b)	unless signed by each Lender, (i) alter or amend the definition of Majority Lenders , (ii) except as otherwise expressly permitted or required hereunder, release all or substantially all of the Collateral or Guarantees in any transaction or series of related transactions, (iii) amend any provision hereof specifying the number or percentage of Lenders required to waive, amend or modify any rights hereunder or make any determination or grant any consent hereunder, (iv) amend Section 4.05, 11.02(d) or any other provision of any Loan Document related to the pro rata sharing of payments among Lenders or the order in which payments are applied to repay the Obligations, in each case, in a manner that alters the pro rata sharing of payments or the order in which payments are applied to repay the Obligations or (v) subordinate the Obligations or the Liens securing the Obligations in right of payment and/or security to any other Indebtedness. 
 
 No amendment, waiver or consent shall affect the rights or duties under any Loan Document of, or any payment to, Administrative Agent (or otherwise modify any provision of Section 12 or the application thereof) unless in writing and signed by Administrative Agent in addition to any signature otherwise required. 
 
 SECTION 3.	Amendments to Security Agreement . Upon the satisfaction (or waiver in the sole discretion of the Lenders) of the conditions set forth in Section 4 below, the Security Agreement is hereby amended as follows: 
 
 (a)	 Section 4.01 Delivery and Other Perfection of the Security Agreement is hereby amended by amending and restating each of clause (c)(ii) and clause (c)(iii) thereof in its entirety as follows: 
 
 (ii) ensure at all times that all Federal A/R Accounts are subject to an arrangement whereby all funds on deposit therein automatically shall be swept at the end of each Business Day into an account over which Administrative Agent, on behalf of all the Secured Parties, has control (as defined in the UCC); and 
 
 (iii) (A) in the case of account debtors that make payments to such Grantor directly into an account, ensure that all such account debtors (1) other than Medicare, Medicaid or any other Federal government agency, are instructed to make such payments into a Deposit Account other than a Federal A/R Account, and (2) consisting of Medicare, Medicaid or any other Federal government agency, are instructed to make such payments into a Federal A/R Account, and (B) deposit all checks received directly by such Grantor from account 
 3 

debtors (1) other than Medicare, Medicaid or any other Federal government agency, into an account over which Administrative Agent, on behalf of all the Secured Parties, has control (as defined in the UCC), and (2) consisting of Medicare, Medicaid or any other Federal government agency, into a Federal A/R Account; 
 
 (b)	 Section 4.09 Application of Proceeds of the Security Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety as follows: 
 
 4.09 	Application of Proceeds . Except as otherwise herein expressly provided and except as provided below in this Section 4.09, the Proceeds of any collection, sale or other realization of all or any part of the Collateral pursuant hereto, and any other cash at the time held by Administrative Agent or the Secured Parties under this Section 4, shall be applied by Administrative Agent or the Secured Parties (as the case may be): 
 
 First , to the payment of the costs and expenses of such collection, sale or other realization, including reasonable out-of-pocket costs and expenses of the Secured Parties and the fees and expenses of their agents and counsel, and all expenses incurred and advances made by the Secured Parties in connection therewith; 
 
 Next , to the payment in full of the Secured Obligations (other than contingent indemnification obligations for which no claim has been made) in such order as set forth in the Loan Agreement; and 
 
 Finally , to the payment to the respective Grantor, or its successors or assigns, or as a court of competent jurisdiction may direct, of any surplus then remaining. 
 
 (c)	 Section 4.11 Perfection and Recordation of the Security Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety as follows: 
 
 4.11	Perfection and Recordation . Each Grantor authorizes Administrative Agent, on behalf of all the Secured Parties, to file Uniform Commercial Code financing statements describing the Collateral as all assets or all personal property and fixtures of such Grantor (provided that no such description shall be deemed to modify the description of Collateral set forth in Section 3). 
 
 (d)	 Section 4.13 Further Assurances of the Security Agreement is hereby amended by amending and restating the second sentence thereof in its entirety as follows: 
 
 Each Grantor will promptly cause any subsequently acquired or organized Subsidiary required pursuant to the Loan Agreement to guarantee the Secured Obligations to take such action as shall be necessary to ensure that it is a Subsidiary Guarantor in accordance with Section 8.12 of the Loan Agreement and enter into such other security agreements and take such other actions as may be required or reasonably requested by Administrative Agent in order for Administrative Agent, on behalf of all the Secured Parties, to have a valid first priority Lien on and security interest in all of the assets of such Subsidiary (in each case, subject to Permitted Liens). 
 
 SECTION 4.	Conditions to Effectiveness . The effectiveness of this Amendment and Section 2 and Section 3 hereof shall be subject to the satisfaction of each of the following conditions precedent (the date on which all such conditions precedent are satisfied (or waived by the Lenders), the Amendment Effective Date ): 
 4 

(a) Administrative Agent shall have received, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to it and Lenders, this Amendment duly executed by Borrower, Administrative Agent and all of the Lenders party to the Loan Agreement as required by Section 13.04 of the Loan Agreement, and by each Grantor and Administrative Agent, as required by Section 5.03 of the Security Agreement. 

(b) Borrower shall have paid or reimbursed Administrative Agent and the Lenders for all of their reasonable out-of-pocket costs and expenses (including all reasonable fees, expenses and disbursements of counsel to Administrative Agent, directly to such counsel if requested by Administrative Agent) in connection with the negotiation and preparation of this Amendment, pursuant to Section 13.03(a)(i)(z) of the Loan Agreement. 

(c) The representations and warranties in Section 5 shall be true in all material respects on the date hereof and on the date on which each of the foregoing conditions is satisfied. 

(d) Administrative Agent shall have received an updated organizational chart showing the current structure of the Obligors and their Subsidiaries as of the Amendment Effective Date. 

(e) Administrative Agent shall have received all documentation and other information regarding the Obligors requested in connection with applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the USA PATRIOT Act. 

(f) Administrative Agent shall have received such other assurances, certificates, documents, information, consents or opinions as Administrative Agent or the Lenders reasonably may require. 

SECTION 5.	Representations and Warranties . Each Obligor hereby represents and warrants to Administrative Agent and each Lender as follows: 
 
 (a)	Such Obligor has full power, authority and legal right to make and perform this Amendment, the Loan Agreement, as modified by this Amendment (the Amended Loan Agreement and the Security Agreement, as modified by this Amendment (the Amended Security Agreement ). Each of this Amendment, the Amended Loan Agreement and the Amended Security Agreement is within such Obligor s corporate or equivalent powers and has been duly authorized by all necessary corporate or equivalent action and, if required, by all necessary shareholder action. This Amendment has been duly executed and delivered by such Obligor and each of this Amendment, the Amended Loan Agreement and the Amended Security Agreement constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of such Obligor, enforceable against such Obligor in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by (a) bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws of general applicability affecting the enforcement of creditors rights and (b) the application of general principles of equity (regardless of whether such enforceability is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law). 
 
 (b)	None of this Amendment, the Amended Loan Agreement and the Amended Security Agreement (w) requires any consent or approval of, registration or filing with, or any other action by, any Governmental Authority or any third party, except for such as have been obtained or made and are in full force and effect, (x) violates any applicable law or regulation in any material respect or the charter, bylaws or other organizational documents of Parent and its Subsidiaries, (y) violated any order of any Governmental Authority and (z) violated or result in a default under any indenture, agreement or other instrument binding upon Parent and its Subsidiaries or assets, or give rise to a right thereunder to require any payment to be made by any such Person. 
 
 (c)	After giving effect hereto, all of the representations and warranties contained in the Loan 
 5 

Agreement, the Security Agreement and the other Loan Documents are true and correct in all material respects (except that such materiality qualifier shall not be applicable to any representations and warranties that already are qualified or modified by materiality in the text thereof) on and as of the date hereof, as though made on and as of the date hereof (except to the extent that such representations and warranties relate solely to an earlier date, in which case such representations and warranties shall be true and correct in all material respects (except that such materiality qualifier shall not be applicable to any representations and warranties that already are qualified or modified by materiality in the text thereof) as of such earlier date). 
 
 (d)	No Default or Event of Default has occurred or is continuing or will result after giving effect to this Amendment. 
 
 (e)	There has been no Material Adverse Effect since the date of the Loan Agreement. 
 
 (f)	All representations and warranties made in this Amendment or any other document furnished in connection with this Amendment shall survive the execution and delivery of this Amendment and the other documents, and no investigation by Administrative Agent or any closing shall affect the representations and warranties or the right of Administrative Agent to rely upon them. 
 
 SECTION 6.	Reaffirmation . Each Obligor (a) agrees that the transactions contemplated by this Amendment shall not limit or diminish the obligations of such Person under, or release such Person from any obligations under, the Loan Agreement, the Security Agreement and each other Loan Document to which it is a party, (b) confirms, ratifies and reaffirms its obligations under the Loan Agreement, the Security Agreement, each other Security Document and each other Loan Document to which it is a party, (c) agrees that, except as otherwise expressly agreed in this Amendment, the Loan Agreement, the Security Agreement, each other Security Document and each other Loan Document to which it is a party remain in full force and effect and are hereby ratified and confirmed, (d) agrees that the Liens created and provided for by the Loan Documents continue to secure, among other things, the Obligations arising under the Loan Agreement, and (e) agrees that the Loan Documents and the rights and remedies of Administrative Agent thereunder, the obligations of the Obligors thereunder, and the Liens created and provided for thereunder remain in full force and effect and shall not be affected, impaired or discharged hereby. Nothing herein contained shall in any manner affect or impair the priority of the liens and security interests created and provided for by the Loan Documents as to the indebtedness which would be secured thereby prior to giving effect to this Amendment. 
 
 SECTION 7.	Governing Law; Submission to Jurisdiction; Waiver of Jury Trial. 
 
 (a) Governing Law . This Amendment and the rights and obligations of the parties hereunder shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the law of the State of New York, without regard to principles of conflicts of laws that would result in the application of the laws of any other jurisdiction; provided that Section 5-1401 of the New York General Obligations Law shall apply. 

(b) Submission to Jurisdiction . Each Obligor agrees that any suit, action or proceeding with respect to this Agreement or any other Loan Document to which it is a party or any judgment entered by any court in respect thereof may be brought initially in any court of the State of New York sitting in New York County (Borough of Manhattan) or of the United States for the Southern District of New York or in the courts of its own corporate domicile and irrevocably submits to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of each such court for the purpose of any such suit, action, proceeding or judgment. This Section 7 is for the benefit of Administrative Agent and Lenders only and, as a result, none of Administrative Agent or any Lender shall be prevented from taking proceedings in any other courts with jurisdiction. To the extent allowed by applicable Laws, Administrative Agent and Lenders may take concurrent proceedings in any number of 

6 

jurisdictions. 

(c) Waiver of Jury Trial . Each Obligor, Administrative Agent and each Lender hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any and all right to trial by jury in any suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Amendment, the other Loan Documents or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby. 

SECTION 8.	Miscellaneous. 
 
 (a) No Waiver . Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to constitute a waiver of compliance with any term or condition contained in the Loan Agreement, the Security Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents or constitute a course of conduct or dealing among the parties. Except as expressly stated herein, Administrative Agent and Lenders reserve all rights, privileges and remedies under the Loan Documents (including, without limitation, all such rights, privileges and remedies with respect to any Default, Event of Default or Material Adverse Effect, whether or not communicated to Lenders or Administrative Agent). Except as amended hereby, the Loan Agreement, the Security Agreement and other Loan Documents remain unmodified and in full force and effect. All references in the Loan Documents to the Loan Agreement shall be deemed to be references to the Loan Agreement as amended hereby and all references in the Loan Documents to the Security Agreement shall be deemed to be references to the Security Agreement as amended hereby. 

(b) Severability . In case any provision of or obligation under this Amendment shall be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions or obligations, or of such provision or obligation in any other jurisdiction, shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby. 

(c) Headings . Headings and captions used in this Amendment (including the Exhibits, Schedules and Annexes hereto, if any) are included for convenience of reference only and shall not be given any substantive effect. 

(d) Integration . This Amendment constitutes a Loan Document and, together with the other Loan Documents, incorporates all negotiations of the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and is the final expression and agreement of the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof. 

(e) Counterparts . This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts, all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same instrument and any of the parties hereto may execute this Amendment by signing any such counterpart. Executed counterparts delivered by facsimile or other electronic transmission (e.g., PDF or TIF shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart. 

(f) Controlling Provisions . In the event of any inconsistencies between the provisions of this Amendment and the provisions of any other Loan Document, the provisions of this Amendment shall govern and prevail. 

[ Remainder of page intentionally left blank ] 

7 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be duly executed and delivered as of the day and year first above written. 
 
 Borrower : 
 Alignment Healthcare USA, LLC 
 By:	 /s/ Thomas Freeman	 
 	Name: Thomas Freeman 
 	Title: Chief Financial Officer 
 Holdings: 
 Alignment healthcare 
 Holdco 2, LLC 
 By:	 /s/ Thomas Freeman	 
 	Name: Thomas Freeman 
 	Title: Chief Financial Officer 
 Healthcare Holdco: 
 Alignment healthcare 
 Holdco 1, LLC 
 By:	 /s/ Thomas Freeman	 
 	Name: Thomas Freeman 
 	Title: Chief Financial Officer 
 Parent: 
 Alignment healthcare, Inc. 
 By:	 /s/ Thomas Freeman	 
 	Name: Thomas Freeman 
 	Title: Chief Financial Officer 

Subsidiary Guarantors : 
 Alignment Health Advisors, LLC 
 By:	 /s/ Thomas Freeman	 
 	Name: Thomas Freeman 
 	Title: Chief Financial Officer 
 secure health holdings, llc 
 By:	 /s/ Thomas Freeman	 
 	Name: Thomas Freeman 
 	Title: Chief Financial Officer 

Administrative Agent 
 Oxford Finance LLC 
 By:	 /s/ Colette H. Featherly	 
 	Name: Colette H. Featherly 
 	Title: Senior Vice President 

Lenders : 
 Oxford Finance LLC , as a Lender 
 By:	 /s/ Colette H. Featherly	 
 	Name: Colette H. Featherly 
 	Title: Senior Vice President 
 OXFORD FINANCE CREDIT FUND II LP, as a Lender 
 By: Oxford Finance Advisors, LLC, its manager 
 By:	 /s/ Colette H. Featherly	 
 	Name: Colette H. Featherly 
 	Title: Senior Vice President 
 OXFORD FINANCE CREDIT FUND III LP, as a Lender 
 By: Oxford Finance Advisors, LLC, its manager 
 By:	 /s/ Colette H. Featherly	 
 	Name: Colette H. Featherly 
 	Title: Senior Vice President 

Oxford Finance FUNDING XV, LLC 
 By:	 /s/ Colette H. Featherly	 
 	Name: Colette H. Featherly 
 	Title: Secretary 
 OXFORD FINANCE funding iii, llc 
 By:	 /s/ Colette H. Featherly	 
 	Name: Colette H. Featherly 
 	Title: Secretary 
 OXFORD FINANCE FUNDING IX, LLC 
 By:	 /s/ Colette H. Featherly	 
 	Name: Colette H. Featherly 
 	Title: Secretary 
 
 OXFORD FINANCE FUNDING xiii, LLC 
 By:	 /s/ Colette H. Featherly	 
 	Name: Colette H. Featherly 
 	Title: Secretary 
 
 OXFORD FINANCE FUNDING xii, LLC 
 By:	 /s/ Colette H. Featherly	 
 	Name: Colette H. Featherly 
 	Title: Secretary 

Lenders : 
 RUNWAY GROWTH FINANCE L.P. , as a Lender 
 By:	 /s/ Thomas Raterman	 
 	Name: Thomas Raterman 
 	Title: Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-10>

<EX-10>
 3
 alhc-ex10_12.htm
 EX-10.12

EX-10 

Exhibit 10.12 

EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT BETWEEN 
 ALIGNMENT HEALTHCARE USA, LLC AND 
 RICHARD CROSS MARCH 26, 2021 

EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT 
 
 THIS EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT is made and entered into effective as of March 26, 2021 (the Effective Date ), by and between Alignment Healthcare USA, LLC, a California corporation (the Employer ), and Richard Cross (the Employee ). 
 
 WHEREAS, the Employer desires to continue to employ the Employee, and the Employee desires to accept such employment, on the terms and subject to the conditions hereinafter set forth; 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the covenants contained herein and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows. 
 
 1. Definitions . Generally, defined terms used in this Agreement are defined in the first instance in which they appear herein. In addition, the following terms and phrases have the following meanings: 

Affiliate means, when used with reference to a specified Person, (a) any Person who directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by or is under common control with the specified Person, (b) any Person who is an officer, director, partner, member, manager or trustee of, or serves in a similar capacity with respect to, the specified Person, or for which the specified Person is an officer, director, partner, member or manager or trustee or serves in a similar capacity, (c) any Person who, directly or indirectly, is the beneficial owner of 10 or more of any class of equity securities of the specified Person, or of which the specified Person, directly or indirectly, is the owner of 10 or more of any class of equity securities and (d) any member of such specified Person s immediate family. 
 
 Board means the board of directors of Alignment Healthcare, Inc. or any other Person the Board has appointed or delegated authority. 
 
 Cause means the Employee s: 
 
 (i) failure to devote substantially all of Employee s working time to the business of the Employer and its Affiliates (other than such failure resulting from incapacity due to physical or mental illness); 

(ii) willful disregard of Employee s duties, or Employee s intentional failure to act where the taking of such action would be in the ordinary course of the Employee s duties hereunder (other than such failure resulting from incapacity due to physical or mental illness), provided that the Employee is first given 30 days prior written notice of such conduct in order for the Employee to cure such alleged conduct during such period of time; 

(iii) willful violation or breach of the provisions, representations or covenants of Sections 10, 11, 15 or 16(a); 

(iv) gross negligence or willful misconduct in the performance of Employee s duties hereunder; 

(v) commission of any act of fraud, theft or embezzlement, or any felony or criminal act involving moral turpitude; or 

(vi) unlawful use (including being under the influence) of alcohol or drugs or possession of illegal drugs while on the premises of the Employer or any of its Affiliates or while performing duties and responsibilities to the Employer and its Affiliates. 

Confidential Information means all proprietary and other information relating to the business and operations of the Employer and its Affiliates, which has not been specifically designated for release to the public by an authorized representative of the Employer or one of its Affiliates, including, but not limited to the following: (i) information, observations, procedures and data concerning the business or affairs of the Employer or any of its Affiliates; (ii) products or services; (iii) costs and pricing structures; 
 (iv) analyses; (v) drawings, photographs and reports; (vi) computer software, including operating systems, applications and program listings; (vii) flow charts, manuals and documentation; (viii) data bases; (ix) accounting and business methods; (x) inventions, devices, new developments, methods and processes, whether patentable or unpatentable and whether or not reduced to practice; (xi) customers, vendors, suppliers and customer, vendor and supplier lists; (xii) business goals, plans, techniques and strategies; (xiii) other copyrightable works; (xiv) all production methods, processes, technology and trade secrets; and (xv) all similar and related information in whatever form. Confidential Information also includes any information that the Employer or any of its Affiliates have received, or may receive hereafter, belonging to customers or other third parties with any understanding, express or implied, that the information would not be disclosed. Confidential Information will not include any information that has been published in a form generally available to the public prior to the date the Employee proposes to disclose or use such information (through no wrongful act of the Employee). Confidential Information will not be deemed to have been published merely because individual portions of the information have been separately published, but only if all material features comprising such information have been published in combination. 
 
 Disability means the Employee s inability, due to physical or mental illness or disability, to perform the essential functions of Employee s employment with the Employer, even with reasonable accommodation that does not impose an undue hardship on the Employer, for more than 60 consecutive days, or for any 90 days within any one year period, unless a longer period is required by federal or state law, in which case such longer period will be applicable. The Employer reserves the right, in good faith, to make the determination of Disability under this Agreement based on information supplied by the Employee and/or Employee s medical personnel, as well as information from medical personnel selected by the Employer or its insurers. 
 
 Employer has the meaning set forth in the preamble; provided that, for purposes of Sections 8 through 15 , Employer includes Alignment Healthcare, Inc. and all of its Subsidiaries and Affiliates. All references in this Agreement to Alignment 
 
 2 

3 

Healthcare, Inc. shall refer to Alignment Healthcare Holdings, LLC prior to its conversion into Alignment Healthcare, Inc. unless the context indicates otherwise. 
 
 Good Reason means: 
 
 (i) a material reduction during any 24 consecutive month period in Base Salary (as that term is defined in Section 4(a) or in the Employee s annual total cash compensation opportunity i.e. , Base Salary and Target Bonus Percentage (as that term is defined in Section 4(b) ), but excluding any reduction applicable to management employees generally; 

(ii) a material breach by the Employer of this Agreement; or 

(iii) a change by Employer to the Employee s principal work location to a location more than 50 miles from the Employee s prior work location and more than 50 miles from the Employee s principal residence as of the date of such change in work location. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this definition, Good Reason shall not exist 
 (A) if the Employee has in Employee s sole discretion agreed in writing that such event shall not be Good Reason or (B) unless, (I) within 60 days of the occurrence of the events claimed to be Good Reason the Employee notifies the Employer in writing of the reasons why Employee believes that Good Reason exists, (II) the Employer has failed to correct the circumstance that would otherwise be Good Reason within 60 days of receipt of such notice, and (III) the Employee terminates Employee s employment within 60 days following such 30-day period (the date of such resignation, the Early Resignation Date ). 
 
 Person shall be construed broadly and shall include, without limitation, an individual, a partnership, an investment fund, a limited liability company, a corporation, an association, a joint stock company, a trust, a joint venture, an unincorporated organization and a governmental entity or any department, agency or political subdivision thereof. 
 
 Subsidiary or Subsidiaries of any Person means any corporation, partnership, joint venture or other legal entity of which such Person (either alone or through or together with any other Person), owns, directly or indirectly, 50 or more of the stock or other equity interests which are generally entitled to vote for the election of the board of directors or other governing body of such corporation or other legal entity. 
 
 Termination Date means the effective date of the termination of the Employee s employment hereunder, which (i) in the case of termination due to resignation by the Employee without Good Reason, shall mean the date that is 90 days following the date of the Employee s written notice to the Employer of Employee s resignation, or in the case of resignation by the Employee with Good Reason, shall mean the Early Resignation Date, provided, however, that in each case the Employer may accelerate the Termination Date; (ii) in the case of termination by reason of the Employee s death, shall mean the date of death; (iii) in the case of termination by reason of Disability, shall mean the date 

4 

specified in the notice of such termination delivered to the Employee by the Employer; (iv) in the case of a termination by the Employer for Cause or without Cause, shall mean the date specified in the written notice of such termination delivered to the Employee by the Employer; (iv) in the case of termination by mutual agreement, shall mean the date mutually agreed to by the parties hereto, (v) in the case of termination due to either party s delivery to the other party of a Notice of Nonrenewal pursuant to Section 2 , shall mean the next scheduled Renewal Date to which the Notice of Nonrenewal relates. 
 
 2. Employment . The Employer shall employ the Employee, and the Employee accepts employment with the Employer, upon the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement. The initial term of this Agreement (the Initial Term shall commence on the Effective Date and end on the first annual anniversary of the Effective Date; provided, however, that on the first annual anniversary of the date hereof and each annual anniversary thereafter (each, a Renewal Date ), the term of this Agreement shall be extended by one additional year (each, an Extension Term , and collectively with the Initial Term, the Employment Period unless either party gives written notice to the other within 90 days in advance of the next scheduled Renewal Date that it does not wish to extend the Employment Period (such notice, a Notice of Nonrenewal ); and provided, further, that the Employment Period may be sooner terminated as provided herein. 

3. Position and Duties . During the Employment Period, the Employee shall serve as Senior Vice President, General Counsel of the Employer and as Senior Vice President, General Counsel of Alignment Healthcare, Inc., reporting to the Chief Legal and Risk Management Officer of Employer, and shall have the usual and customary duties, responsibilities and authority of such position, and, if elected or appointed thereto, shall serve as an officer and/or member of the board or any Subsidiary or Affiliate of the Employer as reasonably requested by the Employer and its Affiliates, in each case, without additional compensation hereunder. The Employee hereby accepts such employment and positions and agrees to diligently and conscientiously devote Employee s full and exclusive business time, attention, and best efforts in discharging and fulfilling Employee s duties and responsibilities hereunder. The Employee shall comply with the Employer s policies and procedures and the direction and instruction of the Board and the Employee shall not engage in any business activity which, in the reasonable judgment of the Board, conflicts with the duties of the Employee hereunder, whether or not such activity is pursued for gain, profit or other pecuniary advantage. 

4. Compensation . 

(a) Salary . During the Employment Period, the Employer shall pay the Employee base salary at the rate of 350,000 per annum (as may be increased from time to time at the discretion of the Employer, the Base Salary ), less applicable deductions and withholdings. 

(b) Performance Bonus . In addition to the Base Salary, during the Employment Period, the Employee shall be eligible to receive a cash bonus (the Bonus with respect to each calendar year as of the last day of which the Employee is employed by the Employer. The amount of the Bonus, if any, payable in respect of any calendar year 

5 

will be determined based on the achievement of performance goals established for the Employee by the Board or compensation committee of the Board (the Compensation Committee within the first 90 days of such year (or with respect to the first calendar year hereunder, within the first 30 days of the commencement of the Employment Period) (the Performance Targets ). The target Bonus (the Target Bonus Percentage and the maximum Bonus (the Maximum Bonus Percentage in respect of each calendar year will equal 50 and 100 , respectively, of the Base Salary payable to the Employee for such year or such other metrics as may be set by the Compensation Committee. Performance Targets may be based on quantitative performance objectives for the Employer or one or more of its Affiliates or Subsidiaries or business units or divisions thereof, and/or may be based on individual quantitative or qualitative performance objectives or any combination of the foregoing. The calculation of the achievement of Performance Targets for each year shall be determined by the Board or Compensation Committee thereof in its good faith discretion. For the avoidance of doubt, the Bonus in respect of calendar year 2021 shall be prorated such that the Bonus for the period of (i) January 1, 2021 through March 25, 2021 shall be based on a Base Salary equal to 325,000 per annum and a Target Bonus Percentage and Maximum Bonus Percentage equal to 25 and 50 , respectively, and (ii) March 26, 2021 through December 31, 2021 shall be based on a Base Salary equal to 
 350,000 per annum and a Target Bonus Percentage and Maximum Bonus Percentage equal to 50 and 100 , respectively. The Bonus, if any, payable with respect to a calendar year shall be paid within 30 days following the rendering of the Employer s audited financial statements for the relevant calendar year, but not later than June 1 st of the year immediately following such relevant calendar year, provided that (except as set forth in Section 6 the Employee remains employed with the Employer or one of its Affiliates through the applicable payment date. 
 
 (c) Employee Benefits . During the Employment Period, retirement, health and welfare benefits shall be subject to the Employer s policies and practices and the terms of the applicable benefit plans and arrangements as in effect from time to time. The Employee shall accrue paid-time off at the rate of five (5) weeks per twelve (12) months of employment. 

(d) Reimbursements . The Employer shall reimburse the Employee for all reasonable and necessary business-related expenses incurred by Employee in the course of performing Employee s duties under this Agreement which are consistent the Employer s policies in effect from time to time with respect to travel, entertainment and other business expenses, subject to the Employer s requirements with respect to reporting and documentation of such expenses. 

(e) Deductions and Withholding . The Employer shall deduct from any payments to be made by it to or on behalf of the Employee under this Agreement any amounts required to be withheld in respect of any federal, state or local income or other taxes. 

(f) Annual Review of Base Salary and Bonus Percentages . The Board (or the Compensation Committee) shall undertake a review of rate of Base Salary and the Target Bonus Percentage and Maximum Bonus Percentage (the Bonus Percentages not 

6 

less frequently than annually during the Employment Period and may increase, but not decrease, the rate of Base Salary and the Bonus Percentages from those then in effect. 
 
 5. Termination of Employment .	The Employee s employment under this Agreement shall be terminated upon the earliest to occur of the following events: 

(a) Termination for Cause . The Employer may in its sole discretion terminate this Agreement and the Employee s employment hereunder for Cause at any time and with or without advance notice to the Employee. 

(b) Termination without Cause . The Employer may terminate this Agreement and the Employee s employment hereunder without Cause at any time, with or without notice, for any reason or no reason (and no reason need be given). 

(c) Mutual Agreement . This Agreement and the Employee s employment hereunder may be terminated by the mutual written agreement of the Employer and the Employee. 

(d) Termination by Death or Disability . This Agreement and the Employee s employment hereunder shall automatically terminate upon the Employee s death or Disability. 

(e) Resignation . The Employee may terminate this Agreement and Employee s employment hereunder without Good Reason upon 90 days advance written notice to the Employer. In addition, the Employee may terminate this Agreement and Employee s employment hereunder with Good Reason as of the Early Resignation Date. 

(f) Nonrenewal . If either party delivers to the other a Notice of Nonrenewal, this Agreement and the Employee s employment hereunder shall automatically terminate as of the next scheduled Renewal Date to which the Notice of Nonrenewal relates. 

6. Compensation upon Termination . 

(a) General . In the event of the Employee s termination of employment for any reason, the Employee or Employee s estate or beneficiaries shall have the right to receive the following: 

(i) the unpaid portion of the Base Salary and paid time off accrued and payable through the Termination Date; 

(ii) reimbursement for any expenses for which the Employee shall not have been previously reimbursed, as provided in Section 4(d) ; and 

(iii) continuation of health insurance coverage rights, if any, as required under applicable law. 

7 

(b) Termination for Cause; Resignation without Good Reason; Mutual Agreement; Nonrenewal by the Employee; Death or Disability . 

(i) In the event of the Employee s termination of employment by reason of (A) a termination by the Employer for Cause, (B) resignation by the Employee without Good Reason or (C) mutual agreement, the Employer shall have no current or further obligations (including Base Salary) to the Employee under this Agreement other than as set forth in Section 6(a) . 

(ii) In the event of the Employee s termination of employment by reason of (A) the Employee s death, (B) the Employee s Disability or (C) delivery by the Employee of a Notice of Nonrenewal, the Employer shall have no current or further obligations (including Base Salary) to the Employee under this Agreement other than as set forth in Section 6(a) and payment of any Bonus for any calendar year preceding the calendar year in which termination occurs which has not yet been paid, payable at the time bonuses for such calendar year are otherwise payable to senior executives of the Employer Prior Year Bonus ). 

(c) Termination without Cause, Resignation with Good Reason or Nonrenewal by the Employer . In the event of the Employee s termination of employment hereunder by reason of (i) a termination by the Employer without Cause, (ii) resignation by the Employee with Good Reason or (iii) delivery by the Employer of a Notice of Nonrenewal, the Employer shall pay or provide to the Employee the payments and benefits set forth in Section 6(a) and payment of any Prior Year Bonus. In addition, subject to the Employee s execution and non-revocation of a customary general waiver and release of claims in such form as provided by the Employer (a Release in accordance with Section 6(d) and the Employee s continued full performance of obligations under Sections 10 and 11 , and in lieu of any severance benefits that may be payable to the Employee under a separate severance agreement or an executive severance plan as a result of such termination, the Employer shall pay or provide to the Employee the following (the Severance Benefits ): 

(i) severance pay in an aggregate amount equal to one (1.0) times the sum of (1) Base Salary plus (2) the Target Bonus Percentage, paid in substantially equal installments over the 12-month period following the Termination Date in accordance with the Employer s normal payroll practices; 

(ii) a pro rata amount of the Bonus, if any, which would have been payable to the Employee for the calendar year in which the Termination Date occurs, determined after the end of the calendar year in which such Termination Date occurs and equal to the amount which would have been payable to the Employee if Employee s employment had not been terminated during such calendar year multiplied by the fraction, the numerator of which is the number of whole months the Employee was employed by the Employer during such calendar year and the denominator of which is 12; it being understood that any pro rata bonus payable under this clause (ii) shall be paid in a lump sum at the time bonuses for such calendar year are otherwise payable to senior executives of the Employer; and 

8 

(iii) if the Employee elects COBRA benefits, the Employer shall pay or reimburse the Employee s share of the premium for such COBRA benefits until the earlier of (A) expiration of the 12-month period following the Termination Date; or (B) the date that the Employee is eligible to receive health benefits through new employment; it being understood that (x) the Employee is required to notify the Employer immediately if Employee begins new employment during such period and to repay promptly any excess benefits contributions made by the Employer; and (y) after the Employer s payment or reimbursement obligation ends, the Employee may continue benefits coverage for the remainder of the COBRA period, if any, by paying the full premium cost of such benefits. 

(d) Release Condition . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, to the extent that any payments due under this Agreement as a result of the termination of the Employee s employment are subject to the Employee s execution and delivery of a Release, (i) no such payments shall be made prior to the first normal payroll date of the Employer occurring on or after the Release Effective Date, (ii) the Employer shall deliver the Release to the Employee within ten business days following the Termination Date, (iii) if the Employee fails to execute the Release on or prior to the Release Expiration Date (as defined below) or the Employee timely revokes Employee s acceptance of the Release within the seven day period following the Release Expiration Date, the Employee shall not be entitled to the Severance Benefits otherwise conditioned on the Release, and (iv) if the Employee executes the Release on or prior to the Release Expiration Date and does not timely revoke Employee s acceptance of the Release within the seven day period following the Release Expiration Date, any Severance Benefits that would otherwise have been paid to the Employee prior to the first normal payroll date of the Employer occurring on or after the Release Effective Date but for clause (i) above shall be paid on the first normal payroll date of the Employer occurring on or after the Release Effective Date. For purposes of this Section 6(d) , Release Expiration Date shall mean the date that is 21 days following the date upon which the Employer timely delivers the Release to the Employee, or, in the event that termination of the Employee s employment is in connection with an exit incentive or other employment termination program (as such phrase is defined in the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967), the date that is 45 days following such delivery date, and Release Effective Date shall mean the eighth day following the Release Expiration Date, provided that the Employee executes the Release on or prior to the Release Expiration Date and does not timely revoke Employee s acceptance of the Release within the seven day period following the Release Expiration Date. 

(e) Exclusive Remedy . The rights of the Employee set forth in this Section 6 are intended to be the Employee s exclusive remedy for termination and any severance benefits related thereto and, to the greatest extent permitted by applicable law, the Employee waives all other remedies. 

7. Insurance . The Employer or one of its Affiliates may, for its own benefit, maintain key man life and disability insurance policies covering the Employee. The Employee will cooperate with the Employer or its Affiliates and provide such information or other assistance as they may reasonably request in connection with obtaining and maintaining such policies. 

9 

8. The Employee s Termination Obligations . The Employee hereby acknowledges and agrees that all personal property and equipment furnished to or prepared by the Employee in the course of or incident to Employee s employment hereunder belongs to the Employer and shall be promptly returned to the Employer upon termination of the Employee s employment or, at any event, at the Employer s request. The term personal property includes, without limitation, all office equipment, laptop computers, cell phones, books, manuals, records, reports, notes, contracts, requests for proposals, bids, lists, blueprints, and other documents, or materials, or copies thereof (including computer files), and all other proprietary and non-proprietary information relating to the business of the Employer. Following termination of Employee s employment hereunder, the Employee will not retain any written or other tangible material containing any proprietary or non- proprietary information of the Employer. 

9. Acknowledgment of Protectable Interests . The Employee acknowledges and agrees that Employee s employment with the Employer involves building and maintaining business relationships and good will on behalf of the Employer with customers, patients, physicians and other professional contractors, employees and staff, and various providers and users of health care services; that Employee is entrusted with proprietary, strategic and other confidential information which is of special value to the Employer; and that the foregoing matters are significant interests that the Employer is entitled to protect. 

10. Confidential Information . All Confidential Information that comes or has come into the Employee s possession by reason of Employee s employment hereunder is the property of the Employer and shall not be used except in the course of employment by the Employer and for the Employer s exclusive benefit. Further, the Employee shall not, during Employee s employment or thereafter, disclose or acknowledge the content of any Confidential Information to any person who is not an employee of the Employer authorized to possess such Confidential Information. Upon termination of employment, the Employee shall deliver to the Employer all documents, writings, electronic storage devices, and other tangible things containing any Confidential Information and the Employee shall not make or retain copies, excerpts, or notes of such information. 

11. Restrictive Covenants . 

(a) During the Employment Period, the Employee shall not, directly or indirectly, without written approval by the Board, accept or perform any work, consulting, or other services for any other business entity or for remuneration of any kind. Without limiting the foregoing, during the Employment Period, the Employee shall not, directly or indirectly, without written approval by the Board, engage in activities or businesses (including, without limitation, owning any interest in, managing, controlling, participating in, consulting with, advising, rendering services for, or in any manner engaging in the business of owning, operating or managing any business) that are principally or primarily involved in holding, managing or acquiring investments in the healthcare industry or other similar business in which the Employer is engaged (or so engage with, for or on behalf of any customer of the Employer), provided, however, that neither (i) the passive ownership by the Employee of not more than 2.0 of the outstanding equity securities of a publicly 

10 

traded company nor (ii) the Employee s ownership of the securities or interests described on Schedule 1 shall constitute a violation of this Section 11(a) . If the Employee acquires knowledge of a business venture which may be a business venture or prospective business venture Corporate Opportunity in which the Employer could have an interest or expectancy, or otherwise is exploiting any Corporate Opportunity, the Employee shall promptly bring such opportunity to the Employer. The Employee shall not have the right to hold any such Corporate Opportunity for Employee s own account or benefit (or for the account or benefit of Employee s agents , partners or Affiliates ), or to recommend, assign or otherwise transfer or deal in such Corporate Opportunity with Persons other than the Employer. 
 
 (b) During the Employment Period and for a period of one year thereafter, the Employee shall not, directly or indirectly, solicit, induce or encourage any employee of the Employer to terminate Employee s employment with the Employer or hire or attempt to hire any employee of the Employer. 

(c) During the Employment Period and for a period of one year thereafter, the Employee shall not, directly or indirectly, use the Employer s Confidential Information to induce, attempt to induce or knowingly encourage any Customer (as defined below) of the Employer to divert any business or income from the Employer, or to stop or alter the manner in which it is then doing business with the Employer. The term Customer with respect to the Employer shall mean any individual or business firm that is, or within the prior 24 months was, a customer or client of the Employer, or whose business was actively solicited by the Employer at any time, regardless of whether such customer or client was generated, in whole or in part, by the Employee s efforts. 

(d) During the Employment Period and thereafter, the Employee shall not make any disparaging statement concerning the Employer or its Affiliates, or their respective predecessors and successors, or any of the current or former directors, employees, officers, managers, shareholders, partners, members, agents or representatives of any of the foregoing (the Protected Persons to the extent such statement could be reasonably likely to damage the reputation and/or financial position of any of the Protected Persons. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing herein shall or shall be deemed to prevent or impair the Employee from (i) testifying truthfully in any legal or administrative proceeding if such testimony is compelled or requested, (ii) making competitive-type statements that are normal and customary for the industry in the context of product or service comparisons and the like, or (iii) making good faith statements in the good faith performance of the Employee s duties for the Employer or its Affiliates. 

(e) The Employee acknowledges that the provisions of Sections 10 and 11 are reasonable and necessary to protect the continuing interests of the Employer, and any violation of Sections 10 and 11 will result in irreparable injury to the Employer, the exact amount of which will be difficult to ascertain, and that the remedies at law for any such violation would not reasonably or adequately compensate the Employer for such violation. Accordingly, the Employee agrees that if the Employee violates any of the provision of Sections 10 and 11 , in addition to any other remedy that may be available at law or in equity, the Employer shall be entitled to specific performance and injunctive 

11 

relief, without the necessity of proving actual damages or posting of a bond or other security. 
 
 12. Damages For Improper Termination With Cause . If the Employer terminates this Agreement and the Employee s employment hereunder for Cause, but it subsequently is determined by a court of competent jurisdiction, as the case may be, that the Employer did not have Cause for the termination, then for purposes of this Agreement, the Employer s decision to terminate shall be deemed to have been a termination without Cause, and the Employer shall be obligated to pay the Severance Benefits specified under Section 6(c) , and, subject to Section 24 hereof, only that amount. 

13. Arbitration . 

(a) Except as provided in Section 13(b) below, any controversy or dispute arising out of, based upon, or relating to this Agreement, its enforcement or interpretation, or because of an alleged breach, default, or misrepresentation in connection with any of its provisions, or arising out of, based upon, or relating in any way to the Employee s employment or association with the Employer, or termination of the same, including, without limiting the generality of the foregoing, any questions regarding whether a particular dispute is arbitrable, and any alleged violation of statute, common law or public policy, including, but not limited to, any state or federal statutory claims, shall be submitted to final and binding arbitration in Orange County, California, in accordance with the JAMS Employment Arbitration Rules and Procedures, before a single neutral arbitrator selected from the JAMS panel, or if JAMS is no longer able to supply the arbitrator, such arbitrator shall be selected from the American Arbitration Association, in accordance with its National Rules for the Resolution of Employment Disputes (the arbitrator selected hereunder, the Arbitrator ). Provisional injunctive relief may, but need not, be sought by either party to this Agreement in a court of law while arbitration proceedings are pending, pursuant to California Code of Civil Procedure section 1281.8, and any provisional injunctive relief granted by such court shall remain effective until the matter is finally determined by the Arbitrator. Final resolution of any dispute through arbitration may include any remedy or relief which the Arbitrator deems just and equitable, including any and all remedies provided by applicable state or federal statutes. At the conclusion of the arbitration, the Arbitrator shall issue a written decision that sets forth the essential findings and conclusions upon which the Arbitrator s award or decision is based. Any award or relief granted by the Arbitrator hereunder shall be final and binding on the parties hereto and may be enforced by any court of competent jurisdiction. To the extent permitted by law, the arbitrator s fees and arbitration expenses and any other costs associated with the arbitration or arbitration hearing that are unique to arbitration will be borne equally by each party. The parties shall each pay their own deposition, witness, expert and attorneys fees and other expenses as and to the same extent as if the matter were being heard in court, provided that the Arbitrator may in its discretion award costs to the prevailing party if it determines that to be appropriate. 

(b) Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Employee agrees that it would be difficult to measure any damages caused to the Employer which might result from any breach by the Employee of the covenants set forth in Sections 10, 11, 14 or 15, and that in 

12 

any event, money damages would be an inadequate remedy for any such breach. Accordingly, if the Employee has breached, breaches, or proposes to breach Sections 10, 11, 14 or 15, the Employer shall be entitled, in addition to all other remedies such party may have, to a temporary, preliminary or permanent injunction or other appropriate equitable relief to restrain any such breach without showing or proving any actual damage to the non-breaching party from any court having competent jurisdiction over either party. 
 
 (c) THE PARTIES HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVE ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL, INCLUDING ANY RIGHTS TO TRIAL BY JURY, IN ANY ACTION, PROCEEDING OR COUNTERCLAIM BROUGHT BY EITHER OF THE PARTIES AGAINST THE OTHER IN CONNECTION WITH ANY MATTER WHATSOEVER ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH THIS AGREEMENT OR THE PROVISION OF SERVICES UNDER THIS AGREEMENT. 

14. Cooperation . Upon the receipt of reasonable notice from the Employer (including from outside counsel to the Employer), the Employee agrees that while employed by the Employer and after the termination of the Employee s employment for any reason, the Employee will respond and provide information with regard to matters in which the Employee has knowledge as a result of the Employee s employment with the Employer, and will provide reasonable assistance to the Employer, its Affiliates and their respective representatives in defense of any claims that may be made against the Employer or its Affiliates, and will assist the Employer and its Affiliates in the prosecution of any claims that may be made by the Employer or its Affiliates, to the extent that such claims may relate to the period of the Employee s employment with the Employer, provided , that with respect to periods after the termination of the Employee s employment, the Employer shall reimburse the Employee for any reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred in providing such assistance and, with respect to any period in which the Employee is required to provide more than ten hours of assistance per week after Employee s termination of employment but is not receiving severance payments from the Employer or its Affiliates, and is not testifying, the Employer shall pay the Employee a reasonable amount of money for Employee s services at a reasonable rate agreed to between the Employer and the Employee; and provided further that after the Employee s termination of employment with the Employer, such assistance shall not unreasonably interfere with the Employee s business or personal obligations. The Employee agrees to promptly inform the Employer if the Employee becomes aware of any lawsuits involving such claims that may be filed or threatened against the Employer or its Affiliates. The Employee also agrees to promptly inform the Employer (to the extent the Employee is legally permitted to do so) if the Employee is asked to assist in any investigation of the Employer or its Affiliates (or their actions), regardless of whether a lawsuit or other proceeding has then been filed against the Employer or its Affiliates with respect to such investigation, and shall not do so unless legally required. 

15. Disclosure and Assignment of Inventions and Improvements . Without prejudice to any other duties express or implied imposed on the Employee hereunder it shall be part of the Employee s normal duties at all times to consider in what manner and by what methods or devices the products, services, processes, equipment or systems of the Employer and any customer or vendor of the Employer might be improved and promptly 

13 

to give to the Chief Executive Officer of the Employer or Employee s designee full details of any improvement, invention, research, development, discovery, design, code, model, suggestion or innovation (collectively called Work Product ), which the Employee (alone or with others) may make, discover, create or conceive in the course of the Employee s employment. The Employee acknowledges that the Work Product is the property of the Employer. To the extent that any of the Work Product is capable of protection by copyright, the Employee acknowledges that it is created within the scope of the Employee s employment and is a work made for hire. To the extent that any such material may not be a work made for hire, the Employee hereby assigns to the Employer all rights in such material. To the extent that any of the Work Product is an invention, discovery, process or other potentially patentable subject matter (the Inventions ), the Employee hereby assigns to the Employer all right, title, and interest in and to all Inventions. The Employer acknowledges that the assignment in the preceding sentence does not apply to an Invention that the Employee develops entirely on Employee s own time without using the Employer s equipment, supplies, facilities or trade secret information, except for those Inventions that either: 
 
 (i) relate at the time of conception or reduction to practice of the Invention to the Employer s business, or actual or demonstrably anticipated research or development of the Employer, or 

(ii) result from any work performed by the Employee for the Employer. 

Execution of this Agreement constitutes the Employee s acknowledgment of receipt of written notification of this Section 15 and of notice of the general exception to assignments of Inventions provided under the Uniform Employee Patents Act, in the form adopted by the state having jurisdiction over this Agreement or provision, or any comparable applicable law. 
 
 16. Representations and Warranties; Advice of Counsel . 

(a) The Employee represents and warrants that (i) Employee is under no contractual or other obligation that would prevent Employee from accepting the Employer s offer of employment as set forth herein, (ii) Employee has the full right, authority and capacity to enter into this Agreement and to perform Employee s obligations hereunder, (iii) the execution of this Agreement and the performance of Employee s obligations hereunder will not breach or be in conflict with any other agreement to which the Employee is a party or is bound, and (iv) the Employee is not now subject to, and has not previously violated, any lawful covenants against competition, solicitation, hire or similar covenants, any court order or other legal obligation, or other agreement that would affect the performance of Employee s obligations hereunder or would otherwise conflict with, prevent or restrict the full performance of Employee s duties and obligations to the Employer or any of its Affiliates before, during or after the Employment Period. The Employee covenants that Employee does not possess any confidential and/or proprietary business information belonging to any former employer and/or other entity or person, and that Employee will not use any such confidential and/or proprietary business information in connection with Employee s employment with Employer or any of its Affiliates. 

14 

15 

Employee expressly agrees that if Employee violates any prior agreement with any other person and/or entity, Employee is solely responsible for such breach and any consequences thereof. 
 
 (b) Prior to execution of this Agreement, the Employee was advised by the Employer of the Employee s right to seek independent advice from an attorney of the Employee s own selection regarding this Agreement. The Employee acknowledges that the Employee has entered into this Agreement knowingly and voluntarily and with full knowledge and understanding of the provisions of this Agreement after being given the opportunity to consult with counsel. The Employee further represents that in entering into this Agreement, the Employee is not relying on any statements or representations made by any of the directors, officers, employees or agents of the Employer or any of its Affiliates which are not expressly set forth herein, and that the Employee is relying only upon the Employee s own judgment and any advice provided by the Employee s attorney. 

17. Entire Agreement . This Agreement is intended by the parties to be the final expression of their agreement with respect to the employment of the Employee by the Employer and may not be contradicted by evidence of any prior or contemporaneous agreement (including, without limitation any term sheet or similar agreement entered into between the Employer or any Affiliate and the Employee). The parties further intend that this Agreement shall constitute the complete and exclusive statement of its terms and that no extrinsic evidence whatsoever may be introduced in any judicial, administrative, or other legal proceeding to vary the terms of this Agreement. 

18. No Other Representations . Except as expressly provided in this Agreement, 

(i) no person or entity has made or has the authority to make any representations or promises on behalf of any of the parties which are inconsistent with the representations or promises contained in this Agreement, and (ii) this Agreement has not been executed in reliance on any representations or promises not set forth herein. Specifically, no promises, warranties or representations have been made by anyone on any topic or subject matter related to the Employee s relationship with the Employer or any of its Affiliates or any of their executives or employees, including but not limited to any promises, warranties or representations regarding future employment, compensation, benefits, any entitlement to equity interests in the Employer or any of its Affiliates or regarding the termination of the Employee s employment. In this regard, the Employee agrees that no promises, warranties or representations shall be deemed to be made in the future unless they are set forth in writing and signed by an authorized representative of the Employer. 
 
 19. Amendments . This Agreement may be modified only by agreement of the parties by a written instrument executed by the parties that is designated as an amendment to this Agreement. 

20. Severability and Non-Waiver/Survival . Any provision of this Agreement (or portion thereof) which is deemed invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to that jurisdiction and subject to this Section 20 , be ineffective to the extent of such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability, without affecting in any way the remaining provisions thereof in such jurisdiction or rendering such provision or any other provision 

16 

of this Agreement invalid, illegal, or unenforceable in any other jurisdiction. If any covenant should be deemed invalid, illegal or unenforceable because its scope is considered excessive, such covenant shall be modified so that the scope of the covenant is reduced only to the minimum extent necessary to render the modified covenant valid, legal and enforceable. No waiver of any provision or violation of this Agreement by the Employer shall be implied by the Employer s forbearance or failure to take action. The expiration or termination of the Employment Period and this Agreement shall not impair the rights or obligations of any party hereto which shall have accrued hereunder prior to such expiration or termination. 
 
 21. Successor/Assigns . This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their respective heirs, representatives, executors, administrators, successors, and assigns, provided, however, that the Employee may not assign any or all of Employee s rights or duties hereunder. The Employee shall be entitled, to the extent permitted under applicable law, to select and change a beneficiary or beneficiaries to receive any compensation or benefit hereunder following the Employee s death by giving written notice thereof. In the event of the Employee s death or a judicial determination of Employee s incompetence, references in this Agreement to the Employee shall be deemed, where appropriate, to refer to Employee s beneficiary, estate or other legal representative. 

22. Voluntary and Knowledgeable Act . The Employee represents and warrants that the Employee has read and understands each and every provision of this Agreement and has freely and voluntarily entered into this Agreement. 

23. Choice of Law . This Agreement shall be construed and enforced under and be governed as to its validity and effect by the laws of the State of California without regard to the conflict of laws principles thereof. 

24. Attorneys Fees . If any dispute between the parties should result in litigation, the prevailing party in such dispute shall be entitled to recover from the other party all reasonable out-of-pocket fees, costs and expenses of enforcing any right of the prevailing party, including without limitation, reasonable attorneys fees and expenses, all of which shall be deemed to have accrued upon the commencement of such action and shall be paid whether or not such action is prosecuted to judgment. Any judgment or order entered in such action shall contain a specific provision providing for the recovery of attorneys fees and costs incurred in enforcing such judgment and an award of prejudgment interest from the date of the breach at the maximum rate of interest allowed by law. For the purposes of this Section 24 : (a) attorneys fees include, without limitation, fees incurred in the following: (i) post-judgment motions; (ii) contempt proceedings; (iii) garnishment, levy, and debtor and third party examinations; (iv) discovery and (v) bankruptcy litigation, and (b) prevailing party means the party who is determined in the proceeding to have prevailed or who prevails by dismissal, default or otherwise. 

25. Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original, but both of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. 

17 

26. Notices . Except as otherwise provided for herein, all notices and other communications provided for hereunder shall be in writing (including facsimile communication and electronic mail) and mailed (via registered or certified mail), telecopied or delivered to the party for whom it is intended at the address, telecopier number or e-mail address set forth below or, as to each party, at such other address as designated by that party in a written notice to the other parties. All notices and communications shall be deemed to have been validly served, given or delivered (i) if personally delivered, upon receipt or refusal to accept delivery, (ii) if sent via facsimile, upon mechanical confirmation of successful transmission thereof generated by the sending facsimile machine, (iii) if sent by a commercial overnight courier for delivery on the next business day, on the first business day after deposit with such courier service (or the second business day if sent to an address not in the United States), (iv) if sent by registered or certified mail, three days after deposit thereof in the United States mail, or (v) if sent by electronic mail, one business day after transmission when directed to the appropriate e- mail address (provided that the party giving notice must verify the e-mail address of the recipient prior to transmission): 

(a) if to the Employee, to Employee at Employee s most recent address in the Employer s records, 

(b) If to the Employer, to: 

Alignment Healthcare USA, LLC 
 1100 Town Country Road, Suite 1600 Orange, CA 92868 
 Facsimile: (844) 320-2247 
 E-mail: [ ] 
 Attention: Corporate Secretary 
 
 with a copy to:	Paul, Weiss, Rifkind, Wharton Garrison LLP 
 1285 Avenue of the Americas New York, New York 10019-6064 Fax: (212) 757-3990 
 Email: lwitdorchic@paulweiss.com Attention: Lawrence I. Witdorchic 
 
 or to such other address as the recipient party to whom notice is to be given may have furnished to the other party in writing in accordance herewith. 
 
 27. Descriptive Headings; Nouns and Pronouns . Descriptive headings are for convenience only and shall not control or affect the meaning or construction of any provision of this Agreement. Whenever the context may require, any pronouns used herein shall include the corresponding masculine, feminine or neuter forms, and the singular form of nouns and pronouns shall include the plural and vice-versa. 

28. Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation . To the extent applicable, this Agreement shall be interpreted in accordance with Section 409A of the U.S. Internal 

18 

Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ), and Department of Treasury regulations and other interpretive guidance issued thereunder, including without limitation any such regulations or other guidance that may be issued after the Effective Date. For purposes of Section 409A of the Code, each of the payments that may be made hereunder is designated as a separate payment and, for the avoidance of doubt and without limiting the foregoing, the Employee s right to receive installment payments pursuant to Section 6(c) shall be treated as a right to receive a series of separate and distinct payments. To the extent that any reimbursement of expenses or in-kind benefits constitutes deferred compensation under Section 409A of the Code, such reimbursement or benefit shall be provided no later than December 31 of the year following the year in which the expense was incurred. The reimbursements under this Agreement are not subject to liquidation or exchange for another benefit, and the amount of expenses reimbursed in one taxable year shall not affect the amount eligible for reimbursement in any other taxable year. Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, in the event that the Employer determines that any amounts payable hereunder will be immediately taxable to the Employee under Section 409A of the Code and related Department of Treasury guidance, the Employer reserves the right (without any obligation to do so or to indemnify the Employee for failure to do so) to 
 (a) adopt such amendments to this Agreement and appropriate policies and procedures, including amendments and policies with retroactive effect, that the Employer determines necessary or appropriate to preserve the intended tax treatment of the benefits provided by this Agreement, to preserve the economic benefits of this Agreement and to avoid less favorable accounting or tax consequences for the Employer and/or (b) take such other actions as the Employer determines necessary or appropriate to exempt the amounts payable hereunder from Section 409A of the Code and related Department of Treasury guidance, or to comply with the requirements of Section 409A of the Code and related Department of Treasury guidance, including such Department of Treasury guidance and other interpretive materials as may be issued after the Effective Date, and avoid the applicable of penalty taxes thereunder. No provision of this Agreement shall be interpreted or construed to transfer any liability for failure to comply with the requirements of Section 409A of the Code from the Employee or any other individual to the Employer or any of its Affiliates, employees or agents. To the extent any amounts under this Agreement are payable by reference to Employee s termination of employment, such term and similar terms shall be deemed to refer to Employee s separation from service, within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code. Notwithstanding any other provision in this Agreement, to the extent any payments hereunder constitute nonqualified deferred compensation, within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code, then if the Employee is a specified employee (within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code) as of the date of Employee s separation from service, each such payment that is payable upon the Employee s separation from service and would have been paid prior to the six-month anniversary of Employee s separation from service, shall be delayed until the earlier to occur of (i) the first day of the seventh month following the Employee s separation from service or (ii) the date of the Employee s death. 
 
 [signature page follows] 

17 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Employment Agreement as of the date first written above. 
 
 ALIGNMENT HEALTHCARE USA, LLC 
 	 
 By: /s/John Kao	 
 Name: John Kao	 
 
 Title: Chief Executive Officer	 

/s/ Richard Cross	 
 Richard Cross, individually 

</EX-10>

<EX-21>
 4
 alhc-ex21_1.htm
 EX-21.1

EX-21 

Exhibit 21.1 
 LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES 
 OF 
 ALIGNMENT HEALTHCARE, INC. 

Name of Subsidiary 
 
 Jurisdiction of Incorporation 

AdvocateMD Holdings, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

AdvocateMD Operations, LLC 
 
 Florida 

Alignment Health Advisors, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

Alignment Health Insurance Company of Arizona, Inc. 
 
 Arizona 

Alignment Health Plan (f/k/a Honored Citizens Choice Health Plan, Inc.) 
 
 California 

Alignment Health Plan of Arizona, Inc. 
 
 Arizona 

Alignment Health Plan of Florida, Inc. 
 
 Florida 

Alignment Health Plan of Nevada, Inc. 
 
 Nevada 

Alignment Health Plan of North Carolina, Inc. 
 
 North Carolina 

Alignment Healthcare Holdco 1, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

Alignment Healthcare Holdco 2, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

Alignment Healthcare North Carolina, LLC 
 
 North Carolina 

Alignment Healthcare USA, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

Axceleran DCE1, LLC 
 
 North Carolina 

Alignment Health ACO, LLC (f/k/a Axceleran DCE2, LLC) 
 
 North Carolina 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 5
 alhc-ex23_1.htm
 EX-23.1

EX-23 

Exhibit 23.1 
 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-8 (No. 333-254887) and Form S-3ASR (No. 333-267438) of our reports dated February 28, 2023, relating to the financial statements of Alignment Healthcare, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company ), and the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. /s/ Deloitte Touche, LLP Los Angeles, California February 28, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-31>
 6
 alhc-ex31_1.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, John Kao, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Alignment Healthcare, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: February 28, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ John Kao 

John Kao 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31>

<EX-31>
 7
 alhc-ex31_2.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Thomas Freeman, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Alignment Healthcare, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: February 28, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Thomas Freeman 

Thomas Freeman 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 8
 alhc-ex32_1.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Alignment Healthcare, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ending December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, John Kao, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge: 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: February 28, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ John Kao 

John Kao 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32>

<EX-32>
 9
 alhc-ex32_2.htm
 EX-32.2

EX-32 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Alignment Healthcare, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ending December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Thomas Freeman, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge: 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: February 28, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Thomas Freeman 

Thomas Freeman 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.LAB>
 15
 alhc-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.CAL>
 16
 alhc-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 17
 alhc-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.PRE>
 18
 alhc-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.SCH>
 19
 alhc-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

