<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230223_10-K_edgar_data_1166928_0001166928-23-000028.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>18154408</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>323140</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2413839</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>7647758</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3825416</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3574966</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001166928-23-000028.hdr.sgml : 20230223
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230223070813
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001166928-23-000028
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		118
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230223
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230223

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			WEST BANCORPORATION INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001166928
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS [6022]
		IRS NUMBER:				421230603
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			IA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-49677
		FILM NUMBER:		23655897

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1601 22ND ST
		CITY:			WEST DES MOINES
		STATE:			IA
		ZIP:			50266
		BUSINESS PHONE:		5152222309

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1601 22ND ST
		CITY:			WEST DES MOINES
		STATE:			IA
		ZIP:			50266

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001166928-23-000028.txt : 20230223

10-K
 1
 wtba-20221231.htm
 10-K

wtba-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 or TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from __________ to __________ 
 
 Commission file number: 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: NONE 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 
 Yes o 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 
 Yes o 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No o 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No o 
 
 1 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer o Non-accelerated filer o Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. o 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. o 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). o 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 
 The aggregate market value of the voting common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of June 30, 2022, was approximately (based on the closing price on the Nasdaq Global Select Market on that date of 24.34). 
 
 Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the registrant s classes of common stock as of the most recent practicable date, February 22, 2023. 
 
 shares of common stock, no par value 
 
 2 

FORM 10-K TABLE OF CONTENTS "SAFE HARBOR" CONCERNING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 5 
 PART I ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 5 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 17 
 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 28 
 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 29 
 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 29 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 29 
 PART II ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS, AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 29 
 ITEM 6. RESERVED 
 31 
 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 31 
 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 50 
 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 52 
 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 95 
 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 95 
 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 95 
 ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTION 
 96 
 PART III ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 97 
 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 97 
 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 97 
 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 98 
 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 99 
 PART IV ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 99 
 ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 102 
 
 3 

(PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK) 

4 

Table of Contents 
 West Bancorporation, Inc. and Subsidiary 

 SAFE HARBOR CONCERNING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
 Certain statements in this report, other than purely historical information, including estimates, projections, statements relating to the Company s business plans, objectives and expected operating results, and the assumptions upon which those statements are based, are forward-looking statements within the meanings of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act). Forward-looking statements may appear throughout this report. These forward-looking statements are generally identified by the words believes, expects, intends, anticipates, projects, future, confident, may, should, will, strategy, plan, opportunity, will be, will likely result, will continue or similar references, or references to estimates, predictions or future events. Such forward-looking statements are based upon certain underlying assumptions, risks and uncertainties. Because of the possibility that the underlying assumptions are incorrect or do not materialize as expected in the future, actual results could differ materially from these forward-looking statements. Risks and uncertainties that may affect future results include: interest rate risk, including the effects of recent rate increases by the Federal Reserve; fluctuations in the values of the securities held in our investment portfolio, including as a result of rising interest rates, which has resulted in unrealized losses in our portfolio; competitive pressures, including from non-bank competitors such as fintech companies and digital asset service providers; pricing pressures on loans and deposits; our ability to successfully manage liquidity risk; changes in credit and other risks posed by the Company s loan portfolio, including declines in commercial or residential real estate values or changes in the allowance for loan losses dictated by new market conditions, accounting standards (including as a result of the implementation of the current expected credit loss (CECL) accounting standard) or regulatory requirements; changes in local, national and international economic conditions, including rising rates of inflation; changes in legal and regulatory requirements, limitations and costs; changes in customers acceptance of the Company s products and services; cyber-attacks; unexpected outcomes of existing or new litigation involving the Company, the monetary, trade and other regulatory policies of the U.S. government; acts of war or terrorism, including the Russian invasion of Ukraine; widespread disease or pandemics, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, or other adverse external events; risks related to climate change and the negative impact it may have on our customers and their businesses; developments and uncertainty related to the future use and availability of some reference rates, such as the expected discontinuation of the London Interbank Offered Rate and the development of other alternative reference rates; changes to U.S. tax laws, regulations and guidance; talent and labor shortages; the new 1 percent excise tax on stock buybacks by publicly traded companies; and any other risks described in the Risk Factors sections of reports filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The Company undertakes no obligation to revise or update such forward-looking statements to reflect current or future events or circumstances after the date hereof or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. 

PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 
 General Development of Business 
 
 West Bancorporation, Inc. (the Company or West Bancorporation) is an Iowa corporation and a financial holding company registered under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended (BHCA). The Company was formed in 1984 to own West Bank, an Iowa-chartered bank headquartered in West Des Moines, Iowa. West Bank is a business-focused community bank that was organized in 1893. The Company s primary activity during 2022 was the ownership of West Bank. The Company s and West Bank s only business is banking, and therefore, no segment information is presented in this report. 
 
 As a financial holding company, the Company has additional flexibility to engage in a broader range of financial activities through affiliates than are permissible for bank holding companies that are not financial holding companies. While the Company does not currently have a plan to engage in any new activities, as a financial holding company, it has the ability to respond more quickly to market developments and opportunities. 
 
 The Company currently operates in the following markets: central Iowa, which is generally the greater Des Moines metropolitan area; eastern Iowa, which includes the area surrounding Iowa City and Coralville; and southern Minnesota, which includes the cities of Rochester, Owatonna, Mankato and St. Cloud. 

5 

Table of Contents 
 West Bancorporation, Inc. and Subsidiary 

During 2022, the Company received a number of financial performance recognitions, including the following: 
 West Bancorporation received national recognition from investment bank and research firm Raymond James in the annual Raymond James Community Bankers Cup, which identifies America s top performing publicly traded community banks with assets between 500 million and 10 billion. The Raymond James Community Bankers Cup recognizes the top 10 percent of exchange-traded community banks based on various profitability, operational efficiency, and balance sheet metrics. Raymond James ranked West Bancorporation number 12 in the nation for 2021. West Bancorporation has been recognized for this award eight out of the last nine years. 
 S P Global Market Intelligence ranked West Bancorporation as the 13th best-performing community bank for 2021 with assets between 3 billion and 10 billion. The rankings were based on various measures related to profitability, growth and asset quality. This was the second consecutive year that West Bancorporation was recognized on this list. 
 West Bancorporation was recognized as one of the nation s top 200 banks with assets between 2 billion and 10 billion by American Banker, based on three-year average return on equity as of December 31, 2021. West Bank ranked 39th overall on American Banker s list and was the top ranked bank of the eight Iowa and Minnesota banks on the list. 
 The Company continues to grow, as loans outstanding at the end of 2022 totaled 2.7 billion compared to 2.5 billion at the end of 2021, an increase of 11.7 percent. Total loans outstanding at the end of 2022 included 1.1 million of Paycheck Protection Program (PPP) loans, compared to 22.2 million at the end of 2021. Excluding PPP loans, total loans increased 12.6 percent in 2022. Total deposits declined 4.5 percent as of December 31, 2022 from the balances as of December 31, 2021. The Company continues to focus on expanding existing and entering into new customer relationships while maintaining strong credit quality. We anticipate that the current monetary policies of the Federal Reserve will continue to effect customer deposit activity and loan demand in 2023. 
 The Company declared and paid cash dividends on its common stock totaling 1.00 per share in 2022 and declared a 0.25 quarterly dividend on January 25, 2023, payable on February 22, 2023, to stockholders of record on February 8, 2023. The Company expects to continue paying regular quarterly dividends in the future. In the opinion of management, the capital position of the Company is strong. At December 31, 2022, the Company s tangible common equity ratio was 5.84 percent compared to 7.44 percent at December 31, 2021. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had no intangible assets or preferred stock outstanding. The decrease in the tangible common equity ratio was primarily due to the increase in accumulated other comprehensive loss related to the decline in market value of the securities portfolio, partially offset by net income less dividends paid in 2022. Additional information on capital can be found in Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 
 Description of the Company s Business 
 
 West Bank provides full-service community banking and trust services to customers located primarily in the following metropolitan areas: Des Moines, Coralville and Iowa City, Iowa, and Rochester, Owatonna, Mankato and St. Cloud, Minnesota. West Bank has six offices in the Des Moines area, one office in Coralville, Iowa and one office in each of our four Minnesota markets. In 2022, West Bank completed construction of a permanent branch office in St. Cloud, Minnesota. Additionally, West Bank began construction of a new headquarters building in West Des Moines, Iowa and a permanent branch office in Mankato, Minnesota. West Bank offers many types of credit to its customers, including commercial, real estate and consumer loans. West Bank offers trust services, including the administration of estates, conservatorships, personal trusts and agency accounts. 
 
 West Bank offers a full range of deposit services, including checking, savings and money market accounts and time certificates of deposit. West Bank also offers online banking, mobile banking and treasury management services, which help to meet the banking needs of its customers. Treasury management services offered to business customers include cash management, client-generated automated clearing house transactions, remote deposit and fraud protection services. Also offered are merchant credit card processing and corporate credit cards. 
 
 West Bank s business strategy emphasizes strong business and personal relationships between West Bank and its customers and the delivery of products and services that meet the individualized needs of those customers. West Bank also emphasizes strong cost controls, while striving to achieve an above average return on equity. To accomplish these goals, West Bank focuses on small- to medium-sized businesses in its local markets that traditionally wish to develop an exclusive relationship with a single bank. West Bank has the size to provide the personal attention required by local business owners and the financial expertise and entrepreneurial attitude to help businesses meet their financial service needs. 

6 

Table of Contents 
 West Bancorporation, Inc. and Subsidiary 

As of December 31, 2022, we conducted banking operations through 11 locations in central and eastern Iowa and southern Minnesota. The economies in our market areas are well diversified. We believe that an important factor contributing to our historical performance and our ability to execute our strategic priorities is the vibrancy of our markets. Our markets are home to major financial services companies, healthcare systems, educational institutions, technology and agribusiness companies, and state and local governments. Our markets host major employers such as Principal Financial Group, Wells Fargo, John Deere, Mayo Clinic, University of Iowa, University of Iowa Health Care, UnityPoint Health, CentraCare Health Systems and IBM. 
 
 The markets in which we operate have generally experienced stable population growth over the past five years. Des Moines-West Des Moines is the largest metropolitan statistical area (MSA) in Iowa, while Iowa City and Coralville make up the fourth largest MSA in Iowa. Rochester and St. Cloud are the fourth and fifth largest MSAs in Minnesota. We believe our markets are stable and have weathered the economic challenges of the last few years relatively well. Unemployment rates in all our markets are below the national unemployment rate of 3.5 percent as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 The market areas served by West Bank are highly competitive with respect to both loans and deposits. West Bank competes with other commercial banks, credit unions, mortgage companies and other financial service providers, including financial technology (FinTech) companies. According to the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation s (FDIC) Summary of Deposits as of June 30, 2022, West Bank ranked eighth in the state of Iowa in terms of deposit share. Some of West Bank s competitors are locally controlled, while others are regional, national or international companies. The larger, international, national or regional banks have certain competitive advantages due to their ability to undertake substantial advertising campaigns and allocate their investment assets to out-of-market geographic regions with potentially higher returns. Such banks also offer certain services, such as international and conduit financing transactions, which are not offered directly by West Bank. These larger banking organizations also have much higher legal lending limits than West Bank, and therefore, may be better able to service large regional, national and global commercial customers. The financial services industry has become even more competitive as a result of recent Federal Reserve rate increases and legislative, regulatory and technological changes and continued consolidation. Technology has lowered barriers to entry and made it possible for non-banks, such as FinTech companies, to offer deposit and loan products and services traditionally provided by banks. 
 
 In order to compete to the fullest extent possible with the other financial institutions in its primary market areas, West Bank uses the flexibility and knowledge of its local management, Board of Directors and community advisors. West Bank has a group of community advisors in each of its markets who provide insight to management on current business activity levels and trends. West Bank seeks to capitalize on customers who desire to do business with a local institution. This includes emphasizing specialized services, local promotional activities, and personal contacts by West Bank s officers, directors and employees. In particular, West Bank competes for loans primarily by offering competitive interest rates, experienced lending personnel with local decision-making authority, flexible loan arrangements, quality products and services, and proactive relationship management. West Bank competes for deposits principally by offering depositors a variety of straight-forward deposit products along with electronic access and other personalized services. 
 
 West Bank also competes with the general financial markets for funds. Yields on corporate and government debt securities and commercial paper affect West Bank s ability to attract and hold deposits. West Bank also competes for funds with money market accounts and similar investment vehicles offered by brokerage firms, mutual fund companies, internet banks and others. The competition for these funds is based almost exclusively on yields to customers. 
 
 Human Capital Management 
 
 We believe that the success of our business is largely due to the quality of our employees, the development of each employee's full potential and the Company's ability to provide timely and satisfying rewards. We encourage and support the development of our employees and, whenever possible, strive to fill vacancies with internal candidates. We invest in education and development programs, including tuition reimbursement for courses and degree programs and fees paid for certifications. We encourage employees to seek educational opportunities for both industry knowledge and professional development. 
 
 We believe that diversity encourages innovation and inclusion, and our team s differences give us a competitive advantage. Our goal is to foster a culture in which those differences are valued and respected. Our team is made up of 173 full-time employees and 9 part-time employees. We are proud of our culturally and gender diverse workforce, with approximately 18 percent identifying as persons of color and approximately 55 percent as women. We have a number of multi-lingual employees at West Bank and strive to have at least one bilingual team member in all Central Iowa locations in customer-facing or customer service roles. 

7 

Table of Contents 
 West Bancorporation, Inc. and Subsidiary 

We continue to invest in initiatives aimed at the growth and readiness of our workforce, including our West Bank Women s Impact Network (WIN). Since 2014, WIN connects and expands relationships among women at West Bank with women in our communities and our customers. The network builds a system of sponsors and mentors to provide more opportunities for women in leadership at West Bank and furthers our impact on the community through support and sponsorship of women s leadership initiatives. 20 percent of West Bank s current executive management team and 44 percent of officers and department managers are women. Currently, women comprise 23 percent of the directors on our Board. 
 
 As part of our compensation philosophy, we believe that we must offer and maintain market competitive compensation and benefit programs for our employees in order to attract and retain talent. The goal of our compensation program is to create superior long-term value for our stockholders by attracting, motivating and retaining outstanding employees who serve our customers while generating financial performance that is consistently better than our peers. Our business model allows us to operate with fewer employees than the typical commercial bank of our size because we emphasize teamwork, sound practices and a focus on business banking. Because we have fewer people, we need to have the right people and ensure that we offer what we consider to be above average pay in exchange for above average performance. Our employees are provided a formal performance evaluation annually that includes discussion of the opportunity for advancement and career development. 
 
 In addition to competitive base wages, additional programs include annual bonus opportunities, Company-matched 401(k) and discretionary 401(k) contributions, stock award opportunities, educational expense reimbursement, insurance benefits, paid time off, family leave and employee assistance programs. Our best-in-class health care plans, including medical, dental, vision, short-term and long-term disability and life insurance, reflect a sincere investment in our colleagues physical, emotional and financial well-being. Offering premium coverage through our health insurance provider, our employees are afforded a large network of doctors and the Company pays 75 percent of monthly medical premiums for employees enrolled. 
 
 Our approach also promotes longevity in our workforce. The average tenure of our employees is over nine years. 72 employees (40 percent) have been with West Bank for over ten years and 42 employees (23 percent) for over 15 years. Non-teller turnover was approximately 11 percent in 2022. We conduct periodic company-wide employee engagement surveys to assess employee satisfaction and engagement. 
 
 Succession planning and talent development are important at all levels within our organization. The Board oversees executive management s succession plan for our named executive officers. The Board s succession planning activities are ongoing and strategic. In addition, the CEO annually provides the Board with his assessment of senior leaders and their potential to succeed at key senior management positions. 
 
 Environmental, Social, and Governance (ESG) Corporate Responsibility 
 
 West Bancorporation, Inc. strives to be a good corporate citizen by operating as an employer that is committed to our vibrant and diverse workforce and by conducting business in an environmentally responsible manner. The Board carefully considers corporate social responsibility when it works with management to determine the Company s strategic priorities and plans to achieve such priorities. We recognize that understanding our efforts to improve ESG practices is increasingly important to our stockholders, customers and employees. Learn more about our ESG practices on the Corporate Governance section of our website at www.westbankstrong.com under Investor Relations/Overview/Governance documents. 
 
 SUPERVISION AND REGULATION 
 
 General 
 
 FDIC-insured institutions, their holding companies and their affiliates are extensively regulated under federal and state law. As a result, our growth and earnings performance may be affected not only by management decisions and general economic conditions, but also by the requirements of federal and state statutes and by the regulations and policies of various bank regulatory agencies, including the Iowa Division of Banking, the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (Federal Reserve), the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) and the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB). Furthermore, taxation laws administered by the Internal Revenue Service and state taxing authorities, accounting rules developed by the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB), securities laws administered by the SEC and state securities authorities, and anti-money laundering laws enforced by the U.S. Department of the Treasury (Treasury) have an impact on our business. The effect of these statutes, regulations, regulatory policies and accounting rules are significant to our operations and results. 

8 

Table of Contents 
 West Bancorporation, Inc. and Subsidiary 

Federal and state banking laws impose a comprehensive system of supervision, regulation and enforcement on the operations of FDIC-insured institutions, their holding companies and affiliates that is intended primarily for the protection of the FDIC-insured deposits and depositors of banks, rather than stockholders. These federal and state laws, and the regulations of the bank regulatory agencies issued under them, affect, among other things, the scope of our business; the kinds and amounts of investments we may make; required capital levels relative to our assets; the nature and amount of collateral for loans; the establishment of branches; our ability to merge, consolidate and acquire; dealings with our insiders and affiliates; and our payment of dividends. In reaction to the global financial crisis and particularly following passage of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 (Dodd-Frank Act), we experienced heightened regulatory requirements and scrutiny. Although the reforms primarily targeted systemically important financial service providers, their influence filtered down in varying degrees to community banks over time and caused our compliance and risk management processes, and the costs thereof, to increase. The Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief and Consumer Protection Act of 2018 (Regulatory Relief Act) eliminated questions about the applicability of certain Dodd-Frank Act reforms to community bank systems, including relieving us of any requirement to engage in mandatory stress tests, maintain a risk committee or comply with the Volcker Rule s complicated prohibitions on proprietary trading and ownership of private funds. We believe these reforms have been favorable to our operations. 
 
 The supervisory framework for U.S. banking organizations subjects banks and bank holding companies to regular examination by their respective regulatory agencies, which results in examination reports and ratings that are not publicly available and that can impact the conduct and growth of their business. These examinations consider not only compliance with applicable laws and regulations, but also capital levels, asset quality and risk, management ability and performance, earnings, liquidity and various other factors. The regulatory agencies generally have broad discretion to impose restrictions and limitations on the operations of a regulated entity where the agencies determine, among other things, that such operations are unsafe or unsound, fail to comply with applicable law or are otherwise inconsistent with laws and regulations. 
 
 The following is a summary of the material elements of the supervisory and regulatory framework applicable to the Company and West Bank. It does not describe all of the statutes, regulations and regulatory policies that apply, nor does it restate all of the requirements of those that are described. The descriptions are qualified in their entirety by reference to the particular statutory and regulatory provision. 
 
 Supervision and Regulation of the Company 
 
 General . The Company, as the sole stockholder of West Bank, is a bank holding company that has elected financial holding company status. As a bank holding company, we are registered with, and subject to regulation by, the Federal Reserve under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended (BHCA). We are legally obligated to act as a source of financial and managerial strength to West Bank and to commit resources to support West Bank in circumstances where we might not otherwise do so. Under the BHCA, we are subject to periodic examination by the Federal Reserve and are required to file with the Federal Reserve periodic reports of our operations and such additional information regarding our operations as the Federal Reserve may require. 
 
 Acquisitions and Activities/Financial Holding Company Election . The primary purpose of a bank holding company is to control and manage banks. The BHCA generally requires the prior approval of the Federal Reserve for any merger involving a bank holding company or any acquisition by a bank holding company of another bank or bank holding company. Subject to certain conditions (including deposit concentration limits established by the BHCA), the Federal Reserve may allow a bank holding company to acquire banks located in any state of the United States. In approving interstate acquisitions, the Federal Reserve is required to give effect to applicable state law limitations on the aggregate amount of deposits that may be held by the acquiring bank holding company and its FDIC-insured institution affiliates in the state in which the target bank is located (provided that those limits do not discriminate against out-of-state institutions or their holding companies) and state laws that require that the target bank have been in existence for a minimum period of time (not to exceed five years) before being acquired by an out-of-state bank holding company. Furthermore, in accordance with the Dodd-Frank Act, bank holding companies must be well-capitalized and well-managed in order to effect interstate mergers or acquisitions. 

9 

Table of Contents 
 West Bancorporation, Inc. and Subsidiary 

The BHCA generally prohibits the Company from acquiring direct or indirect ownership or control of more than five percent of the voting shares of any company that is not a bank and from engaging in any business other than that of banking, managing and controlling banks or furnishing services to banks and their subsidiaries. This general prohibition is subject to a number of exceptions. The principal exception allows bank holding companies to engage in, and to own shares of companies engaged in, certain businesses found by the Federal Reserve prior to November 11, 1999 to be so closely related to banking ... as to be a proper incident thereto. This authority would permit us to engage in a variety of banking-related businesses, including the ownership and operation of a savings association, or any entity engaged in consumer finance, equipment leasing, the operation of a computer service bureau (including software development) and mortgage banking and brokerage services. The BHCA does not place territorial restrictions on the domestic activities of nonbank subsidiaries of bank holding companies. 
 
 Additionally, bank holding companies that meet certain eligibility requirements prescribed by the BHCA and elect to operate as financial holding companies may engage in, or own shares in companies engaged in, a wider range of nonbanking activities, including securities and insurance underwriting and sales, merchant banking and any other activity that the Federal Reserve, in consultation with the Secretary of the Treasury, determines by regulation or order is financial in nature or incidental to any such financial activity or that the Federal Reserve determines by order to be complementary to any such financial activity, as long as the activity does not pose a substantial risk to the safety or soundness of FDIC-insured institutions or the financial system generally. In the third quarter of 2016, we elected to operate as a financial holding company. In order to maintain our status as a financial holding company, both the Company and West Bank must be well-capitalized, well-managed, and have at least a satisfactory CRA rating. If the Federal Reserve determines that either the Company or West Bank is not well-capitalized or well-managed, the Federal Reserve will provide a period of time in which to achieve compliance, but during the period of noncompliance, the Federal Reserve may place any limitations on us that it deems appropriate. Furthermore, if non-compliance is based on the failure of West Bank to achieve a satisfactory CRA rating, we would not be able to commence any new financial activities or acquire a company that engages in such activities. As of December 31, 2022, we retained our election as a financial holding company, but we have not engaged in any activity and do not own any assets for which a financial holding company designation was required. The election affords the ability to respond more quickly to market developments and opportunities. 
 
 Change in Control . Federal law prohibits any person or company from acquiring control of an FDIC-insured depository institution or its holding company without prior notice to the appropriate federal bank regulator. Control is conclusively presumed to exist upon the acquisition of 25 percent or more of the outstanding voting securities of a bank or bank holding company, but may arise under certain circumstances between 10 percent and 24.99 percent ownership. 
 
 Company Capital Requirements . The Company is subject to complex consolidated capital requirements of the Basel III rule, see the Basel III Rule below. 
 
 Dividend Payments . Our ability to pay dividends to our stockholders may be affected by both general corporate law considerations and policies of the Federal Reserve applicable to bank holding companies. As an Iowa corporation, we are subject to the limitations of Iowa law, which allows us to pay dividends unless, after such dividend, (i) we would not be able to pay our debts as they become due in the usual course of business or (ii) our total assets would be less than the sum of our total liabilities plus any amount that would be needed if we were to be dissolved at the time of the dividend payment, to satisfy the preferential rights upon dissolution of stockholders whose rights are superior to the rights of the stockholders receiving the distribution. 
 
 As a general matter, the Federal Reserve has indicated that the board of directors of a bank holding company should eliminate, defer or significantly reduce dividends to stockholders if: (i) the company s net income available to stockholders for the past four quarters, net of dividends previously paid during that period, is not sufficient to fully fund the dividends; (ii) the prospective rate of earnings retention is inconsistent with the company s capital needs and overall current and prospective financial condition; or (iii) the company will not meet, or is in danger of not meeting, its minimum regulatory capital adequacy ratios. The Federal Reserve also possesses enforcement powers over bank holding companies and their nonbank subsidiaries to prevent or remedy actions that represent unsafe or unsound practices or violations of applicable statutes and regulations. Among these powers is the ability to proscribe the payment of dividends by banks and bank holding companies. 
 
 Monetary Policy . The monetary policy of the Federal Reserve has a significant effect on the operating results of financial or bank holding companies and their subsidiaries, and this is evidenced in its increases in the targeted federal funds rate throughout 2022. Among the tools available to the Federal Reserve to affect the money supply are open market transactions in U.S. government securities and changes in the discount rate on bank borrowings. These means are used in varying combinations to influence overall growth and distribution of bank loans, investments and deposits, and their use may affect interest rates charged on loans or paid on deposits. 
 
 10 

Table of Contents 
 West Bancorporation, Inc. and Subsidiary 

Federal Securities Regulation . Our common stock is registered with the SEC under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (Exchange Act). Consequently, we are subject to the information, proxy solicitation, insider trading and other restrictions and requirements of the SEC under the Exchange Act. 
 
 Corporate Governance . The Dodd-Frank Act addressed many investor protection, corporate governance and executive compensation matters that will affect most U.S. publicly traded companies. It increased stockholder influence over boards of directors by requiring companies to give stockholders a nonbinding vote on executive compensation and so-called golden parachute payments, and authorizing the SEC to promulgate rules that would allow stockholders to nominate and solicit voters for their own candidates using a company s proxy materials. The legislation also directed the Federal Reserve to promulgate rules prohibiting excessive compensation paid to executives of bank holding companies, regardless of whether such companies are publicly traded. 
 
 Supervision and Regulation of West Bank 
 
 General . West Bank is an Iowa-chartered bank. The deposit accounts of West Bank are insured by the FDIC s Deposit Insurance Fund (DIF) to the maximum extent provided under federal law and FDIC regulations, currently 250,000 per insured depositor category. As an Iowa-chartered FDIC-insured bank, West Bank is subject to the examination, supervision, reporting and enforcement requirements of the Iowa Division of Banking, the chartering authority for Iowa banks, and the FDIC, designated by federal law as the primary federal regulator of insured state banks that, like West Bank, are not members of the Federal Reserve System (nonmember banks). 
 
 Deposit Insurance . As an FDIC-insured institution, West Bank is required to pay deposit insurance premium assessments to the FDIC. The FDIC has adopted a risk-based assessment system whereby FDIC-insured institutions pay insurance premiums at rates based on their risk classification. For institutions, like West Bank, that are not considered large and highly complex banking organizations, assessments are now based on examination ratings and financial ratios. The total base assessment rates currently range from 1.5 basis points to 30 basis points. At least semi-annually, the FDIC updates its loss and income projections for the DIF and, if needed, increases or decreases the assessment rates, following notice and comment on proposed rulemaking. 
 
 The reserve ratio is the DIF balance divided by estimated insured deposits. In response to the global financial crisis, the Dodd-Frank Act increased the minimum reserve ratio from 1.15 to 1.35 of estimated amount of total insured deposits. Prior to the COVID-19 pandemic, the reserve ratio briefly exceeded the statutory threshold, but, because of extraordinary insured deposit growth caused by an unprecedented inflow of deposits during the pandemic, the reserve ratio fell below 1.35 and continues to be below the threshold. The FDIC staff closely monitors the factors that affect the reserve ratio, and, in order to raise the reserve ratio to 1.35 by September 30, 2028, the FDIC increased the initial deposit insurance rates by two basis points, beginning with the first quarterly assessment period of the 2023 assessment. As a result of this change, West Bank s FDIC insurance assessment will increase beginning in 2023. 
 
 The DIF balance was 125.5 billion on September 30, 2022, up 1.0 billion from the end of the second quarter. The reserve ratio remained at 1.26 as growth in the fund balance kept pace with growth in insured deposits. The FDIC staff continues to closely monitor the factors that affect the reserve ratio, and any change could impact FDIC assessments. 
 
 Supervisory Assessments . All Iowa banks are required to pay supervisory assessments to the Iowa Division of Banking to fund the operations of that agency. The amount of the assessment is calculated on the basis of West Bank s total assets. 
 
 Bank Capital Requirements . Regulatory capital represents the net assets of a banking organization available to absorb losses. Because of the risks attendant to their business, FDIC-insured institutions generally are required to hold more capital than other businesses, which directly affects our earnings capabilities. Although capital has historically been one of the key measures of the financial health of both bank holding companies and banks, its role became fundamentally more important in the wake of the 2007-2008 global financial crisis, as the banking regulators recognized that the amount and quality of capital held by banks prior to the crisis was insufficient to absorb losses during periods of severe stress. 

11 

Table of Contents 
 West Bancorporation, Inc. and Subsidiary 

Capital Levels . Banks have been required to hold minimum levels of capital based on guidelines established by the bank regulatory agencies since 1983. The minimums have been expressed in terms of ratios of capital divided by total assets . The capital guidelines for U.S. banks beginning in 1989 have been based upon international capital accords (known as Basel rules) adopted by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision, a committee of central banks and bank supervisors that acts as the primary global standard-setter for prudential regulation, as implemented by the U.S. bank regulatory agencies on an interagency basis. The accords recognized that bank assets for the purpose of the capital ratio calculations needed to be risk weighted (the theory being that riskier assets should require more capital) and that off-balance sheet exposures needed to be factored in the calculations. Following the global financial crisis, the Group of Governors and Heads of Supervision, the oversight body of the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision, announced agreement on a strengthened set of capital requirements for banking organizations around the world, known as Basel III, to address deficiencies recognized in connection with the global financial crisis. 
 
 Basel III Rule. The United States bank regulatory agencies adopted the Basel III regulatory capital reforms, and, at the same time, effected changes required by the Dodd-Frank Act, in regulations that were effective (with certain phase-ins) in 2015 (Basel III Rule). Basel III established capital standards for banks and bank holding companies that are meaningfully more stringent than those in place previously: it increased the required quantity and quality of capital; and it required a more complex, detailed and calibrated assessment of risk in the calculation of risk weightings. The Basel III Rule is applicable to all banking organizations that are subject to minimum capital requirements, including federal and state banks and savings and loan associations, as well as to most bank and savings and loan holding companies. Thus, West Bank is subject to the Basel III Rule as described below. 
 
 Not only did the Basel III Rule increase most of the required minimum capital ratios in effect prior to January 1, 2015, but, in requiring that forms of capital be of higher quality to absorb loss, it introduced the concept of Common Equity Tier 1 Capital, which consists primarily of common stock, related surplus (net of Treasury stock), retained earnings, and Common Equity Tier 1 minority interests subject to certain regulatory adjustments. The Basel III Rule also changed the definition of capital by establishing more stringent criteria that instruments must meet to be considered Additional Tier 1 Capital (primarily non-cumulative perpetual preferred stock that meets certain requirements) and Tier 2 Capital (primarily other types of preferred stock and subordinated debt, subject to limitations). The Basel III Rule also constrained the inclusion of minority interests, mortgage-servicing assets, and deferred tax assets in capital and required deductions from Common Equity Tier 1 Capital in the event that such assets exceeded a percentage of a banking institution s Common Equity Tier 1 Capital. 
 
 The Basel III Rule required minimum capital ratios as of January 1, 2015, as follows: 
 
 A ratio of Common Equity Tier 1 Capital equal to 4.5 of risk-weighted assets; 
 A ratio of Tier 1 Capital equal to 6 of risk-weighted assets; 
 A continuation of the minimum required amount of Total Capital (Tier 1 plus Tier 2) at 8 of risk-weighted assets; and 
 A leverage ratio of Tier 1 Capital to total quarterly average assets equal to 4 in all circumstances. 
 
 In addition, institutions that seek the freedom to make capital distributions (including for dividends and repurchases of stock) and pay discretionary bonuses to executive officers without restriction must also maintain 2.5 in Common Equity Tier 1 Capital attributable to a capital conservation buffer. The purpose of the conservation buffer is to ensure that banking institutions maintain a buffer of capital that can be used to absorb losses during periods of financial and economic stress. Factoring in the conservation buffer increases the minimum ratios depicted above to 7 for Common Equity Tier 1 Capital, 8.5 for Tier 1 Capital and 10.5 for Total Capital. 
 
 Well-Capitalized Requirements . The ratios described above are minimum standards in order for banking organizations to be considered adequately capitalized. Bank regulatory agencies uniformly encourage banks to hold more capital and be well-capitalized and, to that end, federal law and regulations provide various incentives for banking organizations to maintain regulatory capital at levels in excess of minimum regulatory requirements. For example, a banking organization that is well-capitalized may: (i) qualify for exemptions from prior notice or application requirements otherwise applicable to certain types of activities; (ii) qualify for expedited processing of other required notices or applications; and (iii) accept, roll-over or renew brokered deposits. Higher capital levels could also be required if warranted by the particular circumstances or risk profiles of individual banking organizations. For example, the Federal Reserve s capital guidelines contemplate that additional capital may be required to take adequate account of, among other things, interest rate risk, or the risks posed by concentrations of credit, nontraditional activities or securities trading activities. Further, any banking organization experiencing or anticipating significant growth would be expected to maintain capital ratios, including tangible capital positions i.e. , Tier 1 Capital less all intangible assets), well above the minimum levels. 

12 

Table of Contents 
 West Bancorporation, Inc. and Subsidiary 

Under the capital regulations of the FDIC, in order to be well capitalized, West Bank must maintain: 
 
 A Common Equity Tier 1 Capital ratio to risk-weighted assets of 6.5 or more; 
 A ratio of Tier 1 Capital to total risk-weighted assets of 8 or more; 
 A ratio of Total Capital to total risk-weighted assets of 10 or more; and 
 A leverage ratio of Tier 1 Capital to total adjusted average quarterly assets of 5 or greater. 
 
 It is possible under the Basel III Rule to be well-capitalized while remaining out of compliance with the capital conservation buffer discussed above. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022: (i) West Bank was not subject to a directive from Iowa Division of Banking or the FDIC to increase its capital and (ii) West Bank was well-capitalized, as defined by FDIC regulations. West Bank also was in compliance with the capital conservation buffer. 
 
 Prompt Corrective Action . The concept of an institution being well-capitalized is part of a regulatory enforcement regime that provides the federal banking regulators with broad power to take prompt corrective action to resolve the problems of depository institutions based on the capital level of each particular institution. The extent of the regulators powers depends on whether the institution in question is adequately capitalized, undercapitalized, significantly undercapitalized or critically undercapitalized, in each case as defined by regulation. Depending upon the capital category to which an institution is assigned, the regulators corrective powers include: (i) requiring the institution to submit a capital restoration plan; (ii) limiting the institution s asset growth and restricting its activities; (iii) requiring the institution to issue additional capital stock (including additional voting stock) or to sell itself; (iv) restricting transactions between the institution and its affiliates; (v) restricting the interest rate that the institution may pay on deposits; (vi) ordering a new election of directors of the institution; (vii) requiring that senior executive officers or directors be dismissed; (viii) prohibiting the institution from accepting deposits from correspondent banks; (ix) requiring the institution to divest certain subsidiaries; (x) prohibiting the payment of principal or interest on subordinated debt; and (xi) ultimately, appointing a receiver for the institution. 
 
 Community Bank Capital Simplification . Community banks have long raised concerns with bank regulators about the regulatory burden, complexity, and costs associated with certain provisions of the Basel III Rule. In response, Congress provided an off-ramp for institutions, like us, with total consolidated assets of less than 10 billion. Section 201 of the Regulatory Relief Act instructed the federal banking regulators to establish a single Community Bank Leverage Ratio (CBLR) of between 8 and 10 . Under the final rule, a community banking organization is eligible to elect the new framework if it has: less than 10 billion in total consolidated assets, limited amounts of certain assets and off-balance sheet exposures, and a CBLR greater than 9 . West Bank may elect the CBLR framework at any time but has not currently determined to do so. 
 
 Liquidity Requirements . Liquidity is a measure of the ability and ease with which bank assets may be converted to cash. Liquid assets are those that can be converted to cash quickly if needed to meet financial obligations. To remain viable, FDIC-insured institutions must have enough liquid assets to meet their near-term obligations, such as withdrawals by depositors. In addition to liquidity guidelines already in place, the U.S. bank regulatory agencies implemented the Basel III Liquidity Coverage Ratio or LCR in September 2014, which require large financial firms to hold levels of liquid assets sufficient to protect against constraints on their funding during times of financial turmoil. While the LCR only applies to the largest banking organizations in the country, we continue to review our liquidity risk management policies in light of developments. 
 
 Dividend Payments . The primary source of funds for the Company is dividends from West Bank. Under the Iowa Banking Act, Iowa-chartered banks generally may pay dividends only out of undivided profits. The Iowa Division of Banking may restrict the declaration or payment of a dividend by an Iowa-chartered bank, such as West Bank. The payment of dividends by any FDIC-insured institution is affected by the requirement to maintain adequate capital pursuant to applicable capital adequacy guidelines and regulations, and an FDIC-insured institution generally is prohibited from paying any dividends if, following payment thereof, the institution would be undercapitalized. As described above, West Bank exceeded its capital requirements under applicable guidelines as of December 31, 2022. Notwithstanding the availability of funds for dividends, however, the FDIC and the Iowa Division of Banking may prohibit the payment of dividends by West Bank if either or both determine such payment would constitute an unsafe or unsound practice. In addition, under the Basel III Rule, institutions that seek the freedom to pay dividends will have to maintain 2.5 percent in Common Equity Tier 1 Capital attributable to the capital conservation buffer. See Bank Capital Requirements above. 

13 

Table of Contents 
 West Bancorporation, Inc. and Subsidiary 

State Bank Investments and Activities . West Bank is permitted to make investments and engage in activities directly or through subsidiaries as authorized by Iowa law. However, under federal law and FDIC regulations, FDIC-insured state banks are prohibited, subject to certain exceptions, from making or retaining equity investments of a type, or in an amount, that are not permissible for a national bank. Federal law and FDIC regulations also prohibit FDIC-insured state banks and their subsidiaries, subject to certain exceptions, from engaging as principal in any activity that is not permitted for a national bank unless West Bank meets, and continues to meet, its minimum regulatory capital requirements and the FDIC determines that the activity would not pose a significant risk to the DIF. These restrictions have not had, and are not currently expected to have, a material impact on the operations of West Bank. 
 
 Insider Transactions . West Bank is subject to certain restrictions imposed by federal law on covered transactions between West Bank and its affiliates. The Company is an affiliate of West Bank for purposes of these restrictions, and covered transactions subject to the restrictions include extensions of credit to the Company, investments in the stock or other securities of the Company, and the acceptance of the stock or other securities of the Company as collateral for loans made by West Bank. The Dodd-Frank Act enhanced the requirements for certain transactions with affiliates, including an expansion of the definition of covered transactions and an increase in the amount of time for which collateral requirements regarding covered transactions must be maintained. 
 
 Certain limitations and reporting requirements are also placed on extensions of credit by West Bank to its directors and officers, to directors and officers of the Company and its subsidiaries, to principal stockholders of the Company and to related interests of such directors, officers and principal stockholders. In addition, federal law and regulations may affect the terms on which any person who is a director or officer of the Company or West Bank, or a principal stockholder of the Company, may obtain credit from banks with which West Bank maintains a correspondent relationship. 
 
 Safety and Soundness Standards/Risk Management . FDIC-insured institutions are expected to operate in a safe and sound manner. The federal banking agencies have adopted operational and managerial standards to promote the safety and soundness of such institutions that address internal controls, information systems, internal audit systems, loan documentation, credit underwriting, interest rate exposure, asset growth, compensation, fees and benefits, asset quality and earnings. 
 
 In general, the safety and soundness standards prescribe the goals to be achieved in each area, and each institution is responsible for establishing its own procedures to achieve those goals. If an institution fails to operate in a safe and sound manner, the FDIC-insured institution s primary federal regulator may require the institution to submit a plan for achieving and maintaining compliance. If an FDIC-insured institution fails to submit an acceptable compliance plan, or fails in any material respect to implement a compliance plan that has been accepted by its primary federal regulator, the regulator is required to issue an order directing the institution to cure the deficiency. Until the deficiency cited in the regulator s order is cured, the regulator may restrict the FDIC-insured institution s rate of growth, require the FDIC-insured institution to increase its capital, restrict the rates that the institution pays on deposits or require the institution to take any action that the regulator deems appropriate under the circumstances. Operating in an unsafe or unsound manner will also constitute grounds for other enforcement action by the federal bank regulatory agencies, including cease and desist orders and civil money penalty assessments. 
 
 During the past decade, the bank regulatory agencies have increasingly emphasized the importance of sound risk management processes and strong internal controls when evaluating the activities of the FDIC-insured institutions that they supervise. Properly managing risks has been identified as critical to the conduct of safe and sound banking activities and has become even more important as new technologies, product innovation, and the size and speed of financial transactions have changed the nature of banking markets. The agencies have identified a spectrum of risks facing a banking institution including, but not limited to, credit, market, liquidity, operational, legal and reputational risk. The key risk themes identified for 2023 are discussed under Risk Factors. West Bank is expected to have active board and senior management oversight; adequate policies, procedures and limits; adequate risk measurement, monitoring and management information systems; and comprehensive internal controls. 
 
 Privacy and Cybersecurity . West Bank is subject to many U.S. federal and state laws and regulations governing requirements for maintaining policies and procedures to protect non-public confidential information of their customers. These laws require West Bank to periodically disclose its privacy policies and practices relating to sharing such information and permit consumers to opt out of their ability to share information with unaffiliated third parties under certain circumstances. They also impact West Bank s ability to share certain information with affiliates and non-affiliates for marketing and/or non-marketing purposes, or to contact customers with marketing offers. In addition, as a part of its operational risk mitigation, West Bank is required to implement a comprehensive information security program that includes administrative, technical, and physical safeguards to ensure the security and confidentiality of customer records and information and to require the same of its service providers. These security and privacy policies and procedures are in effect across all business lines and geographic locations. 

14 

Table of Contents 
 West Bancorporation, Inc. and Subsidiary 

Branching Authority . Iowa banks, such as West Bank, have the authority under Iowa law to establish branches anywhere in the State of Iowa, subject to receipt of all required regulatory approvals. The Dodd-Frank Act permits well-capitalized and well-managed banks to establish new interstate branches or the acquisition of individual branches of a bank in another state (rather than the acquisition of an out-of-state bank in its entirety) without impediments. Federal law permits state and national banks to merge with banks in other states subject to: (i) regulatory approval; (ii) federal and state deposit concentration limits; and (iii) state law limitations requiring the merging bank to have been in existence for a minimum period of time (not to exceed five years) prior to the merger. 
 
 Transaction Account Reserves . Federal law requires FDIC-insured institutions to maintain reserves against their transaction accounts (primarily NOW and regular checking accounts) to provide liquidity. The amount of reserves is established by the Federal Reserve based on tranches of zero, three and ten percent of a bank s transaction account deposits. However, in March 2020, in an unprecedented move, the Federal Reserve announced that the banking system had ample reserves, and, as reserve requirements no longer played a significant role in this regime, it reduced all reserve tranches to zero percent, thereby freeing banks from the legally mandated reserve maintenance requirement. The action permits West Bank to loan or invest funds that were previously unavailable. The Federal Reserve has indicated that it expects to continue to operate in an ample reserves regime for the foreseeable future. 
 
 Community Reinvestment Act Requirements . CRA requires West Bank to have a continuing and affirmative obligation in a safe and sound manner to help meet the credit needs of its entire community, including low- and moderate-income neighborhoods. Federal regulators regularly assess West Bank s record of meeting the credit needs of its communities. Applications for additional acquisitions would be affected by the evaluation of West Bank s effectiveness in meeting its CRA requirements. 
 
 In May 2022, the bank regulatory agencies issued a notice of proposed rulemaking called the Joint Proposal to Strengthen and Modernize Community Reinvestment Act Regulations (the CRA Proposal ). The CRA Proposal is designed to update how CRA activities qualify for consideration, where CRA activities are considered, and how CRA activities are evaluated. More specifically, the bank regulatory agencies described the goals of the CRA Proposal as follows: (i) to expand access to credit, investment, and basic banking services in low and moderate income communities; (ii) to adapt to changes in the banking industry, including mobile and internet banking by modernizing assessment areas while maintaining a focus on branch based areas; (iii) to provide greater clarity, consistency, and transparency in the application of the regulations through the use of standardized metrics as part of CRA evaluation and clarifying eligible CRA activities focused on low and moderate income communities and under served rural communities; (iv) to tailor CRA rules and data collection to bank size and business model; and (v) to maintain a unified approach among the regulators. A final rule has not yet been issued. 
 
 Anti-Money Laundering . The Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001 (USA PATRIOT Act), the Bank Secrecy Act and other similar laws are designed to deny terrorists and criminals the ability to obtain access to the U.S. financial system and have significant implications for FDIC-insured institutions and other businesses involved in the transfer of money. These laws mandate financial services companies to have policies and procedures with respect to measures designed to address any or all of the following matters: (i) customer identification programs; (ii) money laundering; (iii) terrorist financing; (iv) identifying and reporting suspicious activities and currency transactions; (v) currency crimes; and (vi) cooperation between FDIC-insured institutions and law enforcement authorities. 
 
 Concentrations in Commercial Real Estate . Concentration risk exists when FDIC-insured institutions deploy too many assets to any one industry or segment. A concentration in commercial real estate (CRE) is one example of regulatory concern. The interagency Concentrations in Commercial Real Estate Lending, Sound Risk Management Practices guidance (CRE Guidance) provides supervisory criteria, including the following numerical indicators, to assist bank examiners in identifying banks with potentially significant commercial real estate loan concentrations that may warrant greater supervisory scrutiny: (i) CRE loans exceeding 300 percent of capital and increasing 50 percent or more in the preceding three years; or (ii) construction and land development loans exceeding 100 percent of capital. The CRE Guidance does not limit banks levels of CRE lending activities, but rather guides institutions in developing risk management practices and levels of capital that are commensurate with the level and nature of their commercial real estate concentrations. On December 18, 2015, the federal banking agencies issued a statement to reinforce prudent risk-management practices related to CRE lending, having observed substantial growth in many CRE asset and lending markets, increased competitive pressures, rising CRE concentrations in banks, and an easing of CRE underwriting standards. The federal bank agencies reminded FDIC-insured institutions to maintain underwriting discipline and exercise prudent risk-management practices to identify, measure, monitor and manage the risks arising from CRE lending. In addition, FDIC-insured institutions must maintain capital commensurate with the level and nature of their CRE concentration risk. 
 
 West Bank has historically exceeded, and continues to exceed, the 300 percent guideline for commercial real estate loans. Additional monitoring processes have been implemented to manage this increased risk. 
 15 

Table of Contents 
 West Bancorporation, Inc. and Subsidiary 

Consumer Financial Services . The historical structure of federal consumer protection regulation applicable to all providers of consumer financial products and services changed significantly on July 21, 2011, when the CFPB commenced operations to supervise and enforce consumer protection laws. The CFPB has broad rulemaking authority for a wide range of consumer protection laws that apply to all providers of consumer products and services, including West Bank, as well as the authority to prohibit unfair, deceptive or abusive acts and practices. The CFPB has examination and enforcement authority over providers with more than 10 billion in assets. FDIC-insured institutions with 10 billion or less in assets, like West Bank, continue to be examined by their applicable bank regulators. 
 
 Because abuses in connection with residential mortgages were a significant factor contributing to the global financial crisis, many new rules issued by the CFPB, as required by the Dodd-Frank Act, addressed mortgage and mortgage-related products, their underwriting, origination, servicing and sales. The Dodd-Frank Act significantly expanded underwriting requirements applicable to loans secured by 1-4 family residential real property and augmented federal law combating predatory lending practices. In addition to numerous disclosure requirements, the Dodd-Frank Act and the CFPB s enabling rules imposed new standards for mortgage loan originations on all lenders, including banks and savings associations, in an effort to strongly encourage lenders to verify a borrower s ability to repay, while also establishing a presumption of compliance for certain qualified mortgages. The CFPB has from time to time released additional rules as to qualified mortgages and the borrower s ability to repay. The CFPB s rules have not had a significant impact on West Bank s operations, except for higher compliance costs. 
 
 ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 
 
 The principal executive offices of the Company are located at 1601 22 nd Street, West Des Moines, Iowa 50266. The Company s telephone number is (515) 222-2300, and its internet address is www.westbankstrong.com. Copies of the Company s annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and any amendments thereto are available for viewing or downloading free of charge from the Investor Relations section of the Company s website as soon as reasonably practicable after the documents are filed with or furnished to the SEC. Copies of the Company s filings with the SEC are also available from the SEC s website (www.sec.gov) free of charge. 
 
 16 

Table of Contents 
 West Bancorporation, Inc. and Subsidiary 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 
 West Bancorporation s business is conducted almost exclusively through West Bank. West Bancorporation and West Bank are subject to many of the common risks that challenge publicly traded, regulated financial institutions. An investment in West Bancorporation s common stock is also subject to the following specific risks. In addition to the risks and uncertainties described below, other risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial also may materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Risks Related to Credit Quality 
 
 We must effectively manage the credit risks of our loan portfolio. 
 
 The largest component of West Bank s income is interest received on loans. Our business depends on the creditworthiness of our customers. There are risks inherent in making loans, including risks of nonpayment, risks resulting from uncertainties of the future value of collateral, and risks resulting from changes in economic and industry conditions. We attempt to reduce our credit risk through prudent loan application, underwriting and approval procedures, including internal loan reviews before and after proceeds have been disbursed, careful monitoring of the concentration of our loans within specific industries, and collateral and guarantee requirements. These procedures cannot, however, be expected to completely eliminate our credit risks, and we can make no guarantees concerning the strength of our loan portfolio. 
 
 The information that we use in managing our credit risk may be inaccurate or incomplete, which may result in an increased risk of default and otherwise have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 In deciding whether to extend credit or enter into other transactions with clients and counterparties, we may rely on information furnished by or on behalf of clients and counterparties, including financial statements and other financial information. We also may rely on representations of clients and counterparties as to the accuracy and completeness of that information and, with respect to financial statements, on reports of independent auditors. Although we regularly review our credit exposure to specific clients and counterparties and to specific industries that we believe may present credit concerns, default risk may arise from events or circumstances that are difficult to detect, such as fraud. Moreover, such circumstances, including fraud, may become more likely to occur or be detected in periods of general economic uncertainty. We may also fail to receive full information with respect to the risks of a counterparty. In addition, in cases where we have extended credit against collateral, we may find that we are under-secured, for example, as a result of sudden declines in market values that reduce the value of collateral or due to fraud with respect to such collateral. If such events or circumstances were to occur, it could result in potential loss of revenue and have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Our loan portfolio includes commercial loans, which involve risks specific to commercial borrowers. 
 
 West Bank s loan portfolio includes a significant amount of commercial real estate loans, construction and land development loans, commercial lines of credit and commercial term loans. West Bank s typical commercial borrower is a small- or medium-sized, privately owned Iowa or Minnesota business entity. Commercial loans often have large balances, and repayment usually depends on the borrowers successful business operations. Commercial loans also are generally not fully repaid over the loan period and thus may require refinancing or a large payoff at maturity. If the general economy turns downward, commercial borrowers may not be able to repay their loans, and the value of their assets, which are usually pledged as collateral, may decrease rapidly and significantly. Also, when credit markets tighten due to adverse developments in specific markets or the general economy, opportunities for refinancing may become more expensive or unavailable, resulting in loan defaults. 
 
 Our loan portfolio includes commercial real estate loans, which involve risks specific to real estate values. 
 
 Commercial real estate loans were a significant portion of our total loan portfolio as of December 31, 2022. The market value of real estate can fluctuate significantly in a short period of time as a result of market conditions in the geographic area in which the real estate is located. Adverse developments affecting real estate values in one or more of our markets could increase the credit risk associated with our loan portfolio. Additionally, commercial real estate lending typically involves higher loan principal amounts, and repayment of the loans is generally dependent, in large part, on sufficient income from the properties securing the loans to cover operating expenses and debt service. Economic events or governmental regulations outside of the control of the borrower or lender could negatively impact the future cash flows and market values of the affected properties. 

17 

Table of Contents 
 West Bancorporation, Inc. and Subsidiary 

If the loans that are collateralized by real estate become troubled and the value of the real estate has been significantly impaired, then we may not be able to recover the full contractual amount of principal and interest that we anticipated at the time of originating the loans, which could cause us to charge off all or a portion of the loans. This could lead to an increased provision for loan losses and adversely affect our operating results and financial condition. 
 
 The level of our commercial real estate loan portfolio may subject us to additional regulatory scrutiny. 
 
 The federal banking regulators have promulgated joint guidance on sound risk management practices for financial institutions with concentrations in commercial real estate lending. Under the CRE Guidance, a financial institution that, like West Bank, is actively involved in commercial real estate lending should perform a risk assessment to identify concentrations. A financial institution may have a concentration in commercial real estate lending if, among other factors (i) total reported loans for construction, land development, and other land represent 100 percent or more of total capital, or (ii) total reported loans secured by multifamily and non-farm non-residential properties, loans for construction, land development and other land, and loans otherwise sensitive to the general commercial real estate market, including loans to commercial real estate related entities, represent 300 percent or more of total capital. Based on these criteria, West Bank had concentrations of 80 percent and 398 percent, respectively, as of December 31, 2022. The purpose of the CRE Guidance is to assist banks in developing risk management practices and capital levels commensurate with the level and nature of commercial real estate concentrations. The CRE Guidance states that management should employ heightened risk management practices, including board and management oversight, strategic planning, development of underwriting standards, and risk assessment and monitoring through market analysis and stress testing. West Bank believes that its current risk management processes adequately address the regulatory guidance; however, there can be no guarantee of the effectiveness of the risk management processes on an ongoing basis. 
 
 We are subject to environmental liability risk associated with real estate collateral securing our loans. 
 
 A significant portion of our loan portfolio is secured by real property. Under certain circumstances, we may take title to the real property collateral through foreclosure or other means. As the titleholder of the property, we may be responsible for environmental risks, such as hazardous materials, which attach to the property. For these reasons, prior to extending credit, we have an environmental risk assessment program to identify any known environmental risks associated with the real property that will secure our loans. In addition, we routinely inspect properties following the taking of title. When environmental risks are found, environmental laws and regulations may prescribe our approach to remediation. As a result, while we have ownership of a property, we may incur substantial expense and bear potential liability for any damages caused. The environmental risks may also materially reduce the property s value or limit our ability to use or sell the property. We also cannot guarantee that our environmental risk assessment will detect all environmental issues relating to a property, which could subject us to additional liability. 
 
 Risks Related to Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 
 Our allowance for loan losses may be insufficient to absorb potential losses in our loan portfolio. 
 
 We maintain an allowance for loan losses at a level we believe adequate to absorb probable losses inherent in our existing loan portfolio. The level of the allowance reflects management s continuing evaluation of industry concentrations; specific credit risks; credit loss experience; current loan portfolio quality; present economic, political and regulatory conditions; and unidentified losses inherent in the current loan portfolio. 
 
 Determination of the allowance is inherently subjective as it requires significant estimates and management s judgment of credit risks and future trends, all of which may undergo material changes. Deterioration in economic conditions affecting borrowers, new information regarding existing loans, identification of additional problem loans and other factors, both within and outside of our control, may require an increase in the allowance for loan losses. In addition, bank regulatory agencies periodically review our allowance and may require an increase in the provision for loan losses or the recognition of additional loan charge-offs, based on judgments different from those of management. Also, if charge-offs in future periods exceed the allowance for loan losses, we will need additional provisions to increase the allowance. Any increases in provisions will result in a decrease in net income and capital and may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

18 

Table of Contents 
 West Bancorporation, Inc. and Subsidiary 

The Current Expected Credit Loss accounting standard could require us to increase our allowance for loan losses and may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 The FASB issued a new accounting standard that became effective for the Company beginning on January 1, 2023. This standard, referred to as Current Expected Credit Loss (CECL), requires the Company to determine periodic estimates of lifetime expected credit losses on loans and recognize the expected credit losses as allowances for loan losses. This changed the Company s previous methodology of providing for loan losses that are probable. Utilizing objective and subjective factors, the Company now maintains, as of January 1, 2023, an allowance for credit losses, established through a provision for credit losses charged to expense, to cover its estimate of the current expected credit losses in its loan and securities portfolios. In determining the size of this allowance, the Company utilizes estimates based on analyses of volume and types of loans, internal loan classifications, trends in classifications, volume and trends in delinquencies, nonaccruals and charge-offs, loss experience of various loan categories, national and local economic conditions, including unemployment statistics, industry and peer bank loan quality indications, and other pertinent factors and information. Expected losses are difficult to forecast, especially if those losses stem from factors beyond the Company s historical experience or are otherwise inconsistent with its credit quality assessments. If the Company s assumptions are inaccurate, its current allowance may not be sufficient to cover potential credit losses, and additional provisions may be necessary which would negatively impact its results of operations and financial condition. Any subsequent increase in our allowance for credit losses or expenses incurred to determine the appropriate level of the allowance for credit losses will result in a decrease in net income and capital and may have a material adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations. Moreover, the CECL model may create more volatility in our level of allowance for credit losses and could result in the need for additional capital. 
 
 Our accounting policies and methods are the basis for how we report our financial condition and results of operations, and they may require management to make estimates about matters that are inherently uncertain. 
 
 Our accounting policies and methods are fundamental to how we record and report our financial condition and results of operations. Our management must exercise judgment in selecting and applying many of these accounting policies and methods in order to ensure they comply with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) and reflect management s judgment as to the most appropriate manner in which to record and report our financial condition and results of operations. In some cases, management must select the accounting policy or method to apply from two or more alternatives, any of which might be reasonable under the circumstances. The application of that chosen accounting policy or method might result in us reporting different amounts than would have been reported under a different alternative. If management s estimates or assumptions are incorrect, the Company may experience a material loss. 
 
 From time to time, the FASB and the SEC change the financial accounting and reporting standards or the interpretation of those standards that govern the preparation of our financial statements. These changes are beyond our control, can be difficult to predict and could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 If a significant portion of any unrealized losses in our portfolio of investment securities were to incur credit losses, we would recognize a material charge to our earnings, and our capital ratios would be adversely impacted. 
 
 Factors beyond our control can significantly influence the fair value of investment securities in our portfolio and can cause potential adverse changes to the fair value of those securities. These factors include, but are not limited to, changes in interest rates, rating agency downgrades of the securities, defaults by the issuer or individual mortgagors with respect to the underlying securities, and instability in the credit markets. Any of the foregoing factors could result in realized losses in future periods. 
 
 We analyze our investment securities quarterly to determine whether, in the opinion of management, any of the securities have credit losses. To the extent that any portion of the unrealized losses in our portfolio of investment securities is determined to have credit losses, we will recognize a charge to our earnings in the quarter during which such determination is made, and our capital ratios will be adversely impacted. Generally, a fixed income security is determined to have credit losses when it appears unlikely that we will receive all the principal and interest due in accordance with the original terms of the investment. In addition to credit losses, losses are recognized for a security with an unrealized loss if the Company has the intent to sell the security or if it is more likely than not that the Company will be required to sell the security before collection of the principal amount. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, we had 138,732 of net unrealized losses in our securities portfolio. If we are forced to liquidate any of those investments prior to maturity, including because of a lack of liquidity, we would recognize as a charge to earnings the losses attributable to those securities. Our securities portfolio has an average duration of 6.7 years, so we expect an increase in unrealized losses if interest rates continue to increase in 2023. 
 
 19 

Table of Contents 
 West Bancorporation, Inc. and Subsidiary 

Failure to maintain effective internal controls over financial reporting could impair our ability to accurately and timely report our financial results and could increase the risk of fraud. 
 
 Effective internal controls over financial reporting are necessary to provide reliable financial reports and prevent fraud. Management believes that our internal controls over financial reporting are currently effective. While management will continue to assess our controls and procedures and take immediate action to remediate any future perceived issues, there can be no guarantee of the effectiveness of these controls and procedures on an ongoing basis. Any failure to maintain an effective internal control environment could impact our ability to report our financial results on an accurate and timely basis, which could result in regulatory actions, loss of investor confidence, and an adverse impact on our business operations and stock price. 
 
 Risks Related to Information Security and Business Interruption 
 
 The occurrence of fraudulent activity, breaches or failures of our information security controls or cybersecurity-related incidents could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects. 
 
 As a bank, we are susceptible to fraudulent activity, information security breaches and cybersecurity-related incidents that may be committed against us or our clients, which may result in financial losses or increased costs to us or our customers, disclosure or misuse of our information or our client information, misappropriation of assets, privacy breaches against our customers, litigation or damage to our reputation. Such fraudulent activity may take many forms, including check fraud, electronic fraud, wire fraud, phishing, social engineering and other dishonest acts. Information security breaches and cybersecurity-related incidents may include fraudulent or unauthorized access to systems used by us, our customers or third-party vendors, denial or degradation of service attacks, and malware or other cyber attacks. 
 
 There continues to be a rise in electronic fraudulent activity, security breaches and cyber attacks within the financial services industry, especially in the commercial banking sector due to cyber-criminals targeting commercial bank accounts. Moreover, in recent periods, several large corporations, including financial institutions and retail companies, have suffered major data breaches, in some cases exposing not only confidential and proprietary corporate information, but also sensitive financial and other personal information of their customers and employees and subjecting them to potential fraudulent activity. Some of our customers may have been affected by these breaches, which could increase their risks of identity theft and other fraudulent activity that could involve their accounts with us. 
 
 Information pertaining to us and our customers is maintained, and transactions are executed, on networks and systems maintained by us and certain third-party partners, such as our online banking, mobile banking and core deposit and loan recordkeeping systems. The secure maintenance and transmission of confidential information, as well as execution of transactions over these systems, are essential to protect us and our customers against fraud and security breaches and to maintain the confidence of our customers. Breaches of information security also may occur through intentional or unintentional acts by those having access to our systems or the confidential information of our customers, including employees. In addition, increases in criminal activity levels and sophistication, advances in computer capabilities, new discoveries, vulnerabilities in third-party technologies (including browsers and operating systems), or other developments could result in a compromise or breach of the technology, processes and controls that we use to prevent fraudulent transactions and to protect data about us, our customers and underlying transactions, as well as the technology used by our customers to access our systems. Our third-party partners inability to anticipate, or failure to adequately mitigate, breaches of security could result in a number of negative events, including losses to us or our customers, loss of business or customers, damage to our reputation, the incurrence of additional expenses, disruption to our business, additional regulatory scrutiny or penalties, or our exposure to civil litigation and possible financial liability, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects. 
 
 Furthermore, there has been heightened legislative and regulatory focus on privacy, data protection and information security. New or revised laws and regulations may significantly impact our current and planned privacy, data protection and information security-related practices, the collection, use, retention and safeguarding of customer and employee information, and current or planned business activities. Compliance with current or future privacy, data protection and information security laws could result in higher compliance and technology costs and could restrict our ability to provide certain products and services, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

20 

Table of Contents 
 West Bancorporation, Inc. and Subsidiary 

We depend on information technology and telecommunications systems of third parties, and any systems failures, interruptions or data breaches involving these systems could adversely affect our operations and financial condition. 
 
 Our business is highly dependent on the successful and uninterrupted functioning of our information technology and telecommunications systems, third-party servicers, accounting systems, mobile and online banking platforms and financial intermediaries. We outsource to third parties many of our major systems, such as data processing and mobile and online banking. The failure of these systems, or the termination of a third-party software license or service agreement on which any of these systems is based, could interrupt our operations. Because our information technology and telecommunications systems interface with and depend on third-party systems, we could experience service denials if demand for such services exceeds capacity or such third-party systems fail or experience interruptions. A system failure or service denial could result in a deterioration of our ability to process loans or gather deposits and provide customer service, compromise our ability to operate effectively, result in potential noncompliance with applicable laws or regulations, damage our reputation, result in a loss of customer business or subject us to additional regulatory scrutiny and possible financial liability, any of which could have a material adverse effect on business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects. In addition, failures of third parties to comply with applicable laws and regulations, or fraud or misconduct on the part of employees of any of these third parties, could disrupt our operations or adversely affect our reputation. 
 
 It may be difficult for us to replace some of our third-party vendors, particularly vendors providing our core banking and information services, in a timely manner if they are unwilling or unable to provide us with these services in the future for any reason, and even if we are able to replace them, it might be at higher cost or result in the loss of customers. Any such events could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects. 
 
 Our operations rely heavily on the secure processing, storage and transmission of information and the monitoring of a large number of transactions on a minute-by-minute basis, and even a short interruption in service could have significant consequences. We also interact with and rely on retailers, for whom we process transactions, as well as financial counterparties and regulators. Each of these third parties may be targets of the same types of fraudulent activity, computer break-ins and other cybersecurity breaches described above, and the cybersecurity measures that they maintain to mitigate the risk of such activity may be different than our own and may be inadequate. 
 
 As a result of financial entities and technology systems becoming more interdependent and complex, a cyber incident, information breach or loss, or technology failure that compromises the systems or data of one or more financial entities could have a material impact on counterparties or other market participants, including ourselves. As a result of the foregoing, our ability to conduct business may be adversely affected by any significant disruptions to us or to third parties with whom we interact. 
 
 Other Risks Related to West Bank s Operations 
 
 We are subject to liquidity risks. 
 
 West Bank maintains liquidity primarily through customer deposits and other short-term funding sources, including advances from the Federal Home Loan Bank (FHLB), brokered CDs and purchased federal funds. 
 
 If economic influences change so that we do not have access to short-term credit, or our depositors withdraw a substantial amount of their funds for other uses, West Bank might experience liquidity issues. Our efforts to monitor and manage liquidity risk may not be successful or sufficient to deal with dramatic or unanticipated reductions in our liquidity. If this were to occur and additional short-term borrowings or debt is needed for liquidity purposes in the future, there can be no assurance that such borrowings or debt would be available or, if available, would be on favorable terms. If we increase our short-term borrowings or debt, our cost of funds will increase, thereby reducing our net interest income, or we may need to sell a portion of our investment portfolio, which, depending upon market conditions, could result in the Company or West Bank realizing losses. At December 31, 2022, our borrowed funds increased to 485.9 million, compared to 199.9 million at December 31, 2021. The increase included 58.9 million in subordinated notes that were issued in June 2022, 30.0 million in FHLB advances associated with a long-term interest rate swap and 197.1 million in federal funds purchased and other short-term borrowings. As a result, our cost of funds has increased and caused a decline in our net interest income and net interest margin in 2022, as compared to 2021. Although we believe West Bank s current sources of funds are adequate for its liquidity needs, there can be no assurance in this regard for the future. 

21 

Table of Contents 
 West Bancorporation, Inc. and Subsidiary 

The competition for banking and financial services in our market areas is high, which could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 We operate in highly competitive markets and face strong competition in originating loans, seeking deposits and offering our other services. We compete in making loans, attracting deposits, and recruiting and retaining talented employees. The Des Moines metropolitan market area, in particular, has attracted many new financial institutions within the last two decades. We also compete with nonbank financial service providers, such as FinTech companies, many of which are not subject to the same regulatory restrictions that we are and may be able to compete more effectively as a result. 
 
 Customer loyalty can be influenced by a competitor s new products, especially if those offerings are priced lower than our products. Some of our competitors may also be better able to attract customers because they provide products and services over a larger geographic area than we serve. This competitive climate can make it more difficult to establish and maintain relationships with new and existing customers, can lower the rate that we are able to charge on loans, and can affect our charges for other services. Our growth and profitability depend on our continued ability to compete effectively within our markets, and our inability to do so could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Loss of customer deposits due to increased competition could increase our funding costs. 
 
 We rely on customer deposits to be a low cost and stable source of funding. We compete with banks and other financial services companies, including digital asset service providers, for deposits. If our competitors raise the rates they pay on deposits, our funding costs may increase, either because we raise our rates to avoid losing deposits or because we lose deposits and must rely on more expensive sources of funding. Higher funding costs could reduce our net interest margin and net interest income and could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Damage to our reputation could adversely affect our business. 
 
 Our business depends upon earning and maintaining the trust and confidence of our customers, stockholders and employees. Damage to our reputation could cause significant harm to our business. Harm to our reputation can arise from numerous sources, including employee misconduct, vendor nonperformance, cybersecurity breaches, compliance failures, litigation or governmental investigations, among other things. In addition, a failure to deliver appropriate standards of service, or a failure or perceived failure to treat customers and clients fairly, can result in customer dissatisfaction, litigation, and heightened regulatory scrutiny, all of which can lead to lost revenue, higher operating costs and harm to our reputation. Adverse publicity about West Bank, whether or not true, may also result in harm to our business. Should any events or circumstances that could undermine our reputation occur, there can be no assurance that any lost revenue from customers opting to move their business to another institution and the additional costs and expenses that we may incur in addressing such issues would not adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 We are subject to various legal claims and litigation. 
 
 We are periodically involved in routine litigation incidental to our business. Regardless of whether these claims and legal actions are founded or unfounded, if such legal actions are not resolved in a manner favorable to us, they may result in significant financial liability and/or adversely affect the Company s reputation. In addition, litigation can be costly. Any financial liability, litigation costs or reputational damage caused by these legal claims could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 The soundness of other financial institutions could adversely affect us. 
 
 Financial services institutions are interrelated as a result of trading, clearing, counterparty or other relationships. We have exposure to many different industries and counterparties, and we routinely execute transactions with counterparties in the financial services industry, including brokers and dealers, commercial banks, investment banks and other institutional clients. Many of these transactions expose us to credit risk in the event of default by our counterparty or client. In addition, our credit risk may be exacerbated when the collateral held by us cannot be realized or is liquidated at prices not sufficient to recover the full amount of the loan or derivative exposure due us. There is no assurance that any such losses would not materially and adversely affect our results of operations or earnings. 

22 

Table of Contents 
 West Bancorporation, Inc. and Subsidiary 

We may experience difficulties in managing our growth. 
 
 In the future, we may decide to expand into additional communities or attempt to strengthen our position in our current markets through opportunistic acquisitions of all or part of other financial institutions or related businesses or through the hiring of teams of bankers from other financial institutions that we believe provide a strategic fit with our business, or by opening new locations. To the extent that we undertake acquisitions or new office openings, we are likely to experience the effects of higher operating expense relative to operating income from the new operations, which may have an adverse effect on our overall levels of reported net income, return on average equity and return on average assets. To the extent we hire teams of bankers from other financial institutions, our salaries and employee benefits expense will likely increase, which may have an adverse effect on our net income, without any guarantee that the new banking team will be successful in generating new business. Other effects of engaging in such growth strategies may include potential diversion of our management s time and attention and general disruption to our business. 
 
 To the extent that we grow through acquisitions or office openings, we cannot provide assurance that we will be able to adequately or profitably manage such growth. Acquiring other banks and businesses will involve risks similar to those commonly associated with new office openings, but may also involve additional risks. These additional risks include potential exposure to unknown or contingent liabilities of banks and businesses we acquire, exposure to potential asset quality issues of the acquired bank or related business, difficulty and expense of integrating the operations and personnel of banks and businesses we acquire, and the possible loss of key employees and customers of the banks and businesses we acquire. 
 
 Maintaining or increasing our market share may depend on lowering prices and the adoption of new products and services. 
 
 Our success depends, in part, on our ability to adapt our products and services to evolving industry standards and customer needs. There may be increased pressure to provide products and services at lower prices. Lower prices can reduce our net interest margin and revenues from our fee-based products and services. In addition, the widespread adoption of new technologies could require us to make substantial expenditures to modify or adapt our existing products and services. Also, these and other capital investments in our business may not produce expected growth in earnings anticipated at the time of the expenditure. We may not be successful in introducing new products and services, achieving market acceptance of our products and services, or developing and maintaining loyal customers. 
 
 The loss of the services of any of our senior executive officers or key personnel could cause our business to suffer. 
 
 Much of our success is due to our ability to attract and retain senior management and key personnel experienced in banking and financial services who are very involved in the communities we currently serve. Our continued success depends to a significant extent upon the continued services of relatively few individuals. In addition, our success depends in significant part upon our senior management s ability to develop and implement our business strategies. The loss of services of a few of our senior executive officers or key personnel, or the inability to recruit and retain qualified personnel in the future, could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations, at least in the short term. 
 
 Labor shortages and a failure to attract and retain qualified employees could negatively impact our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 A number of factors may adversely affect the labor force available to us or increase labor costs, including high employment levels and decreased labor force size and participation rates. Although we have not experienced any material labor shortage to date, we have recently observed an overall tightening and increasingly competitive local labor market. A sustained labor shortage or increased turnover rates within our employee base could lead to increased costs, such as increased compensation expense to attract and retain employees. 
 
 In addition, if we are unable to hire and retain employees capable of performing at a high-level, or if mitigation measures we take to respond to a decrease in labor availability have unintended negative effects, our business could be adversely affected. An overall labor shortage, lack of skilled labor, increased turnover or labor inflation, caused by general macroeconomic factors, could have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

23 

Table of Contents 
 West Bancorporation, Inc. and Subsidiary 

Changes in interest rates could negatively impact our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Earnings in the banking industry, particularly the community bank segment, are substantially dependent on net interest income, which is the difference between interest earned on interest-earning assets (securities and loans) and interest paid on interest-bearing liabilities (deposits and borrowings). Interest rates are sensitive to many factors, including government monetary and fiscal policies, domestic and international economic and political conditions and competition. If interest rates continue to increase, which is expected in 2023, banks will experience competitive pressures to further increase rates paid on deposits. It is currently expected that during 2023, and perhaps beyond, the Federal Open Market Committee of the Federal Reserve, or FOMC, will continue to increase interest rates to reduce the rate of inflation. In 2022, the FOMC increased, at various dates throughout the year, the target range for the federal funds rate from 0.00 percent to 0.25 percent to a range of 4.25 percent to 4.50 percent. All of these increases were expressly made in response to inflationary pressures, which are currently expected to continue in 2023. If the FOMC further increases the targeted federal funds rates, overall interest rates likely will rise, which may negatively impact the entire national economy. In addition, our net interest income could be adversely affected if the rates we pay on deposits and borrowings increase more rapidly than the rates we earn on loans and other assets. Rising interest rates also may reduce the demand for loans and the value of fixed-rate securities. These effects from interest rate changes or from other sustained economic stress or a recession, among other matters, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity, and results of operations. 
 
 A large percentage of our securities have fixed interest rates and are classified as available for sale. As is the case with many financial institutions, our emphasis on increasing the development of core deposits, those with no stated maturity date, has resulted in our interest-bearing liabilities having a shorter duration than our interest-earning assets. This imbalance can create significant earnings volatility because interest rates change over time. As interest rates have increased, our cost of funds has increased more rapidly than the yields on a substantial portion of our interest-earning assets. In addition, the market value of our securities portfolio has declined in recent periods. At December 31, 2022, we had 138,732 of net unrealized losses in the securities portfolio. In line with the foregoing, we have experienced and may continue to experience an increase in the cost of interest-bearing liabilities, primarily due to raising the rates we pay on some of our deposit products to stay competitive within our market, and an increase in borrowing costs from increases in the federal funds rate. Community banks, such as West Bank, rely more heavily than larger institutions on net interest income as a revenue source. Larger institutions generally have more diversified sources of noninterest income. 
 
 Our business is subject to domestic and, to a lesser extent, international economic conditions and other factors, many of which are beyond our control and could materially and adversely affect us. 
 
 Our financial performance generally, and in particular the ability of customers to pay interest on and repay principal on outstanding loans and the value of collateral securing those loans, as well as demand for loans and other products and services we offer, is highly dependent upon the business environment, not only in the markets where we operate, but also in the states of Iowa and Minnesota, generally, in the United States as a whole, and internationally. A favorable business environment is generally characterized by, among other factors, economic growth, efficient capital markets, low inflation, low unemployment, high business and investor confidence, and strong business earnings. Unfavorable or uncertain economic and market conditions can be caused by declines in economic growth, business activity, or investor or business confidence; limitations on the availability or increases in the cost of credit and capital; increases in inflation or interest rates; high unemployment; uncertainty in U.S. trade policies, legislation, treaties and tariffs; natural disasters; acts of war or terrorism; widespread disease or pandemics; or a combination of these or other factors. Such unfavorable conditions could materially and adversely affect us. 
 
 The financial markets and the global economy may also be adversely affected by the current or anticipated impact of military conflict, including the current conflict between Russia and Ukraine, which is increasing volatility in commodity and energy prices, creating supply chain issues and causing instability in financial markets. Sanctions imposed by the United States and other countries in response to such conflict could further adversely impact the financial markets and the global economy, and any economic countermeasures by the affected countries or others could exacerbate market and economic instability. The specific consequences of the conflict in Ukraine on our business is difficult to predict at this time, but in addition to inflationary pressures affecting our operations and those of our customers and borrowers, we may also experience an increase in cyberattacks against us, our customers and borrowers, service providers and other third parties. 

24 

Table of Contents 
 West Bancorporation, Inc. and Subsidiary 

Continued elevated levels of inflation could adversely impact our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 The United States has recently experienced elevated levels of inflation, with the consumer price index climbing approximately 7.1 percent in 2022. Inflationary pressures are currently expected to continue into 2023. Continued levels of inflation could have complex effects on our business, results of operations and financial condition, some of which could be materially adverse. For example, while we generally expect any inflation-related increases in our interest expense to be offset by increases in our interest revenue, inflation-driven increases in our levels of noninterest expense could negatively impact our results of operations. Continued elevated levels of inflation could also cause increased volatility and uncertainty in the business environment, which could adversely affect loan demand and our clients ability to repay indebtedness. It is also possible that governmental responses to the current inflation environment could adversely affect our business, such as changes to monetary and fiscal policy that are too strict, or the imposition or threatened imposition of price controls. The duration and severity of the current inflationary period cannot be estimated with precision. 
 
 We are required to maintain capital to meet regulatory requirements, and if we fail to maintain sufficient capital, whether due to an inability to raise capital, operational losses, or otherwise, our financial condition, liquidity and results of operations, as well as our ability to maintain regulatory compliance, could be adversely affected. 
 
 The Company and West Bank are required by federal and state regulatory authorities to maintain adequate levels of capital to support their operations. The ability to raise additional capital, when and if needed, will depend on conditions in the capital markets, economic conditions, and a number of other factors, including investor perceptions regarding the banking industry and market conditions, and governmental activities, many of which are outside of our control, as well as on our financial condition and performance. Accordingly, we cannot provide assurance that we will be able to raise additional capital, if needed, or on terms acceptable to us. Failure to meet these capital and other regulatory requirements could affect customer confidence, our ability to grow, the costs of funds, FDIC insurance costs, the ability to pay dividends on common stock and to make distributions on the junior subordinated debentures, the ability to make acquisitions, the ability to make certain discretionary bonus payments to executive officers, and the results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Risks Related to the Supervision and Regulation of the Banking Industry and Government Policies 
 
 We may be materially and adversely affected by the highly regulated environment in which we operate. 
 
 We are subject to extensive federal and state regulation, supervision and examination. A more detailed description of the primary federal and state banking laws and regulations that affect us is contained in Item 1 of this Form 10-K in the section captioned Supervision and Regulation. Banking regulations are primarily intended to protect depositors funds, FDIC funds, customers and the banking system as a whole, rather than our stockholders. These regulations affect our lending practices, capital structure, investment practices, dividend policy and growth, among other things. 
 
 As a financial holding company, we are subject to extensive regulation and supervision and undergo periodic examinations by our regulators, who have extensive discretion and authority to prevent or remedy unsafe or unsound practices or violations of law by banks and financial holding companies. Failure to comply with applicable laws, regulations or policies could result in sanctions by regulatory agencies, civil monetary penalties and/or damage to our reputation, which could have a material adverse effect on us. Although we have policies and procedures designed to mitigate the risk of any such violations, there can be no assurance that such violations will not occur. 
 
 Current or proposed regulatory or legislative changes to laws applicable to the financial industry may impact the profitability of our business activities and may change certain of our business practices, including our ability to offer new products, obtain financing, attract deposits, make loans and achieve satisfactory interest spreads, and could expose us to additional costs, including increased compliance costs. In addition, political developments, including possible changes in law introduced by the Biden administration or the appointment of new personnel in regulatory agencies, add uncertainty to the implementation, scope and timing of regulatory reforms. These changes also may require us to invest significant management attention and resources to make any necessary changes to operations in order to comply and could therefore also materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 25 

Table of Contents 
 West Bancorporation, Inc. and Subsidiary 

Monetary policies and regulations of the Federal Reserve could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 In addition to being affected by general economic conditions, our earnings and growth are affected by the policies of the Federal Reserve. An important function of the Federal Reserve is to regulate the money supply and credit conditions. Among the options available to the Federal Reserve to implement these objectives are open market operations in U.S. government securities, adjustments of the discount rate, and changes in reserve requirements against bank deposits. These monetary policy options are used in varying combinations to influence overall economic growth and the distribution of credit, bank loans, investments and deposits. Their use also affects interest rates charged on loans or paid on deposits. 
 
 The monetary policies and regulations of the Federal Reserve have had a significant effect on the operating results of commercial banks in the past and are expected to continue to do so in the future. The specific effects of such policies upon our business, financial condition and results of operations cannot be predicted. 
 
 Other Risks Related to the Banking Industry in General 
 
 Technology is changing rapidly and may put us at a competitive disadvantage. 
 
 The banking industry is undergoing rapid technological changes with frequent introductions of new technology-driven products and services. Effective use of technology increases efficiency and enables banks to better serve customers. Our future success depends, in part, on our ability to effectively implement new technology. The widespread adoption of new technologies, including mobile banking services, cryptocurrencies and payment systems, could require us in the future to make substantial expenditures to modify or adapt our existing products and services as we grow and develop new products to satisfy our customers expectations and comply with regulatory guidance. Many of our larger competitors have substantially greater resources than we do to invest in technological improvements. As a result, they may be able to offer, or more quickly offer, additional or superior products that could put West Bank at a competitive disadvantage. 
 
 Consumers may decide not to use banks to complete their financial transactions, which could adversely affect our business and results of operations. 
 
 Technology and other changes are allowing parties to complete financial transactions that historically have involved banks through alternative methods. For example, consumers can maintain funds that would have historically been held as bank deposits in brokerage accounts or mutual funds. Consumers can also complete transactions such as paying bills and transferring funds directly without the assistance of banks. 
 
 While we do not offer products relating to digital assets, including cryptocurrencies, stablecoins and other similar assets, there has been a significant increase in digital asset adoption globally over the past several years. Certain characteristics of digital asset transactions, such as the speed with which such transactions can be conducted, the ability to transact without the involvement of regulated intermediaries, the ability to engage in transactions across multiple jurisdictions, and the anonymous nature of the transactions, are appealing to certain consumers notwithstanding the various risks posed by such transactions. Accordingly, digital asset service providers which, at present are not subject to the same degree of scrutiny and oversight as banking organizations and other financial institutions, are becoming active competitors to more traditional financial institutions. 
 
 The process of eliminating banks as intermediaries, known as disintermediation , could result in the loss of fee income, as well as the loss of customer deposits and the related income generated from deposits. The loss of these revenue streams and the lower cost deposits as a source of funds could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Potential partnerships with digital asset companies, moreover, could also entail significant investment. 
 
 A transition away from LIBOR as a reference rate for financial contracts could negatively affect our income and expenses and the value of various financial contracts. 
 
 LIBOR is used extensively in the United States and globally as a benchmark for various financial contracts, including adjustable-rate mortgages, corporate debt and interest rate swaps. LIBOR is set based on interest rate information reported by certain banks, which will stop reporting such information starting after December 31, 2021 through June 30, 2023. Other benchmarks may perform differently than LIBOR or alternative benchmarks have performed in the past or have other consequences that cannot currently be anticipated. It is also uncertain what will happen with instruments that rely on LIBOR for future interest rate adjustments and which remain outstanding if LIBOR ceases to exist. 
 
 26 

Table of Contents 
 West Bancorporation, Inc. and Subsidiary 

While there is no consensus on what rate or rates may become accepted alternatives to LIBOR, the Alternative Reference Rates Committee, a steering committee comprised of U.S. financial market participants, selected by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, started in May 2018 to publish the Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR) as an alternative to LIBOR. SOFR is a broad measure of the cost of overnight borrowings collateralized by Treasury securities that was selected by the Alternative Reference Rate Committee due to the depth and robustness of the Treasury repurchase market. At this time, it is impossible to predict whether SOFR will become an accepted alternative to LIBOR. 
 
 We have investment securities available for sale, loans, derivative contracts and subordinated debentures with attributes that are either directly or indirectly dependent on LIBOR. The transition from LIBOR to alternative rates, such as SOFR, could create considerable costs and additional risk. Since proposed alternative rates are calculated differently, payments under contracts referencing new rates will differ from those referencing LIBOR. The transition will change our market risk profiles, requiring changes to risk and pricing models, valuation tools, product design and hedging strategies. Furthermore, failure to adequately manage this transition process with our customers could adversely impact our reputation. In addition, any such transition could: (i) adversely affect the interest rates paid or received on, the revenue and expenses associated with, and the value of our floating-rate obligations, loans, deposits, derivatives, and other financial instruments tied to LIBOR rates, or other securities or financial arrangements given LIBOR s role in determining market interest rates globally; (ii) prompt inquiries or other actions from regulators in respect of our preparation and readiness for the replacement of LIBOR with an alternative reference rate; (iii) result in disputes, litigation or other actions with counterparties regarding the interpretation and enforceability of certain fallback language in LIBOR-based securities; and (iv) require the transition to or development of appropriate systems and analytics to effectively transition our risk management process from LIBOR-based products to those based on the applicable alternative pricing benchmark, such as SOFR. Although we are currently unable to assess what the ultimate impact of the transition from LIBOR will be, failure to adequately manage the transition could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Climate change could adversely affect our business, affect client activity levels and damage our reputation. 
 
 Concerns over the long-term impacts of climate change have led and will continue to lead to governmental efforts around the world to mitigate those impacts. Consumers and businesses also may change their behavior on their own as a result of these concerns. New governmental regulations or guidance relating to climate change, as well as changes in consumers and businesses behaviors and business preferences, may affect whether and on what terms and conditions we will engage in certain activities or offer certain products or services. The governmental and supervisory focus on climate change could also result in our becoming subject to new or heightened regulatory requirements, such as requirements relating to operational resiliency or stress testing for various climate stress scenarios. Any such new or heightened requirements could result in increased regulatory, compliance or other costs or higher capital requirements. In connection with the transition to a low carbon economy, legislative or public policy changes and changes in consumer sentiment could negatively impact the businesses and financial condition of our clients, which may decrease revenues from those clients and increase the credit risk associated with loans and other credit exposures to those clients. Our business, reputation and ability to attract and retain employees may also be harmed if our response to climate change is perceived to be ineffective or insufficient. 
 
 Furthermore, the long-term impacts of climate change could have a negative impact on our customers and their businesses. Physical risks include extreme storms that damage or destroy property and inventory securing loans we make, or may interrupt our customers business operations, putting them in financial difficulty, and increasing the risk of default. Our customers are also facing changes in energy and commodity prices driven by climate change, as well as new regulatory requirements resulting in increased operational costs. 
 
 Risks Related to West Bancorporation s Common Stock 
 
 Our stock is relatively thinly traded. 
 
 Although our common stock is traded on the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the average daily trading volume of our common stock is relatively small compared to many public companies. The desired market characteristics of depth, liquidity, and orderliness require the substantial presence of willing buyers and sellers in the marketplace at any given time. In our case, this presence depends on the individual decisions of a relatively small number of investors and general economic and market conditions over which we have no control. Due to the relatively small trading volume of our common stock, significant sales of our common stock, or the expectation of these sales, could cause the stock price to fall more than would be justified by the inherent worth of the Company. Conversely, attempts to purchase a significant amount of our stock could cause the market price to rise above the reasonable inherent worth of the Company. 
 
 27 

Table of Contents 
 West Bancorporation, Inc. and Subsidiary 

The stock market can be volatile, and fluctuations in our operating results and other factors could cause our stock price to decline. 
 
 The stock market has experienced, and may continue to experience, fluctuations that significantly impact the market prices of securities issued by many companies. Market fluctuations could adversely affect our stock price. These fluctuations have often been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of particular companies. These broad market fluctuations, as well as general economic, systemic, political and market conditions, such as recessions, loss of investor confidence, interest rate changes, government shutdowns, presidential elections, international trade wars or international currency fluctuations may negatively affect the market price of our common stock. Moreover, our operating results may fluctuate and vary from period to period due to the risk factors set forth herein. As a result, period-to-period comparisons should not be relied upon as an indication of future performance. Our stock price could fluctuate significantly in response to the impact of these risk factors. 
 
 Issuing additional common or preferred stock may adversely affect the market price of our common stock, and capital may not be available when needed. 
 
 The Company may issue additional shares of common or preferred stock in order to raise capital at some date in the future to support continued growth, either internally generated or through acquisitions. Common shares have been and will be issued through the Company s 2017 Equity Incentive Plan and the Company s 2021 Equity Incentive Plan as grants of restricted stock units vest. As additional shares of common or preferred stock are issued, the ownership interests of our existing stockholders may be diluted. The market price of our common stock might decline or fail to increase in response to issuing additional common or preferred stock. Our ability to raise additional capital, if needed, will depend on conditions in the capital markets at that time, which are outside of our control. Accordingly, we cannot provide any assurance that we will be able to raise additional capital, if needed, on acceptable terms. If we cannot raise additional capital when needed, our ability to further expand our operations could be materially impaired and our financial condition and liquidity could be materially and adversely affected. 
 
 The holders of our 5.25 Fixed-to-Floating Rate Subordinated Notes due in 2032 and the holders of our junior subordinated debentures have rights that are senior to those of our common stockholders. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had 20.6 million in junior subordinated debentures outstanding that were issued to the Company s subsidiary trust, West Bancorporation Capital Trust I, and 60.0 million aggregate principal amount outstanding of the Company s 5.25 Fixed-to-Floating Rate Subordinated Notes due 2032 (the Notes ). The junior subordinated debentures and the Notes are senior to the Company s shares of common stock. As a result, the Company must make payments on the junior subordinated debentures (and the related trust preferred securities (TPS)) and the Notes before any dividends can be paid on its common stock, and in the event of the Company s bankruptcy, dissolution or liquidation, the holders of the debentures and the Notes must be satisfied before any distributions can be made to the holders of the common stock. The Company has the right to defer distributions on the junior subordinated debentures (and the related TPS) for up to five years during which time no dividends may be paid to holders of the Company s common stock. The Company s ability to pay future distributions depends upon the earnings of West Bank and the issuance of dividends from West Bank to the Company, which may be inadequate to service the obligations. Interest payments on the junior subordinated debentures underlying the TPS are classified as a dividend by the Federal Reserve supervisory policies and therefore are subject to applicable restrictions and approvals imposed by the Federal Reserve Board. 
 
 There can be no assurances concerning continuing dividend payments. 
 
 Our common stockholders are only entitled to receive the dividends declared by our Board of Directors. Although we have historically paid quarterly dividends on our common stock, there can be no assurances that we will be able to continue to pay regular quarterly dividends or that any dividends we do declare will be in any particular amount. The primary source of money to pay our dividends comes from dividends paid to the Company by West Bank. West Bank s ability to pay dividends to the Company is subject to, among other things, its earnings, financial condition and applicable regulations, which in some instances limit the amount that may be paid as dividends. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 
 There are no unresolved comments from the SEC staff. 
 
 28 

Table of Contents 
 West Bancorporation, Inc. and Subsidiary 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 
 The corporate office of the Company is located in the main office building of West Bank, at 1601 22 nd Street in West Des Moines, Iowa. West Bank leases its main banking office, along with additional office space for operational departments. West Bank operates ten branch offices in addition to its main office. Four branch offices in the Des Moines, Iowa, metropolitan area are leased. Three of these branch offices are full-service locations, while one is a drive-up only, express location. West Bank also leases two full-service branch offices in Owatonna and Mankato, Minnesota. West Bank owns four full-service branch offices in Coralville and Waukee, Iowa, and Rochester and St. Cloud, Minnesota. We believe each of our facilities is adequate to meet our needs. 
 In March 2022, the Company completed construction of a new office for its St. Cloud, Minnesota branch. At that time, the previously leased location was vacated. In August 2021, West Bank purchased land in Mankato, Minnesota for the purpose of constructing a full-service office. Construction of the new office began in the first quarter of 2022 and is expected to be completed in 2023, upon which time the leased office in Mankato, Minnesota will be vacated. 
 West Bank also purchased land in West Des Moines, Iowa in the first quarter of 2022 for construction of its new corporate headquarters. Construction began in the second quarter of 2022 and is expected to be completed in 2024. Upon completion, our current headquarters will be vacated, which will coincide with lease expirations. 
 
 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 Neither the Company nor West Bank is party to any material pending legal proceedings, other than ordinary litigation incidental to West Bank s business, and no property of these entities is the subject of any such proceeding. The Company does not know of any proceedings contemplated by a governmental authority against the Company or West Bank. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 
 Not applicable. 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS, AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 
 West Bancorporation common stock is traded on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol WTBA . There were 152 holders of record of the Company s common stock as of February 17, 2023, and an estimated 5,300 additional beneficial holders whose stock was held in street name by brokerages or fiduciaries. The closing price of the Company s common stock was 21.31 on February 17, 2023. 
 
 In the aggregate, cash dividends paid to common stockholders in 2022 and 2021 were 1.00 and 0.94 per common share, respectively. Dividend declarations are evaluated and determined by the Board of Directors on a quarterly basis, and the dividends are paid quarterly. The Company intends to continue its policy of paying quarterly dividends; however, the ability of the Company to pay dividends in the future will depend primarily upon the earnings of West Bank and its ability to pay dividends to the Company, as well as regulatory requirements of the Federal Reserve relating to the payment of dividends by bank holding companies. The ability of West Bank to pay dividends is governed by various statutes. These statutes provide that a bank may pay dividends only out of undivided profits. In addition, applicable bank regulatory authorities have the power to require any bank to suspend the payment of dividends until the bank complies with all requirements that may be imposed by such authorities. 

29 

Table of Contents 
 West Bancorporation, Inc. and Subsidiary 

The following performance graph provides information regarding the cumulative, five-year return on an indexed basis of the common stock of the Company as compared with the Nasdaq Composite Index and the S P U.S. BMI Banks - Midwest Region Index prepared by S P Global Market Intelligence. The indices assume the investment of 100 on December 31, 2017, in the common stock of the Company, the Nasdaq Composite Index and the S P U.S. BMI Banks - Midwest Region Index, with all dividends reinvested. The Company s common stock price performance shown in the following graph is not indicative of future stock price performance. 

Period Ending Index 12/31/2017 12/31/2018 12/31/2019 12/31/2020 12/31/2021 12/31/2022 West Bancorporation, Inc. 100.00 78.46 109.43 86.25 143.58 122.87 Nasdaq Composite Index 100.00 97.16 132.81 192.47 235.15 158.65 S P U.S. BMI Banks - Midwest Region Index 100.00 85.39 111.10 95.52 126.19 108.91 
 Source: S P Global Market Intelligence. Used with permission. All rights reserved. 
 
 30 

Table of Contents 
 West Bancorporation, Inc. and Subsidiary 

ITEM 6. Reserved. 
 
 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 

INTRODUCTION 
 
 The Company s financial highlights and key performance measures are presented in the table below. 
 
 As of and for the Years Ended December 31 2022 2021 2020 Performance Ratios Return on average assets 1.32 1.52 1.19 Return on average equity 20.71 20.33 15.49 Efficiency ratio (1)(2) 
 43.70 40.91 41.96 Nonperforming assets/total assets (1)(3) 
 0.01 0.26 0.51 Net interest margin (2) 
 2.76 3.05 3.20 Dividends and Per Share Data Basic earnings per common share 2.79 3.00 1.99 Diluted earnings per common share 2.76 2.95 1.98 Cash dividends per common share 1.00 0.94 0.84 Dividend payout ratio 35.82 31.33 42.23 Dividend yield 3.91 3.03 4.35 Operating Results and Year-End Balances Net income 46,399 49,607 32,712 Total assets 3,613,218 3,500,201 3,185,744 Securities available for sale 664,115 758,822 420,571 Loans 2,742,836 2,456,196 2,280,575 Deposits 2,880,408 3,016,005 2,700,994 Borrowings 485,855 199,866 222,385 Stockholders equity 211,112 260,328 223,695 Average equity to average assets ratio 6.39 7.46 7.71 
 Definition of ratios: 
 Return on average assets - net income divided by average assets. 
 Return on average equity - net income divided by average equity. 
 Efficiency ratio - noninterest expense (excluding other real estate owned expense and write-down of premises) divided by noninterest income (excluding net securities gains/losses and gains/losses on disposition of premises and equipment) plus tax-equivalent net interest income. 
 Nonperforming assets to total assets - total nonperforming assets divided by total assets. 
 Net interest margin - tax-equivalent net interest income divided by average interest-earning assets. 
 Dividend payout ratio - dividends paid to common stockholders divided by net income. 
 Dividend yield - dividends per share paid to common stockholders divided by closing year-end stock price. 
 Average equity to average assets ratio - average equity divided by average assets. 
 
 (1) A lower ratio is better. 
 (2) As presented, this is a non-GAAP financial measure. For further information, refer to the section "Non-GAAP Financial Measures" of this item. 
 (3) As of December 31. 

31 

Table of Contents 
 (dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 

The Company s 2022 net income was 46,399, compared to 49,607 in 2021. Basic and diluted earnings per common share for 2022 were 2.79 and 2.76, respectively, compared to 3.00 and 2.95, respectively, in 2021. During 2022, we paid our common stockholders 16,619 1.00 per common share) in dividends compared to 15,543 0.94 per common share) in 2021. The dividend declared and paid in the first quarter of 2023 was 0.25 per common share. 
 
 Total assets were 3,613,218 at December 31, 2022, compared to 3,500,201 at December 31, 2021, a 3.2 percent increase. Our loan portfolio grew to 2,742,836 as of December 31, 2022, from 2,456,196 as of December 31, 2021. Loans included 1,117 of PPP loans as of December 31, 2022, compared to 22,206 as of December 31, 2021. Deposits decreased to 2,880,408 as of December 31, 2022, from 3,016,005 as of December 31, 2021. The decline in deposit balances was primarily attributable to customers using their own liquidity to fund business transactions, instead of incurring debt, and customers seeking higher yielding investment options. 
 
 The U.S economy continues to be affected by the Federal Reserve s accommodative monetary policies initiated during the COVID-19 pandemic. Current economic concerns include the impact of sharp increases in interest rates as the Federal Reserve responds to inflationary trends, labor shortages and wage pressures, and the uncertainty of additional increases in the Federal Reserve target federal funds rate. In response to increasing inflation rates, the Federal Reserve increased the target federal funds rate by a total of 425 basis points in 2022. Additional rate increases are expected to occur in 2023. The extent of rate increases in 2023 will be largely dependent on inflation and employment data and how this data is interpreted by the Federal Reserve. 
 
 The Company compares three key performance metrics to those of an identified peer group for evaluating its results. The peer group for 2022 consists of 19 Midwestern, publicly traded financial institutions including Bank First Corporation, Civista Bancshares, Inc., CrossFirst Bankshares, Inc., Equity Bancshares, Inc., Farmers National Banc Corp., Farmers Merchants Bancorp., First Business Financial Services, Inc., First Financial Corp., First Mid Bancshares, Inc., German American Bancorp, Inc., Hills Bancorporation, Isabella Bank Corporation, LCNB Corp., Macatawa Bank Corporation, Mercantile Bank Corporation, MidWestOne Financial Group, Inc., Nicolet Bankshares, Inc., Peoples Bancorp, Inc., and Southern Missouri Bancorp, Inc. The Company is in the middle of the group in terms of asset size. The Company's goal is to perform at or near the top of this peer group relative to what we consider to be three key metrics: return on average equity, efficiency ratio and nonperforming assets to total assets. We believe these measures encompass the factors that define the performance of a community bank. Company and peer results for the key financial performance measures are summarized below. 
 West Bancorporation, Inc. Peer Group Range As of and for the year ended December 31, 2022 As of and for the year ended December 31, 2022 Return on average equity 20.71 9.97 -17.24 Efficiency ratio (1) 
 43.70 43.15 -63.62 Nonperforming assets to total assets 0.01 0.02 -1.08 
 (1) The efficiency ratio is a non-GAAP financial measure. For further information, refer to the Non-GAAP Financial Measures section of this report. 

The following discussion describes the consolidated operations and financial condition of the Company, including its subsidiary West Bank and West Bank s special purpose subsidiaries. Results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 are compared to the results for the year ended December 31, 2021 and the consolidated financial condition of the Company as of December 31, 2022 is compared to December 31, 2021. Results of operations and financial condition for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the year ended December 31, 2020 can be found in Item 7 - Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of the Company s 2021 annual report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on February 24, 2022. 
 
 32 

Table of Contents 
 (dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES 
 
 This report is based on the Company s audited consolidated financial statements that have been prepared in accordance with GAAP established by the FASB. The preparation of the Company s financial statements requires management to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, income and expenses. These estimates are based upon historical experience and on various other assumptions that management believes are reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 
 
 The Company s significant accounting policies are described in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. Based on its consideration of accounting policies that involve the most complex and subjective estimates and judgments, management has identified its most critical accounting policies to be those related to the fair value of financial instruments and the allowance for loan losses. 
 
 The fair value of a financial instrument is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants in the market in which the reporting entity transacts business. A framework has been established for measuring the fair value of financial instruments that considers the attributes specific to particular assets or liabilities and includes a three-level hierarchy for determining fair value based on the transparency of inputs to each valuation as of the measurement date. The Company estimates the fair value of financial instruments using a variety of valuation methods. When financial instruments are actively traded and have quoted market prices, quoted market prices are used for fair value and are classified as Level 1. When financial instruments, such as securities and derivatives, are not actively traded, the Company determines fair value based on various sources and may apply matrix pricing with observable prices for similar instruments where a price for the identical instrument is not observable. The fair values of these financial instruments, which are classified as Level 2, are determined by pricing models that consider observable market data such as interest rate volatilities, yield curves, credit spreads, prices from external market data providers and/or nonbinding broker-dealer quotations. When observable inputs do not exist, the Company estimates fair value based on available market data, and these values are classified as Level 3. Imprecision in estimating fair values can impact the carrying value of assets and the amount of revenue or loss recorded. 
 
 The allowance for loan losses is established through a provision for loan losses charged to expense. Loans are charged against the allowance for loan losses when management believes that collectability of the principal is unlikely. The Company has policies and procedures for evaluating the overall credit quality of its loan portfolio, including timely identification of potential problem loans. On a quarterly basis, management reviews the appropriate level for the allowance for loan losses, incorporating a variety of risk considerations, both quantitative and qualitative. Quantitative factors include the Company s historical loss experience. Qualitative factors include the general economic environment in the Company s market areas and the expected trend of those economic conditions, delinquency and charge-off trends, collateral values, known information about individual loans and other factors. While management uses the best information available to make its evaluation, future adjustments to the allowance may be necessary if there are significant changes in economic conditions or the other factors considered. To the extent that actual results differ from forecasts and management s judgment, the allowance for loan losses may be greater or less than future charge-offs. 
 
 The measurement of the allowance for loan losses at December 31, 2022 included quantitative and qualitative factors. The historical net loan loss experience had virtually no impact on the measurement of the allowance for loan losses as West Bank has had cumulative net loan recoveries over the past five years. Management s assessment of qualitative factors applied to loans collectively evaluated for impairment were influenced by economic conditions, trends in past due and classified loans and loan mix. Certain qualitative factors decreased in 2022 based upon the sustained performance of loans after the expiration of COVID-19 modifications, continued improvement in classified loans and no past due loans over 30 days for six consecutive quarters. The portion of the allowance for loan losses related to loans collectively evaluated for impairment decreased 391 to a total of 25,473, or 0.93 percent of outstanding loans, as of December 31, 2022 compared to 25,864, or 1.05 percent of outstand ing loans, as of December 31, 2021. As of December 31, 2022, there were no specific reserves related to loans individually evaluated for impairment compared to 2,500 as of December 31, 2021. The specific reserve in 2021 was related to the credit quality of one borrower due to the severe economic impact of COVID-19 on its business. The specific impairment was determined after evaluating the value of the underlying collateral. This impaired loan was settled in the second quarter of 2022, resulting in a charge-off of 451. 
 33 

Table of Contents 
 (dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 

NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES 
 
 This report contains references to financial measures that are not defined in GAAP. Such non-GAAP financial measures include the Company s presentation of net interest income and net interest margin on a fully taxable equivalent (FTE) basis, the presentation of the efficiency ratio on an adjusted and FTE basis, excluding certain income and expenses, loans, net of PPP loans, and the presentation of the allowance for loan losses ratio, excluding PPP loans. Management believes these non-GAAP financial measures provide useful information to both management and investors to analyze and evaluate the Company s financial performance. These measures are considered standard measures of comparison within the banking industry. Additionally, management believes providing measures on an FTE basis enhances the comparability of income arising from taxable and nontaxable sources. Limitations associated with non-GAAP financial measures include the risks that persons might disagree as to the appropriateness of items included in these measures and that different companies might calculate these measures differently. These non-GAAP disclosures should not be considered an alternative to the Company s GAAP results. The following table reconciles the non-GAAP financial measures of net interest income and net interest margin on a fully taxable equivalent basis, efficiency ratio on an adjusted and FTE basis, loans, net of PPP loans and allowance for loan losses ratio, excluding PPP loans to their most directly comparable measures under GAAP. 
 As and for the Years Ended December 31 2022 2021 2020 Reconciliation of net interest income and net interest margin on an FTE basis to GAAP: 
 Net interest income (GAAP) 91,740 95,059 82,833 Tax-equivalent adjustment (1) 
 1,122 1,202 707 Net interest income on an FTE basis (non-GAAP) 
 92,862 96,261 83,540 Average interest-earning assets 3,361,091 3,152,138 2,614,342 Net interest margin on an FTE basis (non-GAAP) 2.76 3.05 3.20 Reconciliation of efficiency ratio on an FTE basis to GAAP: 
 Net interest income on an FTE basis (non-GAAP) 92,862 96,261 83,540 Noninterest income 10,208 9,729 9,602 Adjustment for realized securities gains, net (51) (77) Adjustment for losses on disposal of premises and 
 equipment, net 
 29 84 9 Adjusted income 103,099 106,023 93,074 Noninterest expense 45,051 43,380 39,054 Efficiency ratio on an adjusted and FTE basis (non-GAAP) (2) 
 43.70 40.91 41.96 Reconciliation of allowance for loan losses ratio, excluding PPP loans: Loans outstanding (GAAP) 2,742,836 2,456,196 2,280,575 Less: PPP loans (1,117) (22,206) (180,757) Loans, net of PPP loans (non-GAAP) 2,741,719 2,433,990 2,099,818 Allowance for loan losses 25,473 28,364 29,436 Allowance for loan losses ratio, excluding PPP loans (non-GAAP) (3) 
 0.93 1.17 1.40 
 (1) Computed on a tax-equivalent basis using a federal income tax rate of 21 percent, adjusted to reflect the effect of the nondeductible interest expense associated with owning tax-exempt securities and loans. Management believes the presentation of this non-GAAP measure provides supplemental useful information for proper understanding of the financial results, as it enhances the comparability of income arising from taxable and nontaxable sources. 
 (2) The efficiency ratio expresses noninterest expense as a percent of fully taxable equivalent net interest income and noninterest income, excluding specific noninterest income and expenses. Management believes the presentation of this non-GAAP measure provides supplemental useful information for proper understanding of the Company s financial performance. It is a standard measure of comparison within the banking industry. A lower ratio is more desirable. 
 (3) Management believes that presenting the allowance for loan losses as a percentage of total loans excluding PPP loans is useful in assessing the credit quality of the Company s core portfolio. 
 
 34 

Table of Contents 
 (dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS - 2022 COMPARED TO 2021 
 
 OVERVIEW 
 
 Net income for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 46,399, compared to 49,607 for the year ended December 31, 2021. Basic and diluted earnings per common share for 2022 were 2.79 and 2.76, respectively, and were 3.00 and 2.95, respectively for 2021. 
 
 The decrease in 2022 net income compared to 2021 was primarily due to a decrease in net interest income and an increase in noninterest expense, partially offset by a larger negative provision for loan losses and an increase in noninterest income. Net interest income declined 3,319, or 3.5 percent, in 2022 compared to 2021. The decrease in net interest income was primarily due to an increase in interest expense on deposits and borrowings due to rising rates, partially offset by an increase in interest income on loans and securities. 
 
 The Company recorded a negative provision for loan losses of 2,500 in 2022 compared to a negative provision for loan losses of 1,500 in 2021. The negative provision in 2022 was due to the reversal of a specific reserve on an impaired loan and the reduction of certain qualitative factors resulting from sustained performance of loans after the expiration of COVID-19 modifications and continued improvement in classified loans. The negative provision in 2021 was due to the reduction of certain qualitative factors resulting from improvement in economic conditions and lack of loan losses for the Company during the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 
 Noninterest income increased 479, or 4.9 percent, in 2022 compared to 2021, primarily due to an increase in loan swap fees. Noninterest expense grew 1,671, or 3.9 percent, in 2022 compared to 2021, primarily due to an increase in salaries and employee benefits, partially offset by a decrease in FDIC insurance expense. 
 
 The Company s ratio of nonperforming assets to total assets decreased to 0.01 percent as of December 31, 2022, compared to 0.26 percent as of December 31, 2021. This decrease was primarily due to the settlement of an impaired loan in 2022. For more discussion on loan quality, see the Loan Portfolio and Summary of the Allowance for Loan Losses sections in this Item of this Form 10-K. 
 
 Net Interest Income 
 
 Net interest income decreased to 91,740 for 2022 from 95,059 for 2021, as the impact of the growth in average balances of interest-bearing liabilities and increase in average rate paid on interest-bearing liabilities exceeded the effects of the growth in average balances of interest-earning assets and increase in average yields on interest-earning assets. The net interest margin for 2022 decreased 29 basis points to 2.76 percent compared to 3.05 percent for 2021. The average yield on earning assets increased by 26 basis points, while the average rate paid on interest-bearing liabilities increased by 71 basis points. For additional analysis of net interest income, see the section captioned Distribution of Assets, Liabilities and Stockholders Equity; Interest Rates; and Interest Differential in this Item of this Form 10-K. 
 
 Provision for Loan Losses and Loan Quality 
 
 The allowance for loan losses, which totaled 25,473 as of December 31, 2022, represented 0.93 percent of total loans and 7,910.87 percent of nonperforming loans at year end, compared to 1.15 percent and 316.99 percent, respectively, as of December 31, 2021. A negative provision for loan losses of 2,500 was recorded in 2022 compared to a negative provision of 1,500 in 2021. The negative provision in 2022 was due to the reduction of certain qualitative factors resulting from sustained performance of loans after the expiration of the COVID-19 modifications, continued improvement in classified loans and the reversal of a specific reserve on an impaired loan. The impaired loan, which had a specific reserve of 2,500, was settled in 2022, resulting in a charge-off of 451. The negative provision in 2021 was due to the reduction of certain qualitative factors resulting from improvements in economic conditions and lack of loan losses for the Company during the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 
 Nonperforming loans at December 31, 2022 totaled 322, or 0.01 percent of total loans, a decrease from 8,948, or 0.36 percent of total loans, at December 31, 2021. The decrease in nonperforming loans at December 31, 2022, compared to December 31, 2021, was due to the settlement of an impaired loan in 2022 that previously had a 2,500 specific reserve. Nonperforming loans include loans on nonaccrual status, loans past due 90 days or more and still accruing interest, and loans that have been considered to be troubled debt restructured (TDR) due to the borrowers financial difficulties. The Company held no other real estate owned properties as of December 31, 2022 or 2021. 

35 

Table of Contents 
 (dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 

Noninterest Income 
 
 The following table shows the variance from the prior year in the noninterest income categories shown in the Consolidated Statements of Income. In addition, accounts within the Other income category that represent a significant portion of the total or a significant variance are shown. 
 Years ended December 31 Noninterest income: 2022 2021 Change Change Service charges on deposit accounts 2,194 2,352 (158) (6.7) Debit card usage fees 1,969 1,948 21 1.1 Trust services 2,709 2,671 38 1.4 Increase in cash value of bank-owned life insurance 964 923 41 4.4 Loan swap fees 835 66 769 1,165.2 Realized securities gains, net 51 (51) (100.0) Other income: All other 1,537 1,718 (181) (10.5) Total other income 1,537 1,718 (181) (10.5) Total noninterest income 10,208 9,729 479 4.9 
 The increase in noninterest income in 2022 compared to 2021 was primarily due to loan swap fees of 835 earned in 2022 compared to 66 earned in 2021. Additionally, revenue from trust services increased in 2022 compared to 2021 primarily due to one-time estate fees earned in 2022. The decrease in other income for 2022 compared to 2021 was primarily due to the recognition of net swap termination gains totaling 181 in 2021. Interest rate swaps with a total notional amount of 150,000 were terminated and the pre-tax gains and losses were recorded in noninterest income. Additional information on interest rate swaps is included in Note 11 to the consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of this Form 10-K. 
 Noninterest Expense 
 
 The following table shows the variance from the prior year in the noninterest expense categories shown in the Consolidated Statements of Income. In addition, accounts within the Other expenses category that represent a significant portion of the total or a significant variance are shown. 
 Years ended December 31 Noninterest expense: 2022 2021 Change Change Salaries and employee benefits 25,838 23,226 2,612 11.2 Occupancy 4,913 5,162 (249) (4.8) Data processing 2,597 2,465 132 5.4 Subscriptions and service contracts 2,137 1,777 360 20.3 FDIC insurance 996 1,818 (822) (45.2) Professional fees 874 946 (72) (7.6) Director fees 814 765 49 6.4 Other expenses: Business development 1,147 999 148 14.8 Insurance expense 717 502 215 42.8 Trust 539 593 (54) (9.1) Consulting fees 339 302 37 12.3 Marketing 246 224 22 9.8 Charitable contributions 890 (890) (100.0) Low income housing projects amortization 540 701 (161) (23.0) New markets tax credit project amortization and management fees 919 919 All other 2,435 2,091 344 16.5 Total other 6,882 7,221 (339) (4.7) Total noninterest expense 45,051 43,380 1,671 3.9 

36 

Table of Contents 
 (dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 

Salaries and employee benefits increased in 2022 compared to 2021 primarily due to an increase in expense related to restricted stock units, the addition of five commercial bankers since the third quarter of 2021, and normal operating increases. Subscriptions and service contracts increased in 2022 compared to 2021, primarily due to increases in information technology and information security solutions. FDIC insurance expense decreased in 2022 compared to 2021 primarily due to a reduction in the assessment rate resulting from capital injections into West Bank in December 2021 and June 2022. 
 
 Business development expenses increased in 2022 as business development efforts have normalized following the initial period of the pandemic with increased in-person activities, and the addition of five commercial bankers. Insurance expense increased in 2022 compared to 2021 primarily due to expenses incurred in 2022 related to bank buildings that are under construction. 
 
 Income Taxes 
 
 The Company records a provision for income tax expense currently payable, along with a provision for those taxes payable or refundable in the future (deferred taxes). Deferred taxes arise from differences in the timing of certain items for financial statement reporting compared to income tax reporting and are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. Federal income tax expense for 2022 and 2021 was 9,165 and 9,833, respectively, while state income tax expense was approximately 3,833 and 3,468, respectively. The effective rate of income tax expense as a percent of income before income taxes was 21.9 percent and 21.2 percent, respectively, for 2022 and 2021. In 2022, income tax expense included a one-time increase in state income tax expense related to the June 2022 enactment of changes in the Iowa bank franchise tax rates. This legislation reduces the Iowa bank franchise tax rate applied to apportioned income for 2023 and future years. The future reduction in the state tax rate required the Company to reduce net deferred tax assets by 671 and in turn caused the one-time increase in 2022 tax expense. 
 
 The effective income tax rates differ from the federal statutory income tax rates primarily due to tax-exempt interest income, the tax-exempt increase in cash value of bank-owned life insurance, disallowed interest expense, stock compensation and state income taxes. The effective tax rate for both 2022 and 2021 was also impacted by federal income tax credits, including low income housing tax credits and a new markets tax credit from West Bank s investment in a qualified community development entity, of approximately 1,468 and 1,368, respectively. The Company continues to maintain a valuation allowance against the tax effect of state net operating losses carryforwards as management believes it is likely that such carryforwards will expire without being utilized. 
 37 

Table of Contents 
 (dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 

DISTRIBUTION OF ASSETS, LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY; INTEREST RATES; AND INTEREST DIFFERENTIAL 
 
 Average Balances and an Analysis of Average Rates Earned and Paid 
 The following table shows average balances and interest income or interest expense, with the resulting average yield or rate by category of average interest-earning assets or interest-bearing liabilities for the years indicated. Interest income and the resulting net interest income are shown on a fully taxable basis. Interest expense includes the effect of interest rate swaps, if applicable. 
 2022 2021 2020 Average Balance Revenue/ Expense Yield/ Rate Average Balance Revenue/ Expense Yield/ Rate Average Balance Revenue/ Expense Yield/ Rate Assets Interest-earning assets: Loans: (1) (2) 
 Commercial 487,151 22,742 4.67 525,228 23,365 4.45 566,593 22,328 3.94 Real estate (3) 
 2,061,777 84,523 4.10 1,796,118 72,579 4.04 1,574,339 68,444 4.35 Consumer and other 5,748 282 4.91 4,193 182 4.34 6,222 272 4.36 Total loans 2,554,676 107,547 4.21 2,325,539 96,126 4.13 2,147,154 91,044 4.24 Securities: Taxable 592,186 12,524 2.11 450,910 8,542 1.89 322,695 7,818 2.42 Tax-exempt (3) 
 155,803 4,197 2.69 141,816 3,522 2.48 55,589 1,774 3.19 Total securities 747,989 16,721 2.24 592,726 12,064 2.04 378,284 9,592 2.54 Interest-bearing deposits 58,426 203 0.35 233,873 292 0.12 88,904 304 0.34 Total interest-earning assets (3) 
 3,361,091 124,471 3.70 3,152,138 108,482 3.44 2,614,342 100,940 3.86 Noninterest-earning assets: Cash and due from banks 23,842 41,141 53,874 Premises and equipment, net 43,299 31,291 28,957 Other, less allowance for loan losses 80,553 46,612 42,610 Total noninterest-earning assets 147,694 119,044 125,441 Total assets 3,508,785 3,271,182 2,739,783 Liabilities and Stockholders Equity Interest-bearing liabilities: Deposits: Interest-bearing demand 505,889 2,458 0.49 477,988 769 0.16 371,153 747 0.20 Savings and money market 1,452,034 15,814 1.09 1,413,878 5,641 0.40 1,128,631 7,008 0.62 Time 291,732 4,357 1.49 208,164 1,538 0.74 215,224 3,501 1.63 Total deposits 2,249,655 22,629 1.01 2,100,030 7,948 0.38 1,715,008 11,256 0.66 Borrowed funds: Federal funds purchased and other short-term borrowings 62,901 1,764 2.80 4,620 5 0.11 4,397 23 0.52 Subordinated notes, net 52,873 2,867 5.42 20,458 1,008 4.93 20,445 1,016 4.97 Federal Home Loan Bank advances 128,863 2,669 2.07 140,274 2,944 2.10 178,191 4,705 2.64 Long-term debt 51,489 1,680 3.26 20,995 316 1.51 24,912 400 1.61 Total borrowed funds 296,126 8,980 3.03 186,347 4,273 2.29 227,945 6,144 2.70 Total interest-bearing liabilities 2,545,781 31,609 1.24 2,286,377 12,221 0.53 1,942,953 17,400 0.90 Noninterest-bearing liabilities: Demand deposits 708,667 709,009 544,211 Other liabilities 30,284 31,783 41,399 Stockholders equity 224,053 244,013 211,220 Total liabilities and stockholders equity 3,508,785 3,271,182 2,739,783 Net interest income (4) /net interest spread (3) 
 92,862 2.46 96,261 2.91 83,540 2.96 Net interest margin (3) (4) 
 2.76 3.05 3.20 
 (1) Average loan balances include nonaccrual loans. Interest income recognized on nonaccrual loans has been included. 
 (2) Interest income on loans includes amortization of loan fees and costs and prepayment penalties collected, which are not material. 
 (3) Tax-exempt income has been adjusted to a tax-equivalent basis using a federal income tax rate of 21 percent and is adjusted to reflect the effect of the nondeductible interest expense associated with owning tax-exempt securities and loans. 
 (4) Net interest income (FTE) and net interest margin (FTE) are non-GAAP financial measures. For further information, refer to the section Non-GAAP Financial Measures of this Item. 
 38 

Table of Contents 
 (dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 

Net Interest Income 
 
 The Company s largest component of net income is net interest income, which is the difference between interest earned on interest-earning assets, consisting primarily of loans and securities, and interest paid on interest-bearing liabilities, consisting of deposits and borrowings. Fluctuations in net interest income can result from the combination of changes in the balances of asset and liability categories and changes in interest rates. Interest rates earned and paid are also affected by general economic conditions, particularly changes in market interest rates, and by competitive factors, government policies and the actions of regulatory authorities. The Federal Reserve increased the target federal funds interest rate by a total of 425 basis points in 2022 and is expected to continue to raise the target federal funds rate in 2023. The magnitude and pace of increases in 2023 is unknown at this time. The increases in 2022 have had an impact on the Company s net interest income and net interest margin and will impact the comparability of net interest income between 2022 and 2021. 
 
 Net interest margin is a measure of the net return on interest-earning assets and is computed by dividing annualized tax-equivalent net interest income by total average interest-earning assets for the period. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company s net interest margin on a tax-equivalent basis was 2.76, 3.05 and 3.20 percent, respectively. There was a decrease of 3,399 in tax-equivalent net interest income in 2022 compared to 2021. 
 
 Rate and Volume Analysis 
 
 The rate and volume analysis shown below, on a tax-equivalent basis, is used to determine how much of the change in interest income or expense is the result of a change in volume or a change in interest yield or rate. The change in interest that is due to both volume and rate has been allocated to the change due to volume and the change due to rate in proportion to the absolute value of the change in each. 
 2022 Compared to 2021 2021 Compared to 2020 Volume Rate Total Volume Rate Total Interest Income Loans: (1) 
 Commercial (1,744) 1,121 (623) (1,706) 2,743 1,037 Real estate (2) 
 10,877 1,067 11,944 9,189 (5,054) 4,135 Consumer and other 74 26 100 (88) (2) (90) Total loans (including fees) 9,207 2,214 11,421 7,395 (2,313) 5,082 Securities: Taxable 2,903 1,079 3,982 2,669 (1,945) 724 Tax-exempt (2) 
 363 312 675 2,218 (470) 1,748 Total securities 3,266 1,391 4,657 4,887 (2,415) 2,472 Interest-bearing deposits (335) 246 (89) 269 (281) (12) Total interest income (2) 
 12,138 3,851 15,989 12,551 (5,009) 7,542 Interest Expense Deposits: Interest-bearing demand 47 1,642 1,689 190 (168) 22 Savings and money market 156 10,017 10,173 1,509 (2,876) (1,367) Time 795 2,024 2,819 (111) (1,852) (1,963) Total deposits 998 13,683 14,681 1,588 (4,896) (3,308) Borrowed funds: Federal funds purchased and other short-term borrowings 591 1,168 1,759 1 (19) (18) Subordinated debt, net 1,748 111 1,859 1 (9) (8) Federal Home Loan Bank advances (237) (38) (275) (897) (864) (1,761) Long-term debt 756 608 1,364 (60) (24) (84) Total borrowed funds 2,858 1,849 4,707 (955) (916) (1,871) Total interest expense 3,856 15,532 19,388 633 (5,812) (5,179) Net interest income (2) (3) 
 8,282 (11,681) (3,399) 11,918 803 12,721 
 (1) Average balances of nonaccrual loans were included for computational purposes. 
 (2) Tax-exempt income has been converted to a tax-equivalent basis using a federal income tax rate of 21 percent and is adjusted for the effect of the nondeductible interest expense associated with owning tax-exempt securities and loans. 
 (3) Net interest income (FTE) is a non-GAAP financial measure. For further information, refer to the section Non-GAAP Financial Measures of this Item. 
 39 

Table of Contents 
 (dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 

Tax-equivalent interest income and fees on loans increased 11,421 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 2021. The improvement was primarily due to an increase of 229,137 in the average balance of loans in 2022 compared to 2021. Additionally, the average yield on loans increased 8 basis points in 2022 compared to 2021. Average loan balances for the year ended December 31, 2022 included 5,656 of PPP loans, compared to average PPP loan balances of 98,593 for the year ended December 31, 2021. Interest income recognized on PPP loans, which includes the amortization of origination fees paid by the Small Business Administration (SBA), was 759 for the year ended December 31, 2022, resulting in a yield of 13.41 percent. Interest income recognized on PPP loans in 2021 was 6,731, resulting in a yield of 6.83 percent. Exclusive of PPP loans, the yield on loans was 4.19 percent and 4.01 percent for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The increase in the yield on loans was primarily due to the repricing of variable rate loans and loan growth and renewals in a rising rate environment. 
 
 The Company continues to focus on expanding existing and entering into new customer relationships while maintaining strong credit quality. The yield on the Company's loan portfolio is affected by the portfolio's loan mix, the interest rate environment, the effects of competition, the level of nonaccrual loans and reversals of previously accrued interest on charged-off loans. The yield on the loan portfolio is expected to increase in a rising rate environment as variable-rate loans and loan renewals reprice at higher rates. The political and economic environments can also influence the volume of new loan originations and the mix of variable-rate versus fixed-rate loans. 
 
 Tax-equivalent interest income on securities increased 4,657 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 2021. The average balance of securities available for sale in 2022 was 155,263 higher than in 2021, primarily as a result of securities purchased during 2021 and 2022 to improve the yield on excess liquidity. The yield on available for sale securities increased by 20 basis points in 2022 compared to 2021. 
 
 Interest expense on deposits increased 14,681 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 2021. The average balance of interest bearing deposits increased 149,625 in 2022 compared to 2021, which included an increase of average brokered deposits of 64,161. The rates paid on deposits increased 63 basis points in 2022 compared to 2021. The increase in the cost of deposits was primarily due to increases in short-term brokered deposit balances and other changes in deposit mix, increases in certain deposit rates in response to increases in the target federal funds rate and market interest rate competition. The Federal Reserve increased the targeted federal funds rate by a total of 425 basis points in 2022, which has had a direct impact on the cost of deposits and market competition. The cost of deposits will likely increase further in a rising rate environment. 
 
 Interest expense on borrowed funds increased 4,707 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 2021. The average balance of borrowed funds increased 109,779 in 2022 compared to 2021. The rate paid on borrowed funds increased 74 basis points in 2022 compared to 2021. The Company increased variable-rate long-term debt by 34,500 in December 2021 and issued subordinated debt of 60,000 in June 2022. Average balances of federal funds purchased and other short-term borrowings increased 58,281 in 2022 compared to 2021 to support loan growth. The average rate of these federal funds purchased and other short-term borrowings increased by 269 basis points in 2022 compared to 2021. The cost of borrowed funds will likely increase further in a rising rate environment. 
 
 The Federal Reserve increased the target federal funds rate by a total of 425 basis points in 2022. The Federal Reserve may continue to make additional rate increases in 2023. These rate increases could improve reinvestment rates on loans and securities, but also increase the Company s cost of deposits and borrowed funds and increase the unrealized losses in the Company s securities portfolio. 

SECURITIES PORTFOLIO 
 
 The balance of securities available for sale decreased by 94,707 as of December 31, 2022, compared to December 31, 2021. In the first quarter of 2022, the Company purchased securities to improve the yield on excess liquidity while monitoring duration and interest rate risk. The purchases were offset by principal paydowns and the change in the fair value of the portfolio, which declined 132,008 in 2022. The decline in fair value was the result of increases in market interest rates and is not an indication of declining credit quality. These unrealized losses are recorded in accumulated other comprehensive loss, net of tax. Future increases in market interest rates could result in a further increase of the unrealized losses in the securities portfolio. 
 
 Securities available for sale as a percentage of total assets is elevated over historical levels which resulted from the deployment of excess liquidity during 2021 and 2022 to the securities portfolio as an earning asset alternative for excess liquidity from increased levels of core deposits. The Company expects the securities portfolio as a percentage of total assets to decrease over time as the proceeds from paydowns and maturities are used to fund loan growth. 
 40 

Table of Contents 
 (dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 

As of December 31, 2022, approximately 63 percent of the available for sale securities portfolio consisted of government agency guaranteed collateralized mortgage obligations and mortgage-backed securities. Those securities have little to no credit risk and provide cash flows for liquidity and repricing opportunities. All collateralized mortgage obligations and mortgage-backed securities consist of residential and commercial mortgage pass-through securities and collateralized mortgage obligations guaranteed by the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation (FHLMC), Federal National Mortgage Association (FNMA), Government National Mortgage Association (GNMA), or the SBA. The securities issued by state and political subdivisions are diversified among municipalities in 26 states. 
 
 The following table sets forth the weighted average yield by contractual maturity by security type as of December 31, 2022. Expected maturities may differ from contractual maturities because issuers may have the right to call or prepay obligations with or without call or prepayment penalties. The collateralized mortgage obligations and mortgage-backed securities have monthly paydowns that are not reflected in the table. 
 Within one year After one year but within five years After five years but within ten years After ten years Total Securities available for sale: State and political subdivisions (1) 
 1.85 2.39 2.35 Collateralized mortgage obligations 2.48 1.67 1.68 Mortgage-backed securities 1.61 1.72 1.69 Collateralized loan obligations 5.89 5.89 Corporate notes 3.26 3.26 3.35 1.91 2.11 
 (1) Yields on tax-exempt obligations have been computed on a tax-equivalent basis using a federal income tax rate of 21 percent and are adjusted to reflect the effect of the nondeductible interest expense associated with owning tax-exempt investment securities. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the gross unrealized losses of 138,736 in the Company s securities portfolio were considered to be temporary in nature due to market interest rate fluctuations, not reduced estimated cash flows. The Company has the ability and the intent to hold the related securities with unrealized losses for a period of time sufficient to allow for a recovery, which may be at maturity. However, management may decide to sell securities with unrealized losses at a future date for liquidity purposes, or to manage interest rate risk. 
 
 For additional information regarding the Company s securities portfolio, see Note 3 and Note 18 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Form 10-K. 

LOAN PORTFOLIO 
 
 The Company seeks to create growth in commercial lending, which primarily includes commercial real estate, multi-family, and commercial and industrial lending, by offering customer-focused products and competitive pricing and by capitalizing on the positive trends in its market areas. It is the objective of the Company s credit policies to diversify the commercial loan portfolio to limit concentrations in any single industry. As of December 31, 2022, the majority of all loans were originated directly by West Bank to borrowers within West Bank s market areas. As of December 31, 2022, total loans were approximately 95.2 percent of total deposits and 75.9 percent of total assets. 
 
 Loans outstanding at the end of 2022 increased 11.7 percent compared to the end of 2021. Changes in the loan portfolio during 2022 included increases of 241,722 in commercial real estate loans and 26,381 in commercial loans. Exclusive of PPP loans, loan growth in 2022 was 307,729, or 12.6 percent. The Company continues to focus on business development efforts in all of its markets. We believe that loan growth could slow down in 2023 as a result of uncertainty and diversity in economic outlooks, labor and wage challenges and the impact of higher interest rates on overall cash flows and debt service capabilities. 
 
 For a description of the loan segments, see Note 4 to the consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of this Form 10-K. The interest rates charged on loans vary with the degree of risk and the amount and terms of the loan. Competitive pressures, the creditworthiness of the borrower, market interest rates, the availability of funds, and government regulations further influence the rate charged on a loan. 

41 

Table of Contents 
 (dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 

The Company follows a loan policy approved by West Bank s Board of Directors. The loan policy is reviewed at least annually and is updated as considered necessary. The policy establishes lending limits, review criteria and other guidelines for loan administration and the allowance for loan losses, among other things. Loans are approved in accordance with the applicable guidelines and underwriting policies. Loans to any one borrower are limited by state banking laws. Loan officer lending authorities vary according to the individual loan officer s experience and expertise. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were no loans that were past due 30 days or more. 
 
 Nonperforming loans declined to 322 at December 31, 2022, compared to 8,948 at December 31, 2021. The decrease was due to the settlement of an impaired loan in 2022. The nonperforming loans at December 31, 2022 and 2021 consisted of one and two borrowing relationships, respectively. 
 
 The watch classification of loans decreased to 54,231 as of December 31, 2022 from 64,025 as of December 31, 2021. The decrease was primarily due to the improvement in risk rating for a previously classified commercial real estate loan. This relationship was upgraded primarily due to the sustained improvement in financial performance. 
 
 Loans Secured by Real Estate 
 
 The commercial real estate market continues to be a significant source of business for West Bank. Management places a strong emphasis on monitoring the composition of the Company s commercial real estate loan portfolio. The Company has an established lending policy which includes a number of underwriting factors to be considered in making a commercial real estate loan, including, but not limited to, location, loan-to-value ratio (LTV), cash flow, collateral and the credit history of the borrower. The lending policy also includes guidelines for real estate appraisals and evaluations, including minimum appraisal and evaluation standards. 
 
 Although repayment risk exists on all loans, different factors influence repayment risk for each type of loan. The primary risks associated with commercial real estate loans are the quality of the borrower s management and the health of the national and regional economies. Underwriting on commercial properties is primarily based on the economic viability of the project with heavy consideration given to the creditworthiness and experience of the borrower. Recognizing that debt is paid via cash flow, the projected cash flows of the project are critical in underwriting because these determine the ultimate value of the property and the ability to service debt. Therefore, in most commercial real estate projects, we generally require a minimum stabilized debt service coverage ratio of 1.20 to 1.35, depending on the real estate type. Exceptions to this policy can be made for certain borrowers that exhibit other credit quality strengths. Exceptions to the policy are monitored by management. Our strategy with respect to the management of these types of risks is to consistently follow prudent loan policies and underwriting practices. 
 
 The Company recognizes that a diversified loan portfolio contributes to reducing risk. The specific loan portfolio mix is subject to change based on loan demand, the business environment and various economic factors. The Company actively monitors concentrations within the loan portfolio to ensure appropriate diversification is maintained. In addition, management tracks the level of owner occupied commercial real estate loans versus non-owner occupied commercial real estate loans. Owner occupied commercial real estate loans are generally considered to have less risk than non-owner occupied commercial real estate loans. 
 
 In accordance with regulatory guidelines, the Company exercises heightened risk management practices when non-owner occupied commercial real estate lending exceeds 300 percent of total risk-based capital or construction, land development, and other land loans exceed 100 percent of total risk-based capital. Although the Company s loan portfolio is heavily concentrated in real estate and its real estate portfolio levels exceed these regulatory guidelines, it has established risk management policies and procedures to regularly monitor the commercial real estate portfolio. 

42 

Table of Contents 
 (dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 

Commercial loans secured by real estate, including construction, land and land development, totaled 2,134,954, or 77.7 percent of total loans, at December 31, 2022. Non-owner occupied commercial real estate loan concentrations and the weighted average LTV by property type as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 are shown in the following table. LTV is determined using the maximum credit exposure of the loan compared to the most recent appraisal data on the property obtained in accordance with the Company s lending policies. 
 As of December 31 2022 2021 Balance of CRE non-owner occupied Portfolio Weighted Average LTV Balance of CRE non-owner occupied Portfolio Weighted Average LTV Non-owner occupied: Multifamily 371,224 21.0 69 435,097 27.8 71 Medical senior care facilities 249,127 14.1 65 220,726 14.1 59 Warehouse trucking 169,462 9.6 67 153,022 9.8 69 Hotels 216,539 12.3 68 203,967 13.0 68 Mixed use 100,985 5.7 67 72,039 4.6 63 Offices 139,163 7.9 71 134,106 8.6 70 Land for development 114,428 6.5 62 96,687 6.2 63 All other 405,261 22.9 not available 249,265 15.9 not available 1,766,189 100.0 1,564,909 100.0 
 
 The following table summarizes non-owner occupied commercial real estate loans by property type by risk rating as of December 31, 2022. Risk ratings are defined in Note 4 to the consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of this Form 10-K. 
 As of December 31, 2022 Risk Rating Total 1-3 4 5 6 7 8 Non-owner occupied: Multifamily 371,224 25,451 263,872 81,901 Medical senior care facilities 249,127 93,983 127,337 27,807 Warehouse trucking 169,462 57,157 96,866 15,439 Hotel 216,539 92,227 78,856 45,456 Mixed use 100,985 12,723 57,079 23,513 7,670 Offices 139,163 16,549 103,684 18,930 Land for development 114,428 2,621 107,996 3,764 47 All other 405,261 71,374 330,067 3,820 1,766,189 279,858 1,179,128 254,030 53,173 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, there were no non-owner occupied commercial real estate loans that were past due 30 days or more. 

43 

Table of Contents 
 (dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 

Maturities of Loans 
 
 The contractual maturities of the Company s loan portfolio are shown in the following tables. Actual repayments may differ from contractual maturities because individual borrowers may have the right to prepay loans with or without prepayment penalties. 
 As of December 31, 2022 Within one year After one but within five years After five but within 15 years After 15 years Total Commercial 179,987 229,801 96,118 13,290 519,196 Real estate: Construction, land and land development 190,273 158,333 14,408 363,014 1-4 family residential first mortgages 6,764 64,921 3,526 75,211 Home equity 3,480 6,842 10,322 Commercial 62,817 1,005,599 665,677 37,847 1,771,940 Consumer and other 5,096 2,196 7,292 448,417 1,467,692 779,729 51,137 2,746,975 After one but within five years After five but within 15 years After 15 years Loan maturities after one year with: Fixed rates Commercial 148,531 56,042 Real estate: Construction, land and land development 112,192 9,078 1-4 family residential first mortgages 62,425 1,681 Home equity 1,035 Commercial 964,167 444,025 12,326 Consumer and other 1,805 Total fixed-rate loans 1,290,155 510,826 12,326 Variable rates Commercial 81,270 40,076 13,290 Real estate: Construction, land and land development 46,141 5,330 1-4 family residential first mortgages 2,496 1,845 Home equity 5,807 Commercial 41,432 221,652 25,521 Consumer and other 391 Total variable-rate loans 177,537 268,903 38,811 1,467,692 779,729 51,137 

SUMMARY OF THE ALLOWANCE FOR LOAN LOSSES 
 
 The provision for loan losses represents charges made to earnings to maintain an adequate allowance for loan losses. The adequacy of the allowance for loan losses is evaluated quarterly by management and reviewed by the Board of Directors. The allowance for loan losses is management s best estimate of probable losses inherent in the loan portfolio as of the balance sheet date. 

44 

Table of Contents 
 (dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 

Factors considered in establishing an appropriate allowance include: the borrower s financial condition; the value and adequacy of loan collateral; the condition of the local economy and the borrower s specific industry; the levels and trends of loans by segment; and a review of delinquent and classified loans. The quarterly evaluation focuses on factors such as specific loan reviews, changes in the components of the loan portfolio given economic conditions, and historical loss experience. Any one of the following conditions may result in the review of a specific loan: concern about whether the customer s cash flow or net worth is sufficient to repay the loan; delinquency status; criticism of the loan in a regulatory examination; the suspension of interest accrual; or other factors, including whether the loan has other special or unusual characteristics that suggest special monitoring is warranted. The Company s concentration risks include geographic concentration in central and eastern Iowa and southern Minnesota. The local economies are composed primarily of agriculture, financial service and health care industries, and state and county governments. 
 
 West Bank has a significant portion of its loan portfolio in commercial real estate loans, commercial lines of credit, commercial term loans, and construction and land development loans. West Bank s typical commercial borrower is a small- or medium-sized, privately owned business entity. Compared to residential mortgages or consumer loans, commercial loans typically have larger balances and repayment usually depends on the borrowers successful business operations. Commercial loans also generally are not fully repaid over the loan period and, thus, may require refinancing or a large payoff at maturity. When the general economy turns downward, commercial borrowers may not be able to repay their loans, and the value of their assets, which are usually pledged as collateral, may decrease rapidly and significantly. 
 
 While management uses available information to recognize losses on loans, further reduction in the carrying amounts of loans may be necessary based on changes in circumstances, changes in the overall economy in the markets we currently serve, or later acquired information. Identifiable sectors within the general economy are subject to additional volatility, which at any time may have a substantial impact on the loan portfolio. In addition, regulatory agencies, as integral parts of their examination processes, periodically review the credit quality of the loan portfolio and the level of the allowance for loan losses. Such agencies may require West Bank to recognize additional losses based on such agencies review of information available to them at the time of their examinations. 
 The following table shows the ratio of net (charge-offs) recoveries to loans outstanding, broken out by loan segment, along with ratios of the allowance and nonaccrual loans to total loans at the end of the period. 
 Analysis of the Allowance for Loan Losses for the Years Ended December 31 2022 2021 2020 Ratio of net (charge-offs) recoveries during the period to average loans outstanding by segment: Commercial 0.02 Real estate: Construction, land and land development 1-4 family residential first mortgages Home equity Commercial (0.02) Consumer and other Total (0.02) 0.02 0.01 Ratio of allowance for loan losses to total loans at the end of period 0.93 1.15 1.29 Ratio of allowance for loan losses to total loans at the end of period, excluding PPP loans (1) 
 0.93 1.17 1.40 Ratio of nonaccrual loans to total loans at end of period 0.01 0.36 0.71 Ratio of allowance for loan losses to total nonaccrual loans at the end of period 7,910.87 316.99 181.77 Ratio of net (charge-offs) recoveries to total loans at end of period (0.01) 0.02 0.01 
 (1) As presented, this is a non-GAAP financial measure. For further information, refer to the section Non-GAAP Financial Measures of this item. 

45 

Table of Contents 
 (dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 

Breakdown of Allowance for Loan Losses by Category 
 
 The following table sets forth information concerning the Company s allocation of the allowance for loan losses by loan segment as of the dates indicated. 
 As of December 31 2022 2021 2020 Amount Amount Amount Balance at end of period applicable to: Commercial 4,804 18.90 4,776 20.03 4,718 26.40 Real estate: Construction, land and land development 3,548 13.21 3,646 14.60 2,634 10.32 1-4 family residential first mortgages 357 2.74 339 2.69 360 2.58 Home equity 101 0.38 91 0.34 114 0.41 Commercial 16,575 64.50 19,466 62.19 21,535 60.04 Consumer and other 88 0.27 46 0.15 75 0.25 25,473 100.00 28,364 100.00 29,436 100.00 
 Percent of loans in each category to total loans. 
 
 The allocation of the allowance for loan losses is dependent upon the change in balances outstanding in the various categories; the historical net loss experience by category, which can vary over time; specific reserves for loans considered impaired; and management s assessment of economic and other qualitative factors that may influence potential losses in the loan portfolio. The U.S. economy continues to be affected by the Federal Reserve s accommodative monetary policies initiated during the COVID-19 pandemic. Current economic concerns include the impact of sharp increases in interest rates as the Federal Reserve responds to inflationary trends, labor shortages and wage pressures, and the uncertainty of additional increases in the Federal Reserve target federal funds rate. In response to increasing inflation rates, the Federal Reserve increased the target federal funds rate by a total of 425 basis points in 2022. Additional rate increases are expected to occur in 2023. The Company decreased certain qualitative factors used in the allowance for loan losses evaluation in 2022 based upon the sustained performance of loans after the expiration of COVID-19 modifications and continued improvement in classified loans, no past due loans over 30 days, and the settlement of an impaired loan in 2022 that previously had a 2,500 specific reserve. This resulted in a negative provision for 2022. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, there were 0 and 2,500 in specific reserves related to loans individually evaluated for impairment, respectively. The specific reserve in 2021 resulted from the downgrade in credit quality of one borrower due to the severe economic impact of COVID-19 on its business. This impaired loan was settled in 2022, resulting in a net charge-off of 451. The portion of the allowance for loan losses related to loans collectively evaluated for impairment decreased 391 to a total of 25,473, or 0.93 percent of outstanding loans, as of December 31, 2022 compared to 25,864, or 1.05 percent of outstanding loans, as of December 31, 2021. Based upon the quarterly evaluations, management determined a provision for loan losses of negative 2,500 was appropriate for the year ended December 31, 2022. This negative provision was due to the reversal of a specific reserve on an impaired loan and the sustained performance of loans after the expiration of COVID-19 modifications and continued improvement in classified loans. Management believed the allowance for loan losses as of December 31, 2022 was adequate to absorb the losses inherent in the loan portfolio. 
 
 In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-13, Financial Instruments-Credit Losses (Topic 326). The amendments in this update require a financial asset (or a group of financial assets) measured at amortized cost basis to be presented at the net amount expected to be collected. Under the update, the income statement will reflect the measurement of credit losses for newly recognized financial assets, as well as the estimated increases or decreases of expected credit losses that have taken place during the period. The amendment requires enhanced disclosures to help financial statement users better understand significant estimates and judgments used in estimating credit losses, in addition to the credit quality of the Company s portfolio. 

46 

Table of Contents 
 (dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 

The Company adopted the CECL standard effective January 1, 2023. During the first quarter of 2023, the Company will finalize all internal processes related to the adoption of CECL. The Company will also recognize a one-time cumulative effect adjustment to the allowance for credit losses in the first quarter of 2023 with the offset to retained earnings, net of tax. Based on preliminary projections, the Company is estimating an increase to the allowance for credit losses, including the allowance for unfunded commitments, of between 4,500 and 5,500 upon adoption. The Company does not expect a material allowance for credit losses to be recorded on the available for sale securities portfolio under the newly codified CECL model. See Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding the Company s adoption of CECL. 
 
 Additional details on the allowance for loan losses are included in Note 4 to the consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of this Form 10-K. 

DEPOSITS 
 
 Deposits totaled 2,880,408 as of December 31, 2022, which was 4.5 percent lower than the total as of December 31, 2021. Deposit inflows and outflows are influenced by prevailing market interest rates, competition, local and national economic conditions, and fluctuations in our business customers own liquidity needs. The decline in deposit balances was primarily due to customers using their own liquidity to fund business transactions, instead of incurring debt, and customers seeking higher yielding investment options. A large corporate customer completed significant business transactions during 2022 that were funded by accumulated cash balances, accounting for a significant portion of the decrease in deposits. Also, large core depositors who had accumulated excess discretionary balances sought higher yields in Treasury securities and other investment options primarily as a result of the sharp increase in shorter term interest rates. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, the Company had 272,691 in brokered deposits, compared to 176,008 at December 31, 2021. Brokered deposits included fixed-rate time deposits with maturities through September 2024 and variable-rate deposits with terms through February 2024. Brokered deposits are utilized, along with other wholesale funding sources, to fund loan growth and offset core deposit outflows. 
 
 The following table sets forth the average balances for each major category of deposits and the weighted average interest rate paid for those deposits during the years indicated. 
 Years ended December 31 2022 2021 2020 Average Average Average Average Average Average Balance Rate Balance Rate Balance Rate Noninterest-bearing demand 708,667 709,009 544,211 Interest-bearing demand: Reward Me checking 54,641 0.12 52,960 0.08 47,435 0.15 Insured cash sweep 139,807 0.80 125,402 0.34 94,042 0.46 Other interest-bearing demand 311,441 0.41 299,626 0.10 229,677 0.11 Money market: Insured cash sweep 323,970 1.01 308,136 0.36 266,837 0.60 Other money market 967,953 1.26 959,314 0.45 737,801 0.70 Savings 160,111 0.24 146,428 0.14 123,993 0.18 Time 291,732 1.49 208,164 0.74 215,224 1.63 2,958,322 2,809,039 2,259,220 
 Management expects the average interest rates on deposits will increase in 2023 as the Federal Reserve increased the target federal funds rate throughout 2022 by a total of 425 basis points and is expected to continue to increase the target federal funds rate in 2023. To limit the Company s exposure to market interest rate changes, interest rate swaps are in place on 110,000 of deposit balances that effectively convert certain customer deposits with variable rates to fixed-rate instruments. 
 
 47 

Table of Contents 
 (dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 

The following table shows the amounts and remaining maturities of time certificates of deposit with balances of 100 or more as of December 31, 2022. 
 3 months or less 146,167 Over 3 through 6 months 110,865 Over 6 through 12 months 116,934 Over 12 months 8,885 382,851 
 Approximately 91 percent of the total time deposits issued by West Bank mature in the next year, including brokered time deposits. It is anticipated that a significant portion of these time deposits will be renewed. In the event a substantial volume of core time deposits is not renewed, management believes the Company has sufficient liquid assets and borrowing lines to offset the potential runoff. 
 
 We participate in a reciprocal deposit network which enables depositors to receive FDIC insurance coverage for deposits otherwise exceeding the maximum insurable amount. We consider these reciprocal deposits to be in-market deposits as distinguished from traditional out-of-market brokered deposits. Time deposits as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, included 122,915 and 92,210, respectively, of reciprocal deposits. Included in total deposits as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, were 155,888 and 178,366, respectively, of reciprocal interest-bearing checking and 186,160 and 412,027, respectively, of reciprocal money market deposits. 
 
 The following table shows the portion of time deposits in excess of the insurance limit by maturity. 
 
 3 months or less 99,763 Over 3 through 6 months 66,873 Over 6 through 12 months 53,735 Over 12 months 2,002 222,373 
 
 Total uninsured deposits were 1,412,955, 1,312,933 and 1,297,848 as of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 BORROWED FUNDS 
 
 The fluctuation in the balances of federal funds purchased and other short-term borrowings is based on customer loan and deposit activity and the Company s balance sheet management objectives, which from time to time may require the Company to draw on the federal funds purchased lines with our correspondent banks or FHLB advances. Federal funds purchased and other short-term borrowings increased from 2,880 as of December 31, 2021 to 200,000 as of December 31, 2022. The 200,000 as of December 31, 2022 was comprised of overnight and short-term FHLB advances. 
 
 The Company had 155,000 of short-term FHLB advances outstanding at December 31, 2022 associated with long-term interest rate swaps. The Company has entered into long-term interest rate swap agreements with a total notional amount of 155,000 to hedge the interest payments of one-month rolling funding consisting of FHLB advances or brokered deposits. These interest rate swaps have maturity dates ranging from September 2023 through June 2029 and fixed rates ranging from 1.63 percent to 3.64 percent. This strategy of hedging short-term rolling funding effectively provides fixed cost wholesale funding through the maturity dates of the various interest rate swaps. 
 
 On December 15, 2021, the Company entered into a credit agreement with an unaffiliated commercial bank and borrowed 40,000. This credit agreement replaced a prior credit agreement with the same commercial bank that had a remaining balance of 5,500. The additional borrowing was used to make a capital injection into the Company s subsidiary, West Bank. Interest is payable quarterly. Required quarterly principal payments begin in May 2023. The Company may make additional principal payments without penalty. The interest rate is variable at the Wall Street Journal Prime Rate minus 1.00 percent, which was 6.50 percent as of December 31, 2022. 

48 

Table of Contents 
 (dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 

On June 14, 2022, the Company issued 60,000 of subordinated notes (Notes). The Notes initially bear interest at 5.25 percent per annum, with interest payable semi-annually for the first five years of the Notes. Beginning June 15, 2027, the interest rate will reset quarterly to a floating rate per annum that is expected to be three-month term Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR) plus 2.41 percent, with payments due quarterly. The Company may redeem the Notes, in whole or in part, on and after June 15, 2027 at a price equal to 100 percent of the principal amount of the Notes being redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest. The Notes will mature on June 15, 2032 if they are not earlier redeemed. Proceeds from this debt issuance were used to make a 58,650 capital injection into West Bank, the Company s subsidiary. 
 
 The Company has an interest rate swap with a notional amount of 20,000 which converts variable-rate subordinated debentures to fixed-rate debt. The interest rate is a variable rate based on the 3-month LIBOR plus 3.05 percent. This interest rate swap has a fixed rate of 4.81 percent and matures in September 2026. 
 
 West Bank s new markets tax credit special purpose subsidiary has a credit agreement for 11,486. Interest is payable monthly over the term of the agreement with an interest rate of 1.00 percent. Monthly principal payments begin in January 2026, and the agreement matures in December 2048. 

OFF-BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS 
 
 In the normal course of business, West Bank commits to extend credit in the form of loan commitments and standby letters of credit in order to meet the financing needs of its customers. These commitments expose West Bank to varying degrees of credit and market risks in excess of the amounts recognized in the consolidated balance sheets and are subject to the same credit policies as are the loans recorded on the balance sheets. 
 
 West Bank s exposure to credit loss in the event of nonperformance by the other party to the financial instrument for commitments to extend credit and standby letters of credit is represented by the contractual amount of those instruments. West Bank uses the same credit policies in making commitments and conditional obligations as it does for on-balance sheet instruments. Commitments to lend are subject to borrowers continuing compliance with existing credit agreements. Management of the Company does not expect any significant losses as a result of these commitments. Off-balance sheet commitments are more fully discussed in Note 17 to the consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of this Form 10-K. 

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
 
 The objectives of liquidity management are to ensure the availability of sufficient cash flows to meet all financial commitments and to capitalize on opportunities for profitable business expansion. The Company s principal source of funds is deposits. Other sources include loan principal repayments, proceeds from the maturity and sale of investment securities, principal payments on amortizing securities, federal funds purchased, advances from the FHLB, other wholesale funding and funds provided by operations. Liquidity management is conducted on both a daily and a long-term basis. Investments in liquid assets are adjusted based on expected loan demand, projected loan and securities maturities and payments, expected deposit flows and the objectives set by West Bank s asset-liability management policy. 
 
 Our deposit growth strategy emphasizes core deposit growth. Deposit inflows and outflows can vary widely and are influenced by prevailing market interest rates, competition, local and national economic conditions and fluctuations in our corporate customers and municipal customers own liquidity needs. The Company may utilize brokered deposits to supplement core deposit fluctuations and loan growth. Brokered deposits are obtained through various programs administered by IntraFi, including IntraFi Network Deposits and IntraFi Funding, and through other third parties. At December 31, 2022, the Company had 272,691 in brokered deposits, which included fixed-rate time deposits with maturities through September 2024 and variable-rate deposits with terms through February 2024. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, West Bank had additional borrowing capacity available from the FHLB of approximately 372,000, as well as approximately 3,830 at the Federal Reserve discount window and 67,000 through unsecured federal funds lines of credit with correspondent banks. West Bank had no amounts outstanding at the Federal Reserve discount window or under the unsecured federal funds lines as of December 31, 2022. Net cash from continuing operating activities contributed 59,439, 57,878 and 42,285 to liquidity for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Management believed that the combination of high levels of potentially liquid assets, cash flows from operations and additional borrowing capacity provided the Company with sufficient liquidity as of December 31, 2022. 

49 

Table of Contents 
 (dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 

West Bank has entered into a construction contract for the construction of a new headquarters building in West Des Moines, Iowa. West Bank will pay the contractor a contract price consisting of the cost of work plus a fee, subject to a guaranteed maximum price of 42,309, with anticipated construction completed in 2024. As of December 31, 2022, 7,371 had been paid under this construction contract. Additionally, West Bank began construction of a new office in Mankato, Minnesota in 2022, which had a remaining construction commitment of 6,520 as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 The Company s total stockholders equity decreased to 211,112 as of December 31, 2022 from 260,328 as of December 31, 2021. The decrease was primarily the result of the increased accumulated other comprehensive loss, partially offset by net income less dividends paid. At December 31, 2022, tangible common equity as a percent of tangible assets was 5.84 percent compared to 7.44 percent as of December 31, 2021. The increase in accumulated other comprehensive loss was the result of the negative effect that rising interest rates have had on the market value adjustment of our available for sale securities portfolio. While accumulated other comprehensive losses reduce tangible common equity, they have no impact on regulatory capital. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had no intangible assets. 
 
 The Company and West Bank are subject to various regulatory capital requirements administered by federal and state banking agencies. Capital requirements are more fully discussed under the heading Supervision and Regulation included in Item 1 and in Note 16 to the consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of this Form 10-K. As of December 31, 2022, the Company and West Bank met all capital adequacy requirements to which they were subject, and the Company s and West Bank s capital ratios were in excess of the requirements to be well-capitalized under capital regulations. Also, as of December 31, 2022, the ratios for the Company and West Bank were sufficient to meet the capital conservation buffer. 

EFFECTS OF NEW STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL ACCOUNTING STANDARDS 
 
 A discussion of the effects of new financial accounting standards and developments as they relate to the Company is located in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of this Form 10-K. 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 The Company s market risk is composed primarily of interest rate risk arising from its core banking activities of lending and deposit taking. Interest rate risk refers to the exposure arising from changes in interest rates. Fluctuations in interest rates have a significant impact not only upon net income, but also upon the cash flows and market values of assets and liabilities. Our results of operations, like those of other financial institutions, are impacted by changes in interest rates and the interest rate sensitivity of our interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities. Management continually develops and applies strategies to mitigate this risk. 
 
 The Company s objectives are to manage interest rate risk to foster consistent growth of earnings and capital. It is our policy to maintain an acceptable level of interest rate risk over a range of possible changes in interest rates while remaining responsive to market demand for loan and deposit products. To measure that risk, the Company uses an earnings simulation approach. 
 
 The Company has an Asset Liability Committee which meets quarterly to review the interest rate sensitivity position and to review and develop various strategies for managing interest rate risk. Measuring and maintaining interest rate risk is a dynamic process that management performs with the objective of maximizing net interest margin while maintaining interest rate risk within acceptable tolerances. This process relies primarily on the simulation of net interest income over multiple interest rate scenarios. The Company engages a third party that utilizes a modeling program to measure the Company s exposure to potential interest rate changes. For various assumed hypothetical changes in market interest rates, this analysis measures the estimated change in net interest income. The simulations allow for ongoing assessment of interest rate sensitivity and can include the impact of potential new business strategies. The modeled scenarios begin with a base case in which rates are unchanged and include parallel and nonparallel rate shocks. The results of these shocks are measured in two forms: first, the impact on the net interest margin and earnings over one and two year time frames; and second, the impact on the market value of equity. The results of the simulation are compared against approved policy limits. 

50 

Table of Contents 
 (dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 

The following table presents the estimated change in net interest income for one year under several scenarios of assumed interest rate changes for the rate shock levels shown. The change in each interest rate scenario represents the difference between estimated net interest income in the unchanged interest rate scenario, or the base case, and the estimated net interest income in each of the alternative interest rate scenarios. The net interest income in each scenario is based on parallel yield curve changes in the interest rates applied to a static balance sheet. These do not reflect the earnings expectations of management. 
 
 Net Interest Income at December 31, 2022 Change in Interest Rates Amount Change 300 basis points rising 86,907 (7.24) 200 basis points rising 89,003 (5.00) 100 basis points rising 90,990 (2.88) Base case 93,690 100 basis points falling 96,460 2.96 200 basis points falling 103,052 9.99 
 
 Computations of the prospective effects of hypothetical interest rate changes are based on numerous assumptions. The assumptions used in our interest rate sensitivity simulation discussed above are inherently uncertain and, as a result, the simulations cannot precisely measure net interest income or precisely predict the impact of changes in interest rates on net interest income. Actual results may differ from those projections set forth above due to timing, magnitude and frequency of interest rate changes as well as changes in market conditions and customer behavior. Further, the computations do not contemplate any actions the Company may undertake in response to changes in interest rates. 
 
 For modeling purposes, as of December 31, 2021, the model simulations projected that 100 and 200 basis point ratable increases in interest rates would result in positive variances in net interest income of 0.99 percent and 2.85 percent, respectively, relative to the flat-rate case over the next 12 months. The model simulations as of December 31, 2021 indicated that our projected balance sheet was slightly asset sensitive in comparison to a liability sensitive balance sheet as of December 31, 2022. The increase in liability sensitivity was partly due to changes in the sensitivity assumptions of our deposits and changes in the mix of balance sheet liabilities. Sensitivity assumptions of deposits were adjusted to be more reflective of actual depositor behavior during the unprecedented interest rate increases in 2022. The change in mix of deposits, brokered funds and short term borrowings and the increase of short term funding on the balance sheet at December 31, 2022 compared to December 31, 2021 has also increased the liability sensitivity of the balance sheet. 
 51 

Table of Contents 
 West Bancorporation, Inc. and Subsidiary 

 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of West Bancorporation, Inc. 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of West Bancorporation, Inc. and its subsidiary (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, stockholders equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes to the consolidated financial statements (collectively, the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in 2013, and our report dated February 22, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matter or on the account or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 Allowance for Loan Losses 
 As described in Note 1 and Note 4 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company s allowance for loan losses (allowance) is an amount that management believes will be adequate to absorb probable losses on existing loans based on an evaluation of the collectability of loans and prior loss experience. At December 31, 2022, the Company s total loans were 2.7 billion and the associated allowance was 25.5 million. Management estimates the allowance based on loan losses believed to be inherent in the Company s loan portfolio at the balance sheet date. The allowance consists of two components: the valuation allowance for loans individually evaluated for impairment specific component ), which represents none of the allowance at December 31, 2022, and the valuation allowance for loans collectively evaluated for impairment general component ), which represents 25.5 million at December 31, 2022. The Company s general component was developed based on historical loss ratios adjusted for qualitative factors not reflected in the historical loss experience. Historical loss ratios are an annualized rate based on the loss history. The qualitative factors include the Company s lending policies and procedures, nature and volume of the portfolio, experience, depth and ability of lending management, volume and severity of past due, nonaccrual and classified loans, quality of the Company s loan review system, value of underlying collateral, trends in commercial real estate loans, existence and effect of any concentrations and effects of other external factors. The evaluation of these qualitative factors requires that management make significant judgements regarding these factors, which may significantly impact the estimated reserve. 
 52 

Table of Contents 
 West Bancorporation, Inc. and Subsidiary 

 We identified the qualitative factors applied to the general component of the allowance as a critical audit matter as auditing management s determination of the qualitative factors involved a high degree of auditor judgement given the highly subjective nature of management s judgments. 
 
 Our audit procedures related to the Company s qualitative factors applied to the general component of the allowance included the following, among others: 
 
 We obtained an understanding of the relevant controls related to the qualitative factors applied to the general component of the allowance and tested such controls for design and operating effectiveness, including controls over management s establishment, review and approval of the qualitative factors and the data used in determining the qualitative factors. 
 
 We tested management s process and evaluated the reasonableness of their judgements and assumptions to develop the qualitative factors, which included: 
 
 Testing the accuracy of the data inputs used by management as a basis for the adjustments for qualitative factors by comparing to internal and external source data and assessing the magnitude and directional consistency of the adjustments for qualitative factors. 
 
 Evaluating whether management s conclusions were consistent with Company provided internal data and external independently sourced data and agreeing the impact to the allowance calculation. 

/s/ 

February 22, 2023 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 1998. 

53 

Table of Contents 
 West Bancorporation, Inc. and Subsidiary 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of West Bancorporation, Inc. 
 
 Opinion on the Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited West Bancorporation, Inc. s (the Company) internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in 2013. In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in 2013. 
 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, stockholders' equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes to the consolidated financial statements of the Company and our report dated February 22, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting in the accompanying Managements Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

/s/ RSM US LLP 
 
 Des Moines, Iowa 
 February 22, 2023 
 54 

Table of Contents 
 West Bancorporation, Inc. and Subsidiary 

West Bancorporation, Inc. and Subsidiary 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 (dollars in thousands, except per share data) 2022 2021 ASSETS Cash and due from banks Interest-bearing deposits Cash and cash equivalents Securities available for sale, at fair value Federal Home Loan Bank stock, at cost Loans Allowance for loan losses ) ) Loans, net Premises and equipment, net Accrued interest receivable Bank-owned life insurance Deferred tax assets, net Other assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY LIABILITIES Deposits: Noninterest-bearing demand Interest-bearing demand Savings and money market Time Total deposits Federal funds purchased and other short-term borrowings Subordinated notes, net Federal Home Loan Bank advances Long-term debt Accrued expenses and other liabilities Total liabilities COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (Note 17) STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY Preferred stock, par value; authorized shares; shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Common stock, par value; authorized shares; and shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity 
 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 55 

Table of Contents 
 West Bancorporation, Inc. and Subsidiary 

West Bancorporation, Inc. and Subsidiary 
 Consolidated Statements of Income 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 (dollars in thousands, except per share data) 2022 2021 2020 Interest income: Loans, including fees Securities: Taxable Tax-exempt Interest-bearing deposits Total interest income Interest expense: Deposits Federal funds purchased and other short-term borrowings Subordinated notes Federal Home Loan Bank advances Long-term debt Total interest expense Net interest income Provision for loan losses ) ) Net interest income after provision for loan losses Noninterest income: Service charges on deposit accounts Debit card usage fees Trust services Increase in cash value of bank-owned life insurance Loan swap fees Realized securities gains, net Other income Total noninterest income Noninterest expense: Salaries and employee benefits Occupancy Data processing Subscriptions and service contracts FDIC insurance Professional fees Director fees Other expenses Total noninterest expense Income before income taxes Income taxes Net income Basic earnings per common share Diluted earnings per common share 
 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 56 

Table of Contents 
 West Bancorporation, Inc. and Subsidiary 

West Bancorporation, Inc. and Subsidiary 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 (dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Net income Other comprehensive income (loss): Unrealized gains (losses) on securities: Unrealized holding gains (losses) arising during the period ) ) Plus: reclassification adjustment for net gains realized in net income ) ) Other ) Income tax (expense) benefit ) Other comprehensive income (loss) on securities ) ) Unrealized gains (losses) on derivatives: Unrealized holding gains (losses) arising during the period ) Plus: reclassification adjustment for net losses realized in net income Plus: reclassification adjustment for amortization of derivative termination costs Income tax (expense) benefit ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) on derivatives ) Total other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Comprehensive income (loss) ) 
 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 57 

Table of Contents 
 West Bancorporation, Inc. and Subsidiary 

 West Bancorporation, Inc. and Subsidiary 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 Accumulated Additional Other Preferred Common Stock Paid-in Retained Comprehensive (in thousands, except share and per share data) Stock Shares Amount Capital Earnings Income (Loss) Total Balance, December 31, 2019 ) Net income Other comprehensive loss, net of tax ) ) Cash dividends declared, per common share 
 ) ) Stock-based compensation costs Issuance of common stock upon vesting of restricted stock units, net of shares withheld for payroll taxes 
 ) ) Balance, December 31, 2020 ) Net income Other comprehensive income, net of tax Cash dividends declared, per common share 
 ) ) Stock-based compensation costs Issuance of common stock upon vesting of restricted stock units, net of shares withheld for payroll taxes 
 ) ) Balance, December 31, 2021 ) Net income Other comprehensive loss, net of tax ) ) Cash dividends declared, per common share 
 ) ) Stock-based compensation costs Issuance of common stock upon vesting of restricted stock units, net of shares withheld for payroll taxes 
 ) ) Balance, December 31, 2022 ) 
 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 58 

Table of Contents 
 West Bancorporation, Inc. and Subsidiary 

West Bancorporation, Inc. and Subsidiary 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 (dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Cash Flows from Operating Activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by 
 operating activities: 
 Provision for loan losses ) ) Net amortization and accretion Securities gains, net ) ) Stock-based compensation Increase in cash value of bank-owned life insurance ) ) ) Depreciation (Benefit) provision for deferred income taxes ) Change in assets and liabilities: (Increase) decrease in accrued interest receivable ) ) (Increase) decrease in other assets ) Increase in accrued expenses and other liabilities Net cash provided by operating activities Cash Flows from Investing Activities: Proceeds from sales of securities available for sale Proceeds from maturities and calls of securities available for sale Purchases of securities available for sale ) ) ) Purchases of Federal Home Loan Bank stock ) ) ) Proceeds from redemption of Federal Home Loan Bank stock Net increase in loans ) ) ) Purchase of bank-owned life insurance ) Purchases of premises and equipment ) ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) Cash Flows from Financing Activities: Net increase (decrease) in deposits ) Net increase (decrease) in federal funds purchased ) Net increase (decrease) in Federal Home Loan Bank advances ) ) Proceeds from subordinated notes Proceeds from long-term debt Principal payments on long-term debt ) ) ) Common stock dividends paid ) ) ) Restricted stock units withheld for payroll taxes ) ) ) Net cash provided by financing activities Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents ) ) Cash and Cash Equivalents: Beginning Ending Supplemental Disclosure of Cash Flow Information: Cash payments for: Interest Income taxes 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 59 

Table of Contents 
 West Bancorporation, Inc. and Subsidiary 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

Note 1. 
 
 additional offices located in the Des Moines, Iowa, metropolitan area, office located in Coralville, Iowa, and offices located in Minnesota, in the cities of Rochester, Owatonna, Mankato and St. Cloud. As used herein, the term Company refers to West Bancorporation, Inc., or if the context dictates, West Bancorporation, Inc. and its subsidiary. 
 
 Significant accounting policies : 

. 

60 

Table of Contents 
 West Bancorporation, Inc. and Subsidiary 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

percent of total assets plus percent of outstanding advances from the FHLB and the outstanding principal balance of loans previously issued through the Mortgage Partnership Finance Program (MPF). No ready market exists for the FHLB stock, and it has quoted market value. The Company evaluates this asset for impairment on a quarterly basis and determined there was no impairment as of December 31, 2022. All shares of FHLB stock are issued and redeemed at par value. 
 
 Loans are reported by the portfolio segments identified and are analyzed by management on this basis. All loan policies identified below apply to all segments of the loan portfolio. 

61 

Table of Contents 
 West Bancorporation, Inc. and Subsidiary 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

years for buildings, up to years for furniture and equipment, and the shorter of the estimated useful life or lease term for leasehold improvements. 
 
 The Company reviews its property and equipment whenever events indicate that the carrying amount of an asset group may not be recoverable. An impairment loss is recorded when the sum of the undiscounted future cash flows is less than the carrying amount of the asset group. An impairment loss is measured as the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset group exceeds its fair value. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had other real estate owned. 
 
 The Company managed or administered accounts with assets totaling and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

62 

Table of Contents 
 West Bancorporation, Inc. and Subsidiary 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

. See Note 13 Stock Compensation Plans for further information. 
 
 Liabilities accrued under the Deferred Compensation Plan totaled and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

63 

Table of Contents 
 West Bancorporation, Inc. and Subsidiary 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

64 

Table of Contents 
 West Bancorporation, Inc. and Subsidiary 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

65 

Table of Contents 
 West Bancorporation, Inc. and Subsidiary 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

66 

Table of Contents 
 West Bancorporation, Inc. and Subsidiary 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

 Note 2. 
 
 Weighted average common shares outstanding Weighted average effect of restricted stock units outstanding Diluted weighted average common shares outstanding Basic earnings per common share Diluted earnings per common share Number of anti-dilutive common stock equivalents excluded from diluted earnings per share computation 

67 

Table of Contents 
 West Bancorporation, Inc. and Subsidiary 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

 Note 3. Securities Available for Sale 
 
 ) Collateralized mortgage obligations (1) 
 ) Mortgage-backed securities (1) 
 ) Collateralized loan obligations ) Corporate notes ) ) 
 2021 Amortized Cost Gross Unrealized Gains Gross Unrealized Losses Fair Value Securities available for sale: State and political subdivisions ) Collateralized mortgage obligations (1) 
 ) Mortgage-backed securities (1) 
 ) Collateralized loan obligations ) Corporate notes ) ) 
 
 (1) Collateralized mortgage obligations and mortgage-backed securities consist of residential and commercial mortgage pass-through securities and collateralized mortgage obligations guaranteed by FNMA, FHLMC, GNMA and SBA. 
 
 Securities with an amortized cost of approximately and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, were pledged to secure access to the Federal Reserve discount window, for public fund deposits, and for other purposes as required or permitted by law or regulation. 
 
 Due after ten years Collateralized mortgage obligations and mortgage-backed securities 
 
 68 

Table of Contents 
 West Bancorporation, Inc. and Subsidiary 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

 Gross gains on sales Gross losses on sales 
 ) ) ) Collateralized mortgage obligations ) ) ) Mortgage-backed securities ) ) ) Collateralized loan obligations ) ) ) Corporate notes ) ) ) ) ) ) 
 2021 Less than 12 months 12 months or longer Total Fair Value Gross Unrealized Losses Fair Value Gross Unrealized Losses Fair Value Gross Unrealized Losses Securities available for sale: State and political subdivisions ) ) ) Collateralized mortgage obligations ) ) ) Mortgage-backed securities ) ) Collateralized loan obligations ) ) Corporate notes ) ) ) ) ) 
 As of December 31, 2022, securities available for sale with unrealized losses included state and political subdivisions, collateralized mortgage obligations, mortgage-backed securities, collateralized loan obligations and corporate notes. Collateralized loan obligations are debt securities backed by pools of senior secured commercial loans to a diverse group of companies across a broad spectrum of industries. At December 31, 2022, the Company only owned collateralized loan obligations that were rated AAA or AA. The Company believes the unrealized losses on securities available for sale as of December 31, 2022 were due to market conditions rather than reduced estimated cash flows. At December 31, 2022, the Company did not intend to sell these securities, did not anticipate that these securities will be required to be sold before anticipated recovery, and expected full principal and interest to be collected. Therefore, the Company does not consider these securities to have other than temporary impairment as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 69 

Table of Contents 
 West Bancorporation, Inc. and Subsidiary 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

 Note 4. 
 Real estate: Construction, land and land development 1-4 family residential first mortgages Home equity Commercial Consumer and other Net unamortized fees and costs ) ) 
 Included in commercial loans at December 31, 2022 and 2021, were and , respectively, of loans originated in the Paycheck Protection Program (PPP). The PPP was established by the Coronavirus Aid, Relief and Economic Security Act (CARES Act), enacted on March 27, 2020, and expanded by the Economic Aid to Hard-Hit Small Businesses, Nonprofits, and Venues Act, enacted on December 27, 2020 and the American Rescue Plan Act, enacted on March 11, 2021, in response to the Coronavirus Disease 2019 (COVID-19) pandemic. The PPP is administered by the Small Business Administration (SBA). PPP loans may be forgiven by the SBA and are 100 percent guaranteed by the SBA. Therefore, no allowance for loan losses is allocated to PPP loans. 
 
 The loan portfolio included and of fixed-rate loans and and of variable-rate loans as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Real estate loans of approximately were pledged as security for FHLB advances as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 The Company has had, and may be expected to have in the future, banking transactions in the ordinary course of business with directors, executive officers, their immediate families, and affiliated companies in which they are principal stockholders or executive officers (commonly referred to as related parties), all of which have been originated, in the opinion of management, on the same terms, including interest rates and collateral, as those prevailing at the time for comparable transactions with unrelated parties. None of these loans are past due, on nonaccrual status or restructured to provide a reduction or deferral of interest or principal because of deterioration in the financial position of the borrower. There were no loans to a related party that the Company considered adversely classified at December 31, 2022 or 2021. 
 New loans Repayments ) ) Effect of change in classification ) Balance, end of year 

70 

Table of Contents 
 West Bancorporation, Inc. and Subsidiary 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

 Real estate: Construction, land and land development 1-4 family residential first mortgages Home equity Commercial Consumer and other With an allowance recorded: Commercial Real estate: Construction, land and land development 1-4 family residential first mortgages Home equity Commercial 2,500 Consumer and other 2,500 Total: Commercial Real estate: Construction, land and land development 1-4 family residential first mortgages Home equity Commercial Consumer and other Total impaired loans 
 
 The balance of impaired loans was composed of loans to and borrowers as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company has commitments to advance additional funds on any of the impaired loans. 

71 

Table of Contents 
 West Bancorporation, Inc. and Subsidiary 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

 Real estate: Construction, land and land development 1-4 family residential first mortgages Home equity Commercial Consumer and other With an allowance recorded: Commercial Real estate: Construction, land and land development 1-4 family residential first mortgages Home equity Commercial Consumer and other Total: Commercial Real estate: Construction, land and land development 1-4 family residential first mortgages Home equity Commercial Consumer and other Total impaired loans 
 
 Interest income forgone on impaired loans was , and , respectively, during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 
 72 

Table of Contents 
 West Bancorporation, Inc. and Subsidiary 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

 Real estate: Construction, land and land development 1-4 family residential first mortgages Home equity Commercial Consumer and other Total 
 December 31, 2021 30-59 Days Past Due 60-89 Days Past Due 90 Days or More Past Due Total Past Due Current Nonaccrual Loans Total Loans Commercial Real estate: Construction, land and land development 1-4 family residential first mortgages Home equity Commercial Consumer and other Total 
 
 and as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, and were included in the nonaccrual category. There were loan modifications considered to be TDR that occurred during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2020. There were loan modifications considered to be TDR that occurred during the year ended December 31, 2021 related to one borrower. A specific reserve of related to these loans was recorded at December 31, 2021. The pre- and post-modification recorded investment in TDR loans that have occurred during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, totaled , and , respectively. 
 
 There were TDR loans that have been modified within the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 that have subsequently had a payment default. A TDR loan is considered to have a payment default when it is past due 30 days or more. 

73 

Table of Contents 
 West Bancorporation, Inc. and Subsidiary 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

 Real estate: Construction, land and land development 1-4 family residential first mortgages Home equity Commercial Consumer and other Total 
 December 31, 2021 Pass Watch Substandard Doubtful Total Commercial Real estate: Construction, land and land development 1-4 family residential first mortgages Home equity Commercial Consumer and other Total 
 All loans are subject to the assessment of a credit quality indicator. Risk ratings are assigned for each loan at the time of approval, and they change as circumstances dictate during the term of the loan. The Company utilizes a 9-point risk rating scale as shown below, with ratings 1 - 5 included in the Pass column, rating 6 included in the Watch column, ratings 7 - 8 included in the Substandard column, and rating 9 included in the Doubtful column. All loans classified as impaired that are included in the specific evaluation of the allowance for loan losses are included in the Substandard column along with all other loans with ratings of 7 - 8. 
 
 Risk rating 1: The loan is secured by cash equivalent collateral. 
 
 Risk rating 2: The loan is secured by properly margined marketable securities, bonds or cash surrender value of life insurance. 
 
 Risk rating 3: The borrower is in strong financial condition and has strong debt service capacity. The loan is performing as agreed, and the financial characteristics and trends of the borrower exceed industry statistics. 
 
 Risk rating 4: The borrower s financial condition is satisfactory and stable. The borrower has satisfactory debt service capacity, and the loan is well secured. The loan is performing as agreed, and the financial characteristics and trends fall in line with industry statistics. 
 
 Risk rating 5: The borrower s financial condition is less than satisfactory. The loan is still generally paying as agreed, but strained cash flow may cause some slowness in payments. The collateral values adequately preclude loss on the loan. Financial characteristics and trends lag industry statistics. There may be noncompliance with loan covenants. 
 
 Risk rating 6: The borrower s financial condition is deficient. Payment delinquencies may be more common. Collateral values still protect from loss, but margins are narrow. The loan may be reliant on secondary sources of repayment, including liquidation of collateral and guarantor support. 

74 

Table of Contents 
 West Bancorporation, Inc. and Subsidiary 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

75 

Table of Contents 
 West Bancorporation, Inc. and Subsidiary 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

 Charge-offs ) ) ) Recoveries Provision (1) 
 ) ) ) ) Ending balance 
 2021 Real Estate Commercial Construction and Land 1-4 Family Residential Home Equity Commercial Consumer and Other Total Beginning balance Charge-offs Recoveries Provision (1) 
 ) ) ) ) ) ) Ending balance 
 2020 Real Estate Commercial Construction and Land 1-4 Family Residential Home Equity Commercial Consumer and Other Total Beginning balance Charge-offs ) ) Recoveries Provision (1) 
 ) ) Ending balance 

76 

Table of Contents 
 West Bancorporation, Inc. and Subsidiary 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

 Collectively evaluated for impairment Total 
 December 31, 2021 Real Estate Commercial Construction and Land 1-4 Family Residential Home Equity Commercial Consumer and Other Total Ending balance: Individually evaluated for impairment Collectively evaluated for impairment Total 
 Collectively evaluated for impairment Total 
 December 31, 2021 Real Estate Commercial Construction and Land 1-4 Family Residential Home Equity Commercial Consumer and Other Total Ending balance: Individually evaluated for impairment Collectively evaluated for impairment Total 
 77 

Table of Contents 
 West Bancorporation, Inc. and Subsidiary 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

 Note 5. 
 Buildings Right-of-use assets under operating leases Leasehold improvements Furniture and equipment Accumulated depreciation ) ) 

Note 6. 
 
 branch offices and office space for operations departments under various operating lease agreements. The lease agreements have maturity dates ranging from May 2023 to February 2033, some of which include options to renew at the Company's discretion. If at lease inception, the Company considers the exercising of a renewal option to be reasonably certain, the Company will include the extended term in the measurement of the right-of-use asset and lease liability. The weighted average remaining lives of the lease terms used in the measurement of the operating lease liability were years and years as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 The discount rate used in determining the lease liability for each individual lease was the FHLB fixed advance rate which corresponded with the remaining lease term as of January 1, 2019 for leases that existed at adoption of this accounting standard and as of the lease commencement date for leases entered into subsequent to January 1, 2019. The weighted average discount rates used in the measurement of the operating lease liabilities were percent and percent as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Operating lease right-of-use assets are included in premises and equipment. Operating lease liabilities of 4,681 and 5,938 were included in other liabilities as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Rent expense related to these leases was , and , for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total lease payments Less: present value discount ) Present value of lease liabilities 4,681 
 
 78 

Table of Contents 
 West Bancorporation, Inc. and Subsidiary 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

 Note 7. 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 
 
 Note 8. 
 in junior subordinated debentures to the Company s subsidiary trust, West Bancorporation Capital Trust I. The junior subordinated debentures are senior to the Company s common stock. As a result, the Company must make payments on the junior subordinated debentures (and the related trust preferred securities) before any dividends can be paid on its common stock, and, in the event of the Company s bankruptcy, dissolution or liquidation, the holders of the debentures must be satisfied before any distribution can be made to the holders of the common stock. The Company has the right to defer distributions on the junior subordinated debentures (and the related trust preferred securities) for up to , during which time dividends may be paid to holders of the Company s common stock. The junior subordinated debentures have a term, do not require any principal amortization, and are callable at the issuer s option. The interest rate is a variable rate based on the plus percent. At December 31, 2022, the interest rate was percent. Interest is payable , unless deferred. The Company has never deferred an interest payment. The effective cost of the junior subordinated debentures at December 31, 2022, including amortization of issuance costs, was percent. Holders of the trust preferred securities associated with the junior subordinated debentures have no voting rights, are unsecured, and rank junior in priority to all the Company s indebtedness and senior to the Company s common stock. The junior subordinated debentures were reported net of unamortized debt issuance costs of and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company has an interest rate swap contract that effectively converts of the variable-rate junior subordinated debentures to a fixed rate of percent. See Note 11 for additional information on the interest rate swap. In addition, the junior subordinated debentures qualify as additional Tier 1 capital of the Company for regulatory purposes. 
 
 of subordinated notes (the Notes). The Notes initially bear interest at percent per annum, with interest payable for the first five years of the Notes. Beginning in June 2027, the interest rate will be reset quarterly to a floating rate per annum that is expected to be plus percent with payments due . The Company may redeem the Notes, in whole or in part, on or after June 15, 2027 at a price equal to 100 percent of the principal amount of the Notes being redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest. The Notes will mature on if they are not earlier redeemed. Proceeds from this debt issuance were used to make a capital injection into the Company s subsidiary, West Bank. The Notes were reported net of unamortized debt issuance costs of as of December 31, 2022. 
 79 

Table of Contents 
 West Bancorporation, Inc. and Subsidiary 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

 Note 9. 
 
 and as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. These advances have maturities of one month and are part of a rolling funding program associated with long-term interest rate swaps related to the interest cash flows of the rolling advances. The weighted average contractual rates on these advances were percent and percent as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. The weighted average effective rate for these advances, which includes adjustments for the interest rate swaps, were percent and percent as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. See Note 11 for additional information on interest rate swaps hedging FHLB advances. 
 
 The Company had overnight and other short-term FHLB advances totaling as of December 31, 2022, which are included in federal funds purchased and other short-term borrowings. 
 
 The FHLB advances are collateralized by FHLB stock and real estate loans, as required by the FHLB s collateral policy. West Bank had additional borrowing capacity of approximately at the FHLB as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 in unsecured federal funds lines of credit at correspondent banks that are available under the correspondent banks normal terms. The lines have no stated expiration dates. As of December 31, 2022, there were amounts outstanding under these arrangements. At December 31, 2022, West Bank also had approximately of securities pledged for available borrowings at the Federal Reserve Bank discount window. There were balances outstanding at the Federal Reserve Bank discount window at December 31, 2022. 

Note 10. 
 
 . The borrowing was used to make a capital injection into the Company s subsidiary, West Bank. Interest under the term note is payable over five years. Required quarterly princip al payments of begin May 2023, with the remaining balance due February 2027. The Company may make additional principal payments without penalty. The interest rate is variable at the minus percent, which totaled percent as of December 31, 2022. In the event of default, the unaffiliated commercial bank may accelerate payment of the loan. The outstanding balance was as of both December 31, 2022 and 2021 . The note is secured by 100 percent of West Bank s stock. 
 
 West Bank s special purpose subsidiary has a credit agreement for . Interest is payable over the term of the agreement with an interest rate of percent. Monthly principal payments begin in January 2026 and the agreement matures in December 2048. The outstanding balance was as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter 

Note 11. 

80 

Table of Contents 
 West Bancorporation, Inc. and Subsidiary 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

 and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had swaps with a total notional amount of that hedge the interest payments of rolling fixed-rate one-month funding consisting of FHLB advances or brokered deposits. One of these swaps with a total notional amount of is a forward-starting swap with a starting date in September 2023. Also, as of December 31, 2022, the Company had a swap with a total notional amount of that effectively converts variable-rate junior subordinated notes to fixed-rate debt and swaps with a total notional amount of that hedge the interest payments of certain deposit accounts. In March 2021, the Company terminated interest rate swaps with a total notional amount of . In the second quarter of 2021, the Company repaid of FHLB advances related to these terminated swaps as a result of excess liquidity and in response to market conditions. Pre-tax losses of were reclassified from AOCI and recorded in noninterest income at termination. 
 
 At the inception of each hedge transaction, the Company represented that the underlying principal balance would remain outstanding throughout the hedge transaction, making it probable that sufficient interest payments would exist through the maturity date of the swaps. The cash flow hedges were determined to be fully effective during the remaining terms of the swaps. Therefore, the aggregate fair value of the swaps is recorded in other assets or other liabilities with changes in market value recorded in OCI, net of deferred taxes. See Note 18 for additional fair value information and disclosures. The amounts included in AOCI will be reclassified to interest expense should the hedge no longer be considered effective. 
 
 Derivatives Not Designated as Accounting Hedges: To accommodate customer needs, the Company on occasion offers loan level interest rate swaps to its customers and offsets its exposure from such contracts by entering into mirror image swaps with a swap counterparty (back-to-back swap program). The interest rate swaps are free-standing derivatives and are recorded at fair value. The Company enters into a floating-rate loan and a fixed-rate swap with our customer. Simultaneously, the Company enters into an offsetting fixed-rate swap with a swap counterparty. In connection with each swap transaction, the Company agrees to pay interest to the customer on a notional amount at a variable interest rate and receive interest from the customer on the same notional amount at a fixed interest rate. At the same time, the Company agrees to pay a swap counterparty the same fixed interest rate on the same notional amount and receive the same variable interest rate on the same notional amount. These transactions allow the Company s customers to effectively convert variable-rate loans to fixed-rate loans. The customer accommodations and any offsetting swaps are treated as non-hedging derivative instruments, which do not qualify for hedge accounting. 
 
 The Company entered into forward-starting interest rate swaps with a total notional amount of in January 2021 that were not accounting hedges. These swaps were terminated in March 2021, and the resulting gains of were recorded in noninterest income. 
 
 Fair value in other assets Fair value in other liabilities ) Weighted-average floating rate received Weighted-average fixed rate paid Weighted-average maturity in years Non-Hedging Derivatives: Gross notional amount Fair value in other assets Fair value in other liabilities ) ) 

81 

Table of Contents 
 West Bancorporation, Inc. and Subsidiary 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

 ) Reclassification from AOCI into income: Increase in interest expense ) ) ) Decrease in noninterest income, swap termination fees ) 
 
 The Company estimates there will be approximately reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income to reduce interest expense through December 31, 2023 related to cash flow hedges. The Company will continue to assess the effectiveness of hedges on a quarterly basis. 
 
 and , respectively, of collateral to the counterparties in the form of cash on deposit. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company s counterparties pledged and , respectively, of collateral to the Company in the form of cash on deposit. The interest rate swap product with the borrowers is cross-collateralized with the underlying loan and therefore there is no pledged cash collateral under swap contracts with customers. 
 82 

Table of Contents 
 West Bancorporation, Inc. and Subsidiary 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

 Note 12. 
 
 material income tax related interest or penalties were recognized during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 or 2020. 
 
 State Deferred: Federal ) State ) Income taxes 
 State income tax expense, net of federal income tax benefit Tax-exempt interest income ) ) ) ) ) ) Nondeductible interest expense to own tax-exempt securities Tax-exempt increase in cash value of life insurance and gains ) ) ) ) ) ) Stock compensation ) ) ) ) Enactment of state tax reform Federal income tax credits ) ) ) ) ) ) Other, net ) ) Income taxes 
 
 In 2022, the Company recorded a one-time increase in state income tax expense related to the June 2022 enactment of changes in the Iowa bank franchise tax rates. This legislation reduces the Iowa bank franchise tax rate applied to apportioned income for 2023 and future years. This future reduction in the state tax rate required the Company to reduce net deferred tax assets by and in turn caused a one-time increase in 2022 tax expense. The effective tax rate for 2022 was percent. Excluding this one-time state tax expense, the effective tax rate for 2022 would have been percent. 
 83 

Table of Contents 
 West Bancorporation, Inc. and Subsidiary 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

 Net unrealized losses on securities available for sale Net unrealized losses on interest rate swaps Lease liabilities Accrued expenses Restricted stock unit compensation State net operating loss carryforward Other Deferred tax liabilities: Right-of-use assets Deferred loan costs Net unrealized gains on interest rate swaps Premises and equipment Other Net deferred tax assets before valuation allowance Valuation allowance for deferred tax assets ) ) Net deferred tax assets 
 of Iowa net operating loss carryforwards available to offset future Iowa taxable income. The Company has recorded a valuation allowance against the tax effect of the Iowa net operating loss carryforwards, as management believes it is more likely than not that such carryforwards will expire without being utilized. Iowa net operating loss carryforwards of expired in and the remainder will expire thereafter. 

Note 13. 
 
 shares of the Company s common stock as nonqualified and incentive stock options, stock appreciation rights and stock awards. As of December 31, 2022, shares of the Company s common stock remained available for future awards under the 2021 Plan. 

84 

Table of Contents 
 West Bancorporation, Inc. and Subsidiary 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

 cost to the participants, and the participants will not be entitled to receive or accrue dividends until the RSUs have vested. Each RSU entitles the participant to receive share of common stock on the vesting date or upon the participant s termination due to death or disability, or upon a change in control of the Company if the RSUs are not fully assumed or if the RSUs are assumed and the participant s employment is thereafter terminated by the Company without cause or by the participant for good reason. If a participant terminates employment prior to the end of the continuous service period other than due to death, disability or retirement, the award is forfeited. If a participant terminates service due to retirement, the RSUs will continue to vest, subject to provisions of the 2021 and 2017 Plans. RSUs granted to employees prior to 2021 vest 20 percent per year over a five year period, and RSUs granted to directors vest after one year. Beginning in 2021, the Company has granted time-based and performance-based RSU awards. The time-based RSU awards granted to employees vest 20 percent per year over a five year period and have a one to three year post-vesting holding period. The time-based RSU awards granted to directors vest after one year and have a one to three year post-vesting holding period. The performance based RSU awards granted to employees cliff vest at the end of a three year performance period based upon the Company meeting certain performance metrics and have a one to three year post-vesting holding period. 
 
 Granted Vested ) ) ) Forfeited ) Nonvested shares, ending balance 
 The fair value of RSU awards that vested during 2022, 2021 and 2020 was , and , respectively. Total compensation costs, including director compensation, recorded for the RSUs were , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The tax benefit related to vesting of RSUs totaled and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The tax expense related to the vesting of RSUs totaled for the year ended December 31, 2020. As of December 31, 2022, there was of unrecognized compensation cost related to nonvested RSUs, and the weighted average period over which these remaining costs are expected to be recognized was approximately years. 

Note 14. 401(k) Retirement 
 percent of the first percent of employee deferrals and made an annual discretionary contribution of percent of eligible employee compensation for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. Total matching and discretionary contribution expense for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, totaled , and , respectively. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the plan held and shares, respectively, of the Company s common stock. These shares are included in the computation of earnings per share. Dividends on shares held in the plan may be reinvested in Company common stock or paid in cash to the participants, at the election of the participants. 
 
 85 

Table of Contents 
 West Bancorporation, Inc. and Subsidiary 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications ) ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income ) Net current period other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Balance, December 31, 2020 ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications ) ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income ) Net current period other comprehensive income (loss) ) Balance, December 31, 2021 ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications ) ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income ) Net current period other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Balance, December 31, 2022 ) ) 

Note 16. 

86 

Table of Contents 
 West Bancorporation, Inc. and Subsidiary 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

West Bank Tier 1 Capital (to Risk-Weighted Assets) Consolidated West Bank Common Equity Tier 1 Capital (to Risk-Weighted Assets) Consolidated West Bank Tier 1 Capital (to Average Assets) Consolidated West Bank As of December 31, 2021: Total Capital (to Risk-Weighted Assets) Consolidated West Bank Tier 1 Capital (to Risk-Weighted Assets) Consolidated West Bank Common Equity Tier 1 Capital (to Risk-Weighted Assets) Consolidated West Bank Tier 1 Capital (to Average Assets) Consolidated West Bank 
 The Company and West Bank are subject to the rules of the Basel III regulatory capital framework and related Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act. The rules include the implementation of a 2.5 percent capital conservation buffer that is added to the minimum requirements for capital adequacy purposes. A banking organization with a conservation buffer of less than the required amount will be subject to limitations on capital distributions, including dividend payments, and certain discretionary bonus payments to executive officers. At December 31, 2022, the capital ratios for the Company and West Bank were sufficient to meet the capital conservation buffer. 
 
 The ability of the Company to pay dividends to its stockholders is dependent upon dividends paid by its subsidiary, West Bank. There are currently no additional restrictions on such dividends other than the general restrictions imposed on all Iowa state-chartered banks by applicable law. 

87 

Table of Contents 
 West Bancorporation, Inc. and Subsidiary 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

 percent and percent at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The tangible common equity ratio is computed by dividing total equity less preferred stock and intangible assets by total assets less intangible assets. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had intangible assets or preferred stock. The decrease in the tangible common equity ratio was primarily due to the increase in accumulated other comprehensive loss related to the decline in market value of the securities portfolio, which has no impact on regulatory capital. 

Note 17. 
 
 Other commitments to extend credit Standby letters of credit 
 
 Commitments to extend credit are agreements to lend to a customer as long as there is no violation of any condition established in the contract and generally expire within one year. Commitments to extend credit of approximately at December 31, 2022, expire beyond one year. Since many of the commitments are expected to expire without being drawn upon, the total commitment amounts do not necessarily represent future cash requirements. The Company evaluates each customer s creditworthiness on a case-by-case basis. The amount of collateral obtained is based on management s credit evaluation of the party. Collateral held varies, but may include accounts receivable, inventory, equipment, and residential and commercial real estate. 
 Standby letters of credit are conditional commitments issued by the Company to guarantee the performance of a customer to a third party and generally expire within one year. Those guarantees are primarily issued to support public and private borrowing arrangements. The credit risk involved in issuing letters of credit is essentially the same as that involved in extending loan facilities to customers. Collateral held varies as specified above and is required in instances the Company deems necessary. In the event the customer does not perform in accordance with the terms of the third-party agreement, West Bank would be required to fund the commitment. The maximum potential amount of future payments West Bank could be required to make is represented by the contractual amount for letters of credit shown in the table above. If the commitment is funded, West Bank would be entitled to seek recovery from the customer. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, amounts have been recorded as liabilities for West Bank s potential obligations under these guarantees. 
 
 West Bank previously executed MPF Master Commitments (Commitments) with the FHLB of Des Moines to deliver residential mortgage loans and to guarantee the payment of any realized losses that exceed the FHLB s first loss account for mortgages delivered under the Commitments. West Bank receives credit enhancement fees from the FHLB for providing this guarantee and continuing to assist with managing the credit risk of the MPF Program residential mortgage loans. The term of the most recent Commitment was through January 16, 2015 and was not renewed. The outstanding balance of mortgage loans sold under the MPF Program was and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 The Company had commitments to invest in qualified affordable housing projects totaling and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

88 

Table of Contents 
 West Bancorporation, Inc. and Subsidiary 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

 , with anticipated construction completed in 2024. As of December 31, 2022, there was a remaining commitment of under this contract. West Bank also began construction on a new office in Mankato, Minnesota in 2022, which had a remaining commitment of as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Concentrations of credit risk : Substantially all of the Company s loans, commitments to extend credit and standby letters of credit have been granted to customers in the Company s market areas. The concentrations of credit by type of loan are set forth in Note 4. The distribution by type of loan of commitments to extend credit approximates the distribution by type of loan of loans outstanding. Standby letters of credit were granted primarily to commercial borrowers. 

Note 18. 
 
 There were transfers between levels of the fair value hierarchy during 2022 or 2021. 
 
 The following is a description of valuation methodologies used for financial assets and liabilities recorded at fair value on a recurring basis. 
 
 Securities available for sale: When available, quoted market prices are used to determine the fair value of securities (Level 1). If quoted market prices are not available, the Company determines fair value based on various sources and may apply matrix pricing with observable prices for similar bonds where a price for the identical bond is not observable (Level 2). The fair values of these securities are determined by pricing models that consider observable market data such as interest rate volatilities, yield curves, credit spreads, prices from market makers and live trading systems. 
 
 Management obtains the fair value of securities at the end of each reporting period via a third-party pricing service. Management reviewed the valuation process used by the third party and believed that process was valid. On a quarterly basis, management corroborates the fair values of a randomly selected sample of securities by obtaining pricing from an independent financial market data provider and compares the two sets of fair values. Any significant variances are reviewed and investigated. For a sample of securities, the fair values are further validated by management, by obtaining details of the inputs used by the pricing service. Those inputs were independently tested, and management concluded the fair values were consistent with GAAP requirements and the securities were properly classified in the fair value hierarchy. 

89 

Table of Contents 
 West Bancorporation, Inc. and Subsidiary 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

 Collateralized mortgage obligations Mortgage-backed securities Collateralized loan obligations Corporate notes Derivative instrument, interest rate swaps 31,593 31,593 Financial liabilities: Derivative instrument, interest rate swaps 15,309 15,309 
 2021 Description Total Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Financial assets: Securities available for sale: State and political subdivisions Collateralized mortgage obligations Mortgage-backed securities Collateralized loan obligations Corporate notes Derivative instrument, interest rate swaps Financial liabilities: Derivative instrument, interest rate swaps 
 Certain assets are measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis. That is, they are subject to fair value adjustments in certain circumstances (for example, when there is evidence of impairment). Impaired loans with a net book value of for which a fair value adjustment was recorded were classified as Level 3 as of December 31, 2021. As of December 31, 2021, impaired loans with a carrying value of were reduced by a specific reserve of , resulting in a reporting fair value of . As of December 31, 2022, there were loans for which a fair value adjustment was recorded. 
 
 In determining the estimated net realizable value of the underlying collateral of impaired loans, the Company primarily uses third-party appraisals or broker opinions which may utilize a single valuation approach or a combination of approaches including comparable sales and the income approach. Adjustments are routinely made in the appraisal process by the appraisers to adjust for differences between the comparable sales and income data available and include consideration of variations in location, size, and income production capacity of the property. Additionally, the appraisals are periodically further adjusted by the Company in consideration of charges that may be incurred in the event of foreclosure and are based on management s historical knowledge, changes in business factors and changes in market conditions. Because of the high degree of judgment required in estimating the fair value of collateral underlying impaired loans and because of the relationship between fair value and general economic conditions, the Company considers the fair value of impaired loans to be highly sensitive to changes in market conditions. 

90 

Table of Contents 
 West Bancorporation, Inc. and Subsidiary 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

24,896 Interest-bearing deposits 1,643 Securities available for sale 664,115 Federal Home Loan Bank stock 19,336 Loans, net 2,582,911 Accrued interest receivable 11,988 Interest rate swaps 31,593 Financial liabilities: Deposits 2,880,495 Federal funds purchased and short-term borrowings 200,000 Subordinated notes, net 68,047 Federal Home Loan Bank advances 155,000 Long-term debt 51,486 Accrued interest payable 3,260 Interest rate swaps 15,309 Off-balance-sheet financial instruments: Commitments to extend credit Standby letters of credit 
 
 91 

Table of Contents 
 West Bancorporation, Inc. and Subsidiary 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

 17,555 Interest-bearing deposits 175,270 Securities available for sale 758,822 Federal Home Loan Bank stock 9,965 Loans, net 2,453,081 Accrued interest receivable 8,890 Interest rate swaps 3,887 Financial liabilities: Deposits 3,016,305 Federal funds purchased and short-term borrowings 2,880 Subordinated notes, net 17,122 Federal Home Loan Bank advances 125,000 Long-term debt 51,521 Accrued interest payable 519 Interest rate swaps 11,404 Off-balance-sheet financial instruments: Commitments to extend credit Standby letters of credit 
 
 92 

Table of Contents 
 West Bancorporation, Inc. and Subsidiary 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

 Note 19. 
 Investment in West Bank Investment in West Bancorporation Capital Trust I Other assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY LIABILITIES Accrued expenses and other liabilities Subordinated notes, net Long-term debt Total liabilities STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY Preferred stock Common stock Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity 
 Equity in net income of West Bancorporation Capital Trust I Other income Total operating income Operating expenses: Interest on subordinated notes Interest on long-term debt Other expenses Total operating expenses Income before income taxes Income tax benefits ) ) ) Net income 

93 

Table of Contents 
 West Bancorporation, Inc. and Subsidiary 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

 Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Equity in net income of West Bank ) ) ) Equity in net income of West Bancorporation Capital Trust I ) ) ) Dividends received from West Bank Dividends received from West Bancorporation Capital Trust I Amortization Deferred income taxes ) Change in assets and liabilities: Decrease in other assets ) ) ) Increase (decrease) in accrued expenses and other liabilities ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash Flows from Investing Activities: Capital contribution to West Bank ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) Cash Flows from Financing Activities: Proceeds from long-term debt Principal payments on long-term debt ) ) Common stock cash dividends ) ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) Net increase in cash Cash: Beginning Ending 

94 

Table of Contents 
 West Bancorporation, Inc. and Subsidiary 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 
 Within the two years prior to the date of the most recent financial statements, there have been no changes in or disagreements with accountants of the Company. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 As of the end of the period covered by this report, an evaluation of the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(e)) was performed under the supervision and with the participation of the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer. Based on that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer have concluded that the Company s current disclosure controls and procedures were effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act was recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. 
 
 Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 Management of the Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act). The Company s internal control system is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance to the Company s management and Board of Directors regarding the preparation and fair presentation of published financial statements. 
 
 Internal control over financial reporting of the Company includes those policies and procedures that pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions of the Company; provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Because of inherent limitations in any system of internal control, no matter how well designed, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected, including the possibility of the circumvention or overriding of controls. Accordingly, even effective internal control over financial reporting can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation. Further, because of changes in conditions, internal control effectiveness may vary over time. 
 
 Management assessed the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. This assessment was based on criteria for effective internal control over financial reporting set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in Internal Control-Integrated Framework in 2013. Based on this assessment, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer assert that the Company maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 based on the specified criteria. 
 
 The Company s independent registered public accounting firm, which audited the consolidated financial statements included in this annual report, has issued an attestation report on the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 that appears in Item 8 of this Form 10-K and is incorporated into this item by reference. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 There were no changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) that occurred during the fourth fiscal quarter of 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 The Company has no information to be disclosed under this item. 
 
 95 

Table of Contents 
 West Bancorporation, Inc. and Subsidiary 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTION 
 
 Not applicable. 
 96 

Table of Contents 
 West Bancorporation, Inc. and Subsidiary 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 
 The information for directors and executive officers as required pursuant to Item 401 of Regulation S-K can be found under the captions Proposal 1. Election of Directors and Governance and Board of Directors Executive Officers of the Company in the Company s definitive Proxy Statement on Form DEF 14A, which will be filed with the SEC on or before March 7, 2023, and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Code of Ethics 
 
 We have a Code of Conduct in place that applies to all of our directors, officers and employees. The Code of Conduct sets forth the standard of ethics that we expect all of our directors, officers and employees to follow, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer. The Code of Conduct may be viewed on the Company s website (www.westbankstrong.com) under Investor Relations Overview Corporate Governance. We intend to satisfy the disclosure requirements under Item 5.05 of Form 8-K regarding any amendment to or waiver of the Code of Conduct with respect to our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, and persons performing similar functions, by posting such information on our website. 
 
 Stockholder Recommendations for Nominees to the Board of Directors 
 
 The information required pursuant to Item 407(c)(3) of Regulation S-K can be found under the caption General Matters 2024 Stockholder Proposals in the Company s definitive Proxy Statement on Form DEF 14A, which will be filed with the SEC on or before March 7, 2023, and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Identification of Audit Committee and Audit Committee Financial Expert 
 
 The Company has a standing Audit Committee that consists of Steven T. Schuler, Chair, James W. Noyce, Rosemary Parson and Therese M. Vaughan. The Board of Directors has determined that Mr. Schuler, Mr. Noyce and Dr. Vaughan are audit committee financial experts. The full Board of Directors has determined that all members of the Audit Committee are independent directors. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 
 The information required pursuant to Item 402 and Item 407(e)(4) of Regulation S-K can be found under the captions Governance and Board of Directors Director Compensation and Executive Compensation in the Company s definitive Proxy Statement on Form DEF 14A, which will be filed with the SEC on or before March 7, 2023, and is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 
 Effective as of the 2021 annual meeting of stockholders, the West Bancorporation, Inc. 2021 Equity Incentive Plan (2021 Plan) was adopted by the Board of Directors and approved by our stockholders. The prior 2017 Equity Incentive Plan (2017 Plan) was frozen with respect to future grants upon approval of the 2021 Plan. At the time the 2017 Plan was frozen, 196,535 shares had not been issued under the original authorization for that plan. Awards outstanding under the 2017 Plan will remain subject to the 2017 Plan as long as they remain outstanding. Under the terms of the 2021 Plan, the Company may grant a total of 625,000 shares of the Company s common stock as nonqualified and incentive stock options, stock appreciation rights and stock awards. All employees and directors of the Company and its subsidiary are eligible to become participants in the 2021 Plan. Additional information regarding our equity incentive plans is presented in Note 13. Stock Compensation Plans in the notes to the consolidated financial statements pursuant to Item 8. The following table sets forth information regarding outstanding restricted stock units and shares available for future issuance under these plans as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 97 

Table of Contents 
 West Bancorporation, Inc. and Subsidiary 

Plan Category Number of shares to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights (a) Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights (b) Number of shares remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding shares reflected in column (a)) (c) Equity compensation plans approved by stockholders (1) 
 438,237 442,643 ` (2) 
 Equity compensation plans not approved by stockholders Total 438,237 442,643 
 (1) Includes the West Bancorporation, Inc. 2017 Equity Incentive Plan approved by stockholders on April 27, 2017, and the West Bancorporation, Inc. 2021 Equity Incentive Plan approved by stockholders on April 29, 2021. 
 (2) Reflects the number of shares available for issuance under the West Bancorporation, Inc. 2021 Equity Incentive Plan as nonqualified and incentive stock options, stock appreciation rights and stock awards. 
 
 The information required pursuant to Item 403 of Regulation S-K can be found under the captions Governance and Board of Directors Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Executive Officers, Governance and Board of Directors Other Beneficial Owners and Governance and Board of Directors Changes in Control in the Company s definitive Proxy Statement on Form DEF 14A, which will be as filed with the SEC on or before March 7, 2023, and is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 
 The information required pursuant to Item 404 and Item 407(a) of Regulation S-K can be found under the captions Governance and Board of Directors and General Matters Certain Relationships and Related Transactions in the Company s definitive Proxy Statement on Form DEF 14A, which will be filed with the SEC on or before March 7, 2023, and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 98 

Table of Contents 
 West Bancorporation, Inc. and Subsidiary 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 
 The information required pursuant to Item 9(e) of Schedule 14A can be found under the caption Proposal 3. Ratify the Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm in the Company s definitive Proxy Statement on Form DEF 14A, which will be filed with the SEC on or before March 7, 2023, and is incorporated herein by reference. The PCAOB ID Number for our Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm is . 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 
 The following exhibits and financial statement schedules of the Company are filed as part of this report: 
 
 (a) 1. Financial Statements 
 The consolidated financial statements that appear in Item 8 of this Form 10-K are incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Page Report of Independent Registered Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 49) 
 52 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 55 
 Consolidated Statements of Income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 56 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 57 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 58 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 59 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 60 

2. Financial Statement Schedules 
 All schedules are omitted because they are not applicable, not required, or because the required information is included in the consolidated financial statements or notes thereto. 
 
 3. Exhibits (not covered by independent registered public accounting firms reports) 
 3.1 Restatement of the Restated Articles of Incorporation of West Bancorporation, Inc. incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 filed with the Form 10-K on March 1, 2017 
 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of West Bancorporation, Inc. as of January 23, 2019 incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 filed with the Form 8-K on January 24, 2019 
 4.1 Description of Capital Stock (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4 filed with the Form 10-K on February 27, 2020) 
 4.2 Indenture, dated June 14, 2022, between West Bancorporation, Inc. and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as trustee (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 filed with the Form 8-K on June 14, 2022) 
 4.3 First Supplemental Indenture, dated June 14, 2022, between West Bancorporation, Inc. and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as trustee (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.2 filed with the Form 8-K on June 14, 2022) 
 4.4 Form of 5.25 Fixed-to-Floating Rate Subordinated Notes due 2032 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.3 filed with the Form 8-K on June 14, 2022) 
 10.1 Employment Agreement dated July 23, 2012, between West Bancorporation, Inc. and David D. Nelson incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 filed with the Form 8-K on July 25, 2012 
 10.2 Employment Agreement dated July 23, 2012, between West Bancorporation, Inc. and Brad L. Winterbottom incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 filed with the Form 8-K on July 25, 2012 
 10.3 Employment Agreement dated July 23, 2012, between West Bancorporation, Inc. and Harlee N. Olafson incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 filed with the Form 8-K on July 25, 2012 
 10.4 Transitional Employment Agreement dated May 27, 2021, between West Bancorporation, Inc. and Douglas R. Gulling incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 filed with the Form 8-K on May 27, 2021 
 10.5 Employment Agreement dated April 29, 2021 between West Bancorporation, Inc. and Bradley P. Peters incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 filed with the Form 8-K on April 30, 2021 
 10.6 Employment Agreement dated May 27, 2021 between West Bancorporation, Inc. and Jane M. Funk incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 filed with the Form 8-K on May 27, 2021 
 
 99 

Table of Contents 
 West Bancorporation, Inc. and Subsidiary 

10.7 West Bancorporation, Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 filed with the Form 8-K on October 29, 2012 
 10.8 West Bancorporation, Inc. Employee Savings and Stock Ownership Plan, as amended incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.20 filed with the Form 10-K on March 6, 2014 
 10.9 Amendment No. 1 to West Bancorporation, Inc. Employee Savings and Stock Ownership Plan, Effective January 1, 2015 incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 filed with the Form 10-Q/A on August 11, 2020 
 10.10 Amendment No. 2 to West Bancorporation, Inc. Employee Savings and Stock Ownership Plan, Effective January 1, 2016 incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 filed with the Form 10-Q/A on August 11, 2020 
 10.11 Amendment No. 3 to West Bancorporation, Inc. Employee Savings and Stock Ownership Plan, Effective January 1, 2018 incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 filed with the Form 10-Q/A on August 11, 2020 
 10.12 Interim Amendment to West Bancorporation, Inc. Employee Savings and Stock Ownership Plan, Effective April 1, 2018 incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4 filed with the Form 10-Q/A on August 11, 2020 
 10.13 West Bancorporation, Inc. 2017 Equity Incentive Plan incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit A of the definitive proxy statement on Schedule 14A filed on March 1, 2017 
 10.14 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under the West Bancorporation, Inc. 2017 Equity Incentive Plan incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.2 filed with the Form S-8 on April 28, 2017 
 10.15 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement under the West Bancorporation, Inc. 2017 Equity Incentive Plan incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.3 filed with the Form S-8 on April 28, 2017 
 10.16 Form of Nonqualified Stock Option Award Agreement under the West Bancorporation, Inc. 2017 Equity Incentive Plan incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.4 filed with the Form S-8 on April 28, 2017 
 10.17 Form of Incentive Stock Option Award Agreement under the West Bancorporation, Inc. 2017 Equity Incentive Plan incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.5 filed with the Form S-8 on April 28, 2017 
 10.18 Form of Stock Appreciation Right Award Agreement under the West Bancorporation, Inc. 2017 Equity Incentive Plan incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.6 filed with the Form S-8 on April 28, 2017 
 10.19 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under the West Bancorporation, Inc. 2017 Equity Incentive Plan incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.19 filed with the Form 10-K on March 1, 2021 
 10.20 Form of Performance Based Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under the West Bancorporation, Inc. 2017 Equity Incentive Plan incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.20 filed with the Form 10-K on March 1, 2021 
 10.21 Amended and Restated Lease Agreement Dated February 20, 2018 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.16 filed with the Form 10-K on March 1, 2018) 
 10.22 West Bancorporation Inc. 2021 Equity Incentive Plan incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit A to the Company s definitive proxy statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 1, 2021 
 10.23 Form of West Bancorporation, Inc. 2021 Equity Incentive Plan Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (with holding period) incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.4 filed with the Form S-8 on April 30, 2021 
 10.24 Form of West Bancorporation, Inc. 2021 Equity Incentive Plan Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (without holding period) incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.5 filed with the Form S-8 on April 30, 2021 
 10.25 Form of West Bancorporation, Inc. 2021 Equity Incentive Plan Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.6 filed with the Form S-8 on April 30, 2021 
 10.26 Form of West Bancorporation, Inc. 2021 Equity Incentive Plan Cash-Settled Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.7 filed with the Form S-8 on April 30, 2021 
 10.27 Form of West Bancorporation, Inc. 2021 Equity Incentive Plan Director Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.8 filed with the Form S-8 on April 30, 2021 
 10.28 Credit Agreement, dated as of December 15, 2021, by and between West Bancorporation, Inc. and National Exchange Bank Trust (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 filed with the Form 8-K on June 6, 2022) 
 10.29 Promissory Note, dated as of December 15, 2021, made by West Bancorporation, Inc., to and in favor of National Exchange Bank Trust (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 filed with the Form 8-K on June 6, 2022) 
 
 100 

Table of Contents 
 West Bancorporation, Inc. and Subsidiary 

10.30 Commercial Pledge Agreement, dated as of December 15, 2021, by and between West Bancorporation, Inc. and National Exchange Bank Trust (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 filed with the Form 8-K on June 6, 2022) 
 10.31 Addendum to Transitional Employment Agreement, dated September 7, 2022, between West Bancorporation, Inc. and Douglas R. Gulling 
 21 Subsidiaries 
 23 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer under Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer under Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and combined in Exhibit 101) Indicates management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 101 

Table of Contents 
 West Bancorporation, Inc. and Subsidiary 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 
 None. 
 102 

Table of Contents 
 West Bancorporation, Inc. and Subsidiary 

SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 WEST BANCORPORATION, INC. 
 (Registrant) 
 February 23, 2023 By: /s/ David D. Nelson David D. Nelson Chief Executive Officer and President 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 February 23, 2023 By: /s/ David D. Nelson David D. Nelson Chief Executive Officer, Director and President (Principal Executive Officer and Director) February 23, 2023 By: /s/ Jane M. Funk Jane M. Funk Executive Vice President, Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) BOARD OF DIRECTORS February 23, 2023 By: /s/ James W. Noyce James W. Noyce Chairman of the Board February 23, 2023 By: /s/ Patrick J. Donovan Patrick J. Donovan February 23, 2023 By: /s/ Lisa J. Elming Lisa J. Elming February 23, 2023 By: /s/ Steven K. Gaer Steven K. Gaer February 23, 2023 By: /s/ Michael J. Gerdin Michael J. Gerdin 
 103 

Table of Contents 
 West Bancorporation, Inc. and Subsidiary 

February 23, 2023 By: /s/ Douglas R. Gulling Douglas R. Gulling February 23, 2023 By: /s/ Sean P. McMurray Sean P. McMurray February 23, 2023 By: /s/ George D. Milligan George D. Milligan February 23, 2023 By: /s/ Rosemary Parson Rosemary Parson February 23, 2023 By: /s/ Steven T. Schuler Steven T. Schuler February 23, 2023 By: /s/ Therese M. Vaughan Therese M. Vaughan February 23, 2023 By: /s/ Philip Jason Worth Philip Jason Worth 

104 

<EX-10.31>
 2
 wtba-20221231x10kex1031.htm
 EX-10.31

Document 

ADDENDUM TO TRANSITIONAL EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT 

It is acknowledged and agreed by the parties that Douglas R. Gulling Executive and West Bancorporation, Inc. the Company entered into a Transitional Employment Agreement dated May 27, 2021, and the parties desire to extend and modify the terms of that Agreement in the manner set forth below. 
 
 1. Paragraph 2(d) is modified to substitute April 30, 2024, for December 31, 2022, as Executive s Separation Date. 
 
 2. Paragraph 5(a) Compensation and Benefits is modified to add the following language 
 
 During the period from January 1, 2023, through and including April 30, 2024, Executive shall be paid an Annual Base Salary of 120,300. 
 
 3. Executive shall be eligible to participate in the Company s Restricted Stock Unit RSU program for the duration of his employment with the Company. For 2023, management will recommend that Executive receive 7,500 shares of West Bancorporation, Inc. restricted stock, subject to the approval of the Board of Directors. This grant would occur in late March 2023 and its value is dependent upon the then-market price. The RSU grant program provides for vesting of the shares over a period of five years. Executive will then also be eligible for a March 2024 employee based grant commensurate with the value of a 2024 WTBA director grant. 
 
 4. In all other respects, the provisions of the Transitional Employment Agreement shall remain unchanged. 

EXECUTIVE WEST BANCORPORATION, INC. 
 
 ______________________________ By______________________ 
 Douglas R. Gulling David Nelson, CEO 
 
 _______________ __________________ 
 Date Date 

</EX-10.31>

<EX-21>
 3
 wtba-20221231x10kex21.htm
 EX-21

Document 

EXHIBIT 21 
 
 SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 Name Operating Name Ownership State of Incorporation West Bank West Bank 100 Iowa West Bancorporation Capital Trust I West Bancorporation Capital Trust I 100 Delaware 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 4
 wtba-20221231x10kex23.htm
 EX-23

Document 

EXHIBIT 23 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement (No. 333-255638) on Form S-8, Registration Statement (No. 333-120089) on Form S-8, Registration Statement (No. 333-236740) on Form S-3, Registration Statement (No. 333-181146) on Form S-8, and Registration Statement (No. 333-217523) on Form S-8 of West Bancorporation, Inc. of our reports dated February 22, 2023, relating to the consolidated financial statements and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of West Bancorporation, Inc., appearing in the Annual Report to Stockholders, which is incorporated in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of West Bancorporation, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 s RSM US LLP Des Moines, Iowa February 22, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 wtba-20221231x10kex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a) 15d-14(a) as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 I, David D. Nelson, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of West Bancorporation, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

February 23, 2023 
 
 s David D. Nelson David D. Nelson Chief Executive Officer and President 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 wtba-20221231x10kex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a) 15d-14(a) as Adopted Pursuant Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 I, Jane M. Funk, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of West Bancorporation, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

February 23, 2023 
 
 s Jane M. Funk Jane M. Funk Executive Vice President, Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 wtba-20221231x10kex321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as Adopted 
 Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

In connection with the annual report of West Bancorporation, Inc. on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, David D. Nelson, Chief Executive Officer and President of West Bancorporation, Inc., certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 that, to my knowledge (1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of West Bancorporation, Inc. 

February 23, 2023 
 
 s David D. Nelson David D. Nelson Chief Executive Officer and President 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 wtba-20221231x10kex322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as Adopted 
 Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

In connection with the annual report of West Bancorporation, Inc. on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Jane M. Funk, Executive Vice President, Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer of West Bancorporation, Inc., certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 that, to my knowledge (1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of West Bancorporation, Inc. 

February 23, 2023 
 
 s Jane M. Funk Jane M. Funk Executive Vice President, Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 wtba-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 wtba-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 wtba-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 wtba-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 wtba-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

