<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230331_10-K_edgar_data_1690080_0001213900-23-025521.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>12740840</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>690650</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2610945</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3282559</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2939598</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2835742</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-025521.hdr.sgml : 20230331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230331163114
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-025521
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		105
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			180 Life Sciences Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001690080
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		IRS NUMBER:				813832378
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38105
		FILM NUMBER:		23788320

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3000 EL CAMINO REAL
		STREET 2:		BLDG 4, STE 200
		CITY:			PALO ALTO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94306
		BUSINESS PHONE:		650-507-0669

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3000 EL CAMINO REAL
		STREET 2:		BLDG 4, STE 200
		CITY:			PALO ALTO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94306

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	KBL MERGER CORP. IV
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20161115

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-025521.txt : 20230331

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_180lifesci.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(Mark One) 

ANNUAL
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended ,

OR 

TRANSITION
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from: __________
to __________ 

Commission File Number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, , (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including
area code: 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered (NASDAQ Capital Market) Warrants to purchase shares of Common Stock ATNFW The NASDAQ Stock Market LLC (NASDAQ Capital Market) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of
the Act: 

None. 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a
well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not
required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject
to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post
such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer and smaller reporting
company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial
reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or
issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction
of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error
corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s
executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

The aggregate market value of the voting and
non-voting common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of the last business day of the registrant s most recently
completed second fiscal quarter was . For purposes of calculating the aggregate market value of shares held by non-affiliates,
we have assumed that all outstanding shares are held by non-affiliates, except for shares held by each of our executive officers, directors
and 5 or greater stockholders. In the case of 5 or greater stockholders, we have not deemed such stockholders to be affiliates unless
there are facts and circumstances which would indicate that such stockholders exercise any control over our company, or unless they hold
10 or more of our outstanding common stock. These assumptions should not be deemed to constitute an admission that all executive officers,
directors and 5 or greater stockholders are, in fact, affiliates of our company, or that there are not other persons who may be deemed
to be affiliates of our company. Further information concerning shareholdings of our officers, directors and principal stockholders is
incorporated by reference in Part III, Item 12 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

As of March 31, 2023, there were shares
of common stock issued and outstanding. 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Portions of the registrant s definitive
proxy statement relating to its 2023 annual meeting of shareholders (the 2023 Proxy Statement are incorporated
by reference into Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K where indicated. The 2023 Proxy Statement will be filed with the U.S. Securities
and Exchange Commission within 120 days after the end of the fiscal year to which this report relates. 

Auditor Firm Id: Auditor Name: Auditor Location: 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

GLOSSARY 
 
 ii 

CAUTIONARY
 STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION 
 
 v 

PART
 I 

ITEM 1. 
 
 BUSINESS. 
 
 1 
 
 ITEM 1A. 
 
 RISK
 FACTORS. 
 
 47 
 
 ITEM 1B. 
 
 UNRESOLVED
 STAFF COMMENTS. 
 
 106 
 
 ITEM 2. 
 
 PROPERTIES. 
 
 106 
 
 ITEM 3. 
 
 LEGAL
 PROCEEDINGS. 
 
 106 
 
 ITEM 4. 
 
 MINE
 SAFETY DISCLOSURES. 
 
 106 
 
 ITEM 5. 
 
 MARKET
 FOR THE REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 
 107 
 
 ITEM 6. 
 
 [RESERVED] 
 
 108 
 
 ITEM 7. 
 
 MANAGEMENT S
 DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. 
 
 108 
 
 ITEM 7A. 
 
 QUANTITATIVE
 AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK. 
 
 120 
 
 ITEM 8. 
 
 FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTAL DATA. 
 
 120 
 
 ITEM 9. 
 
 CHANGES
 IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. 
 
 121 
 
 ITEM 9A. 
 
 CONTROLS
 AND PROCEDURES. 
 
 121 
 
 ITEM 9B. 
 
 OTHER
 INFORMATION. 
 
 123 
 
 ITEM 9C. 
 
 DISCLOSURE
 REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS. 
 
 123 

PART
 III 

124 
 
 ITEM 10. 
 
 DIRECTORS,
 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE. 
 
 124 
 
 ITEM 11. 
 
 EXECUTIVE
 COMPENSATION. 
 
 124 
 
 ITEM 12. 
 
 S ECURITY
 OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS. 
 
 124 
 
 ITEM 13. 
 
 CERTAIN
 RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE. 
 
 124 
 
 ITEM 14. 
 
 PRINCIPAL
 ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES. 
 
 124 

PART
 IV 

ITEM 15. 
 
 EXHIBITS,
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SCHEDULES 
 
 125 

i 

GLOSSARY 

The following are abbreviations
and definitions of certain terms used in this Report, which are commonly used in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industry: 

ACA 
means the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, often shortened to the Affordable Care Act, nicknamed Obamacare, which is a U.S.
federal statute which provides numerous rights and protections that make health coverage fairer and easier to understand, along with
subsidies (through premium tax credits and cost-sharing reductions to make it more affordable.
The law also expands the Medicaid program to cover more people with low incomes. 

Analgesics 
are a class of medications designed specifically to relieve pain. 

ANDA 
means an abbreviated new drug application which contains data which is submitted to the FDA for the review and potential approval of
a generic drug product. 

Anti-TNF 
is a pharmaceutical drug that suppresses the physiologic response to TNF. 

BLA 
means the FDA s Biologics License Application, which is the vehicle in the United States through which biologic sponsors formally
propose that the FDA approve a new biologic for sale and marketing. 

BPCIA means
the Biologics Price Competition and Innovation Act. 

Cannabinoids 
mean compounds found in cannabis sativa L ., and when used throughout this prospectus, refer to compounds found in the hemp
plant which do not contain THC. 

CBD 
or cannabidiol is an active ingredient in cannabis derived from the hemp plant. CBD is a non-psychoactive oxidative degradation product
of THC. 

CBG 
or cannabigerol is one of the compounds found in the cannabis plant. 

CCMO 
means De Centrale Commissie Mensgebonden Onderzoek (CCMO), or the Central Committee on Research Involving Human Subjects, the organizational
responsible for reviewing and regulating medical research involving human subjects in The Netherlands. 

CHMP 
means the Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use, formerly known as Committee for Proprietary Medicinal Products, which is the
European Medicines Agency s committee responsible for elaborating the agency s opinions on all issues regarding medicinal
products for human use. 

CMS 
means the Centers for Medicare Medicaid Services, which is a federal agency within the HHS that administers the Medicare program
and works in partnership with state governments to administer Medicaid. 

Corticosteroids 
are a class of drug that lowers inflammation in the body. 

CRO 
means a contract research organization which is a company that provides support to the pharmaceutical, biotechnology, and medical device
industries in the form of research services outsourced on a contract basis. 

CSA 
means the Controlled Substances Act, the statute establishing federal U.S. drug policy under which the manufacture, importation, possession,
use, and distribution of certain substances is regulated. 

CTA 
means a Clinical Trial Application, which is a submission to the competent National Regulatory Authority(ies) for obtaining authorization
to conduct a clinical trial in a specific country. It is an application with necessary information on investigational medicinal products.
The purpose of a CTA is to provide all the important details about the clinical trial to the health authorities in order to obtain the
product approval. 

ii 

DEA 
means the Drug Enforcement Administration, a United States federal law enforcement agency under the United States Department of Justice,
tasked with combating drug trafficking and distribution within the United States. 

EMA 
means the European Medicines Agency, an agency of the EU in charge of the evaluation and supervision of medicinal products. 

EU means the
European Union. 

FDC Act 
means the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act, which is a set of U.S. laws passed by Congress in 1938 giving authority to the FDA to
oversee the safety of food, drugs, medical devices, and cosmetics. 

FDA 
means U.S. The Food and Drug Administration, which is a federal agency of the United States Department of Health and Human Services.
The FDA is responsible for protecting the public health by ensuring the safety, efficacy, and security of human and veterinary drugs,
biological products, and medical devices; and by ensuring the safety of U.S. food supply, cosmetics, and products that emit radiation. 

FS means
Frozen Shoulder, a condition characterized by stiffness and pain in an individual s shoulder joint. 

GCP 
means good clinical practice, which is an international quality standard, which governments can then transpose into regulations for clinical
trials involving human subjects. GCP follows the International Council on Harmonisation of Technical Requirements for Registration of
Pharmaceuticals for Human Use (ICH), and enforces tight guidelines on ethical aspects of clinical research. 

GLP 
means good laboratory practice, which is a quality system concerned with the organization process and the conditions under which non-clinical
health and environmental safety studies are planned, performed, monitored, recorded, archived and reported. 

GMP 
means good manufacturing practice regulations promulgated by the FDA under the authority of the FDC Act. These regulations, which have
the force of law, require that manufacturers, processors, and packagers of drugs, medical devices, some food, and blood take proactive
steps to ensure that their products are safe, pure, and effective. 

HHS ,
the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services also known as the Health Department, is a cabinet-level department of the U.S. federal
government with the goal of protecting the health of all Americans and providing essential human services. 

HIPAA 
means the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, which has the goal of making it easier for people to keep health
insurance, protect the confidentiality and security of healthcare information and help the healthcare industry control administrative
costs. 

HMGB1 
means High Mobility Group Box 1, a protein that, in humans, is encoded by the HMGB1 gene. Activated macrophages and monocytes secrete
HMGB1 as a cytokine mediator of inflammation. 

IBD means inflammatory
bowel disease, an umbrella term used to describe disorders that involve chronic inflammation of the digestive tract. 

IND 
means investigational new drug application. Before a clinical trial can be started, the research must be approved. An investigational
new drug or IND application or request must be filed with the FDA when researchers want to study a drug in humans. The IND application
must contain certain information, such as: results from studies so that the FDA can decide whether the treatment is safe for testing
in people; how the drug is made, who makes it, what s in it, how stable it is, and more; detailed outlines for the planned clinical
studies, called study protocols, are reviewed to see if people might be exposed to needless risks; and details about the clinical trial
team to see if they have the knowledge and skill to run clinical trials. 

Individually identifiable
health information is defined by HIPPA to mean information that is a subset of health information, including demographic information
collected from an individual, and: (1) is created or received by a health care provider, health plan, employer, or health care clearinghouse;
and (2) relates to the past, present, or future physical or mental health or condition of an individual; the provision of health
care to an individual; or the past, present, or future payment for the provision of health care to an individual; and (a) that identifies
the individual; or (b) with respect to which there is reasonable basis to believe the information can be used to identify the individual. 

IRB 
means an Institutional Review Board, which is a group that has been formally designated to review and monitor biomedical research involving
human subjects. In accordance with FDA regulations, an IRB has the authority to approve, require modifications in (to secure approval),
or disapprove research. This group review serves an important role in the protection of the rights and welfare of human research subjects. 

Medicaid 
is a federal and state health insurance program in the U.S. that helps with medical costs for some people with limited income and resources.
Medicaid also offers benefits not normally covered by Medicare, including nursing home care and personal care services. 

iii 

Medicare 
is a national health insurance program in the U.S. It primarily provides health insurance for Americans aged 65 and older, but also for
some younger people with disability status as determined by the Social Security Administration, as well as people with end stage renal
disease and amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS or Lou Gehrig s disease). 

MHRA 
means The Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency, an executive agency of the Department of Health and Social Care in the
United Kingdom which is responsible for ensuring that medicines and medical devices work and are acceptably safe. 

MRP 
means a Mutual Recognition Procedure, a market authorization which is granted in one EU member state and is recognized in other EU member
states. 

NDA 
means the FDA s New Drug Application, which is the vehicle in the United States through which drug sponsors formally propose that
the FDA approve a new pharmaceutical for sale and marketing. 

NIHR 
means The National Institute for Health Research is a United Kingdom government agency which funds research into health and care, and
is the largest national clinical research funder in Europe. 

Orphan Drug Designation 
means a pharmaceutical agent developed to treat medical conditions which, because they are so rare, would not be profitable to produce
without government assistance. 

Phase 1 
trials are typically where the drug is initially introduced into healthy human subjects and tested for safety, dosage tolerance, absorption,
metabolism, distribution and elimination. In the case of some drug candidates for severe or life-threatening diseases, such as cancer,
especially when the drug candidate may be inherently too toxic to ethically administer to healthy volunteers, the initial human testing
is often conducted in patients. 

Phase 2 
trials are generally when clinical trials are initiated in a limited patient population intended to identify possible adverse effects
and safety risks, to preliminarily evaluate the efficacy of the drug candidate for specific targeted diseases and to determine dosage
tolerance and optimal dosage. Phase 2 trials are sometimes further divided into: Phase 2a and Phase 2b trials Phase 2a is focused
specifically on dosing requirements. A small number of patients are administered the drug in different quantities to evaluate whether
there is a dose-response relationship, which is an increase in response that correlates with increasing increments of dose. In addition,
the optimal frequency of dose is also explored; and Phase 2b trials are designed specifically to rigorously test the efficacy of the
drug in terms of how successful it is in treating, preventing or diagnosing a disease. 

Phase 3 
trials are when clinical trials are undertaken to further evaluate dosage, clinical efficacy and safety in an expanded patient population
at geographically dispersed clinical trial sites. These clinical trials are intended to establish the overall risk-benefit ratio of the
drug candidate and provide an adequate basis for regulatory approval and product labeling. 

Phase 4 
trials are studies required to be conducted as a condition of approval in order to gather additional information on the drug s
effect in various populations and any side effects associated with long-term use. 

Physiotherapy 
is treatment to restore, maintain, and make the most of a patient s mobility, function, and well-being. 

POCD 
means post-operative cognitive dysfunction/delirium. 

RA means
rheumatoid arthritis. 

REMS 
means a risk evaluation and mitigation strategy which is a drug safety program that the FDA can require for certain medications with
serious safety concerns to help ensure the benefits of the medication outweigh its risks. 

SCA 
means Synthetic Cannabidiol Analogs, which are synthetic pharmaceutical grade molecules close or distant analogs of non-psychoactive
cannabinoids such as CBD for the treatment of inflammatory diseases and pain. 

Sponsor 
means the applicant or drug sponsor, which is the person or entity who assumes responsibility for the marketing of a new drug, including
responsibility for compliance with applicable provisions of the FSC Act and related regulations. Note that as used herein the
term Sponsor may also refer to the Sponsor of our IPO, KBL IV Sponsor LLC, depending on the context in which such term
is used. 

THC 
means tetrahydrocannabinol, which is the principal psychoactive constituent of cannabis. 

TNF 
means tumor necrosis factor, which is part of the body s response to inflammation. 

iv 

CAUTIONARY STATEMENT
REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION 

This Annual Report on Form
10-K (this Report contains forward-looking statements under federal securities laws, including within the meaning
of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by the following words:
 anticipate, believe, continue, could, estimate, expect, 
 intend, may, ongoing, plan, potential, predict, project, 
 should, or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology, although not all forward-looking statements contain
these words. Forward-looking statements are not a guarantee of future performance or results and will not necessarily be accurate indications
of the times at, or by, which such performance or results will be achieved. Forward-looking statements are based on information available
at the time the statements are made and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our results, levels
of activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from the information expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements
in this Report, including those described under the heading Risk Factors contained in Item 1A of this Report. Forward-looking
statements include, but are not limited to, statements about: 

Expectations for the clinical
 and preclinical development, manufacturing, regulatory approval, and commercialization of our product candidates; 

the uncertainties associated
 with the clinical development and regulatory approval of the Company s drug candidates, including potential delays in the enrollment
 and completion of clinical trials, issues raised by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) and the U.K. Medicines and Healthcare
 products Regulatory Agency (MHRA); 

regulatory developments
 in the United States and foreign countries; 

our success in retaining
 or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors; 

current negative operating
 cash flows and our potential ability to obtain additional financing to advance our business and the terms of any further financing,
 which may be highly dilutive and may include onerous terms; 

the continued impact of
 the COVID-19 pandemic on our business operations and our research and development initiatives; 

the accuracy of our estimates
 regarding expenses, future revenues and capital requirements; 

the Company s reliance on third parties
 to conduct its clinical trials, enroll patients, and manufacture its preclinical and clinical drug supplies; 

the ability to come to mutually agreeable
 terms with such third parties and partners, and the terms of such agreements; 

estimates of patient populations for the
 Company s planned products; 

unexpected adverse side effects or inadequate
 therapeutic efficacy of drug candidates that could limit approval and/or commercialization, or that could result in recalls or product
 liability claims; 

the Company s ability
 to fully comply with numerous federal, state and local laws and regulatory requirements, as well as rules and regulations outside
 the United States, that apply to its product development activities; 

challenges and uncertainties
 inherent in product research and development, including the uncertainty of clinical success and of obtaining regulatory approvals;
 uncertainty of commercial success; 

the ability of the Company
 to execute its plans to develop and market new drug products and the timing and costs of these development programs; 

high inflation, increasing
 interest rates and economic downturns, including potential recessions, as well as macroeconomic, geopolitical, health and industry
 trends, pandemics, acts of war (including the ongoing Ukraine/Russian conflict) and other large-scale crises; 

estimates of the sufficiency
 of our existing capital resources combined with future anticipated cash flows to finance our operating requirements; 

our ability to maintain
 the listing of our common stock and warrants on NASDAQ; and 

other risks and uncertainties,
 including those listed under Risk Factors , below. 

Any forward-looking statements
in this Report reflect our current views with respect to future events or to our future financial performance and involve known and unknown
risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from
any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Given these uncertainties,
you should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements included herein speak only as
of the date of the filing of this Report. All subsequent written and oral forward-looking statements attributable to the Company, or
persons acting on its behalf, are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements above. Except as required by law,
we assume no obligation to update or revise these forward-looking statements for any reason, even if new information becomes available
in the future. 

v 

PART
I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS. 

INTRODUCTION 

General 

The information included
in this Annual Report on Form 10-K should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and related notes included
at the end of this report. 

Please see the Glossary 
above for a list of biotechnology industry abbreviations and definitions used throughout this Report. 

Our logo and some of our
trademarks and tradenames are used in this Report. This Report also includes trademarks, tradenames and service marks that are the property
of others. Solely for convenience, trademarks, tradenames and service marks referred to in this Report may appear without the ,
 and SM symbols. References to our trademarks, tradenames and service marks are not intended to indicate in any way that we will
not assert to the fullest extent under applicable law our rights or the rights of the applicable licensors if any, nor that respective
owners to other intellectual property rights will not assert, to the fullest extent under applicable law, their rights thereto. We do
not intend the use or display of other companies trademarks and trade names to imply a relationship with, or endorsement or sponsorship
of us by, any other companies. 

The market data and certain
other statistical information used throughout this Report are based on independent industry publications, reports by market research
firms or other independent sources that we believe to be reliable sources; however, we have not commissioned any of the market or survey
data that is presented in this Report. Industry publications and third-party research, surveys and studies generally indicate that their
information has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable, although they do not guarantee the accuracy or completeness of such
information. We are responsible for all of the disclosures contained in this Report, and we believe these industry publications and third-party
research, surveys and studies are reliable. While we are not aware of any misstatements regarding any third-party information presented
in this Report, their estimates, in particular, as they relate to projections, involve numerous assumptions, are subject to risks and
uncertainties, and are subject to change based on various factors, including those discussed under the section entitled Risk
Factors of this Report. These and other factors could cause our future performance to differ materially from our assumptions
and estimates. Some market and other data included herein, as well as the data of competitors as they relate to 180 Life Sciences Corp.,
is also based on our good faith estimates. 

Our fiscal year ends on December
31. Interim results are presented on a quarterly basis for the quarters ended March 31, June 30, and September 30, the first quarter,
second quarter and third quarter, respectively, with the quarter ended December 31st being referenced herein as our fourth quarter. Fiscal
2022 means the year ended December 31, 2022, whereas fiscal 2021 means the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Reverse Stock Split 

On December 15, 2022, at
a Special Meeting of the Stockholders of 180 Life Sciences Corp., the stockholders of the Company approved an amendment to the Company s
Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as amended, to effect a reverse stock split of our issued and outstanding shares
of our common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, by a ratio of between one-for-four to one-for-twenty, inclusive, with the exact ratio
to be set at a whole number to be determined by our Board of Directors or a duly authorized committee thereof in its discretion, at any
time after approval of the amendment and prior to December 15, 2023 (the Stockholder Authority ). On December 15, 2022,
the Company s Board of Directors (the Board ), with the Stockholder Authority, approved an amendment to our Second
Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation to affect a reverse stock split of our common stock at a ratio of 1-for-20 (the Reverse
Stock Split ). 

1 

Immediately after the Special
Meeting and the approval thereof by the Board, on December 15, 2022, we filed a Certificate of Amendment to our Second Amended and Restated
Certificate of Incorporation (the Certificate of Amendment with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware to effect
the Reverse Stock Split. A copy of the Certificate of Amendment is attached hereto as Exhibit 3.1 and is incorporated by reference herein. 

Pursuant to the Certificate
of Amendment, the Reverse Stock Split became effective on December 19, 2022 at 12:01 a.m. Eastern Time (the Effective Time ).
No change was made to the trading symbol for the Company s shares of common stock or public warrants, ATNF and ATNFW ,
respectively, in connection with the Reverse Stock Split. 

The Certificate of Amendment
did not reduce the number of authorized shares of our common stock, nor alter the par value of our common stock or modify any voting
rights or other terms of our common stock. 

No fractional shares were
issued in connection with the Reverse Stock Split and stockholders of record who otherwise would be entitled to receive fractional shares,
were instead entitled to have their fractional shares rounded up to the nearest whole share. 

The effects of the 1-for-20
Reverse Stock Split have been retroactively reflected throughout this Report. 

Definition 

Unless the context requires
otherwise, references to the Company, we, us, our, 
 180 Life , 180LS and 180 Life Sciences Corp. refer specifically to 180
Life Sciences Corp. and its consolidated subsidiaries. References to KBL refer to the Company prior to the November
6, 2020 Business Combination (discussed and defined below). 

In addition, unless the context
otherwise requires and for the purposes of this Report only: 

CAD 
 refers to Canadian dollars; 

Exchange Act 
 refers to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; 

or GBP refers to British pounds sterling; 

SEC 
 or the Commission refers to the United States Securities and Exchange Commission; and 

Securities Act 
 refers to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

2 

Where You Can Find Other Information 

We file annual, quarterly,
and current reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC. Our SEC filings are available to the public over the Internet
at the SEC s website at www.sec.gov and are available for download, free of charge, soon after such reports are
filed with or furnished to the SEC, on the Investors SEC Filings All
SEC Filings page of our website at www.180lifesciences.com . Copies of documents filed by us with the SEC are also
available from us without charge, upon oral or written request to our Secretary, who can be contacted at the address and telephone number
set forth on the cover page of this Report. Our website address is www.180lifesciences.com . The information on, or that may
be accessed through, our website is not incorporated by reference into this Report and should not be considered a part of this Report. 

Company Overview 

We are a clinical stage biotechnology
company headquartered in Palo Alto, California, focused on the development of therapeutics for unmet medical needs in chronic pain, inflammation
and fibrosis by employing innovative research, and, where appropriate, combination therapy. Our Company was founded by several world-leading
scientists in the biotechnology and pharmaceutical sectors. Our world-renowned scientists Prof. Sir Marc Feldmann, Prof. Lawrence
Steinman, Prof. Raphael Mechoulam, recently deceased, Dr. Jonathan Rothbard, and Prof. Jagdeep Nanchahal have significant experience and
significant previous success in drug discovery. The scientists are from the University of Oxford Oxford ), Stanford University
and Hebrew University of Jerusalem (the Hebrew University ), and the management team has extensive experience in financing
and growing early-stage healthcare companies. Prof. Raphael Mechoulam passed away in March 2023, but his research at Hebrew University
is being carried on by other scientists as noted later in this document under the SCAs Platform section. 

We have three different product
development platforms that are focused on different diseases or medical conditions, and that target different factors, molecules or proteins,
as follows: 

Anti-TNF platform: focusing on fibrosis and anti-tumor necrosis factor anti-TNF 

SCAs platform: focusing on drugs which are synthetic cannabidiol CBD or cannabigerol CBG analogues SCAs and 

7nAChR platform: focusing on alpha 7 nicotinic acetylcholine receptor 7nAChR ). 

Our lead product candidate
recently completed Phase 2a and Phase 2b proof-of-concept clinical trials in the United Kingdom U.K. and the Netherlands
for early-stage Dupuytren s Contracture, a condition that affects the development of fibrous connective tissue in the palm of the
hand. Currently, we are planning or conducting clinical trials only for certain indications under the anti-TNF platform, such as a planned
Phase 2 trial for post-operative cognitive decline as well as a planned Phase 2 trial for frozen shoulder. The Company was recruiting
patients for a feasibility trial for frozen shoulder, for which we have ended such recruitment at nine patients, due to a regulatory
request in the UK to end slow recruiting trials. The result of the closure of the trial means that another trial will likely need to
be undertaken in the future to recruit additional participants. Of our three product development platforms, only one, the SCAs platform,
involves products that are related to cannabidiol (CBD) (and not to cannabis or tetrahydrocannabinol (THC)), and no clinical trials for
indications or products under the SCAs platform are currently being conducted in the United States or abroad. We are currently undertaking
preclinical research and development activities for the SCA and the 7nAChR platforms. 

Business Strategy 

Our goal is to capitalize
on our research in chronic pain, inflammation and fibrosis by pursuing the following strategies: 

advance our clinical-stage
 product candidate for early-stage Dupuytren s Contracture from its current late-stage development to seek and obtain approval
 in the U.K., European Union EU and the United States U.S. for such product candidate, potentially
 commercialize the product candidate in the U.K., EU and U.S. and identify the optimal commercial pathway in other markets around
 the world; 

3 

move our pre-clinical product
 candidates into clinical trials, seek and obtain approval in the U.K., EU and U.S. for such future product candidates, and potentially
 commercialize such future product candidates in the U.S., U.K. and EU; 

leverage our proprietary
 product development platforms to discover, develop and commercialize novel first-in-class products for the treatment of chronic pain,
 inflammation and fibrosis; and 

strengthen our position
 in research in chronic pain, inflammation and fibrosis. 

Overview of Product Development Platforms 

The following chart summarizes
the products and indications, including those currently in clinical trial, for our three product development platforms. 

Regulatory approvals
obtained from the MHRA and CCMO and the relevant accredited ethics committees to perform clinical trials in the U.K. and The Netherlands.
No marketing applications or requests for marketing approval have been submitted to the FDA for any products at this time. 

On December 1, 2021, the
Company announced positive top line data for the Phase 2b clinical trial of Dupuytren s Contracture. 

On February 22, 2023, the
Company announced the closure of recruitment of patients for the feasibility trial for frozen shoulder, for which we have ended such recruitment
at nine patients, due to a regulatory request in the UK to end slow recruiting trials. The result of the closure of the trial means that
another trial will likely need to be undertaken in the future to recruit additional participants. 

The product development platforms
are each described in more detail below. 

Fibrosis Anti-TNF Platform 

Our anti-tumor necrosis factor
(TNF) platform began at our wholly-owned subsidiary, 180 Therapeutics L.P. 180 LP ). This platform is focused on studying
the molecular mechanism of inflammatory diseases and fibrosis and on the discovery of TNF as a mediator of fibrosis, as well as other
immune-driven diseases. This research was first undertaken in the 1980s by our Co-Chairman, Prof. Sir Marc Feldmann, based on analysis
of tissue from patients with rheumatoid arthritis RA ). We are applying this same approach to the analysis of human disease
tissue from patients with active fibrosis, research led by Prof. Jagdeep Nanchahal in Oxford (who is also the Chairman of our Clinical
Advisory Board), which has led to the identification of new therapeutic targets and approaches that we are developing. Profs. Nanchahal
and Feldmann, in collaboration with other scientists, are leveraging their experience and expertise in developing anti-inflammatories
to search for new applications for anti-TNF therapeutics. We are seeking to demonstrate that anti-TNF drugs, such as adalimumab, have
a positive effect on new indications such as Dupuytren s Contracture, frozen shoulder and post-operative cognitive dysfunction/delirium POCD ). 

4 

Our first product candidate
in clinical development is for the potential treatment of early-stage fibrosis of the hand, Dupuytren s Contracture, for which
there is currently no approved treatment in the U.K. or EU. Collagenase from Clostridium histolyticum has been approved in the USA for
late-stage Dupuytren s Contracture. The proposed treatment will be administered by a local injection of adalimumab, an anti-TNF
antibody, into early-stage disease tissue. The results for the Phase 2a clinical trial for Dupuytren s Contracture, supported by
the Wellcome Trust, U.K. Department of Health and the Company, were published in July 2018. The study demonstrated positive tissue response
indicative of anti-fibrotic mechanisms, as well as guiding dosing for follow up trials. Having defined the most efficacious dose and
preparation and based on these positive proof of concept data, the Company, together with the Wellcome Trust and the U.K. Department
of Health, initiated a Phase 2b trial in patients with early-stage Dupuytren s Contracture. The initial plan was to randomize 138
patients in a ratio of 1:1 to receive four injections of adalimumab or placebo at three-month intervals and followed for a total of 18
months from baseline. With additional funding from the Wellcome Trust, the Phase 2b trial completed recruitment of 174 patients in April
2019, having commenced dosing in February 2017. The final patient was enrolled in April 2019. The Phase 2b clinical trial for early-stage
Dupuytren s Contracture has been completed. On December 1, 2021, the Company announced top line data from the trial, which indicates
that the primary end point of nodule hardness and the secondary end point of nodule size on ultrasound scan were met with statistically
significant differences. There were no related severe adverse events. The full results have been submitted for publication in a peer-reviewed
journal and will be disclosed upon publication. Through this fibrosis and anti-TNF product development platform, we are also performing
research for the development of potential treatments of frozen shoulder, liver and lung fibrosis and POCD. 

The following chart summarizes
the timing of current and future clinical trials, based on current proposals, under the anti-TNF platform. 

We have obtained regulatory
approvals from the U.K. Medicines and Healthcare Products Regulatory Agency (MHRA) and the Dutch Centrale Commissie Mensgebonden Onderzoek
(CCMO), as well as from the relevant accredited ethics committees, in order to perform clinical trials in the U.K. and The Netherlands
solely for indications under the anti-TNF platform. No marketing applications or requests for marketing approval have been submitted to,
the U.S. Food and Drug Administration FDA for any indications or products under the anti-TNF platform at this time. On
March 29, 2022 we submitted a request to FDA for a Type C Meeting to discuss clinical outcome assessment in clinical trials of the anti-TNF
platform for early stage Dupuytren s disease. On April 26, 2022, FDA granted the meeting request and agreed to provide written responses
in lieu of a meeting. On June 9, 2022, FDA provided the aforementioned written responses in which the agency questioned whether nodule
hardness and size would constitute an appropriate end point in such studies. Specifically, FDA stated, The proposed outcome measures
of nodule hardness and nodule size do not appear to be clinical outcome measures that measure how a patient feel, functions, or survives,
which would be needed to support a demonstration of efficacy in your future registrational studies. 

On February 22, 2023, the
Company announced the closure of recruitment of patients for the feasibility trial for frozen shoulder, for which we have ended such recruitment
at nine patients, due to a regulatory request in the UK to end slow recruiting trials. The result of the closure of the trial means that
another trial will likely need to be undertaken in the future to recruit additional participants. 

HMGB1 Program 

Our HMGB1 program
was formed with the in-licensing of the technology from the University of Oxford on November 2, 2021. Our HMGB1 program falls under the
Fibrosis and Anti-TNF Platform. We have identified HMGB1 as a therapeutic target that acts on multiple endogenous adult stem cells to
accelerate the physiological regenerative response to current or future injuries. These findings have broad relevance to the fields of
stem cell biology and regenerative medicine and suggest a therapeutic approach to promote tissue repair such as in NASH liver regeneration. 

5 

The technology was developed
by Prof. Jagdeep Nanchahal s laboratory at the University Oxford prior to licensing. Due to the early stage of development of HMGB1,
we are still in the process of assessing milestones and development timelines. The licensing of HMGB1 included the lead development candidate
for liver fibrosis. Our HMGB1 program continues to advance slowly. The molecular dynamics for the binding of this molecule are extremely
complex and potentially need more extensive research in order to identify a lead candidate. 

No regulatory approvals have
been sought or obtained from appropriate authorities at this time for any products or indications under the HMGB1 platform. 

SCAs Platform 

Our SCAs platform began at
our wholly-owned subsidiary, CannBioRex Pharmaceuticals Corp. CBR Pharma with the collaborative work of its founders Prof.
Mechoulam, deceased, and Prof. Feldmann. This platform focuses on the development of synthetic pharmaceutical grade molecules close or
distant analogs of non-psychoactive cannabinoids such as CBD for the treatment of inflammatory diseases and pain. These development efforts
are a result of a 20-year collaboration between Prof. Feldmann, who discovered and commercialized anti-TNF therapy for treatment of RA
and subsequently a number of inflammatory diseases, which is currently the best-selling drug class in the world, and Prof. Mechoulam,
who was a world leading expert in cannabis chemistry who successfully identified THC, CBD and, subsequently, the endocannabinoids. We
are working with a research team based at the Kennedy Institute at Oxford, consisting of Prof. Feldmann, Prof. Richard Williams and others,
and a research team based at Hebrew University, consisting of Prof. Avi Domb, Prof. Amnon Hoffman and others, to generate new drugs, test
them, and optimize their uptake and delivery to disease targets. The aim is to develop novel, orally active analgesic and anti-inflammatory
medications based on synthetic compounds to target chronic diseases. We term these synthetic compounds generically as synthetic
CBD analogs SCAs ). Our primary development targets are arthritis and chronic and recurrent pain, while our secondary
development targets are diabetes/diabetic neuropathy, fibromyalgia, multiple sclerosis, obesity and fatty liver disease. 

No regulatory approvals have
been sought or obtained from appropriate authorities at this time for any products or indications under the SCAs platform. 

7nAChR Platform 

Our 7nAChR platform
began at our wholly-owned subsidiary, Katexco, where its founders identified 7nAChR as a key receptor for the
amyloid proteins associated with diseases like Alzheimer s and Parkinson s Disease. 7nAChR is expressed
on the surface of both neuronal cells in the brain and on important cells of the immune system. The research conducted by Dr. Jonathan
Rothbard and Prof. Steinman has shown that small molecules available as drugs taken by mouth can engage this receptor and potentially
reduce inflammatory diseases. Dr. Rothbard and Prof. Steinman have also shown that 7nAChR is critical in reducing
disease animal models of multiple sclerosis and RA, as well as heart attack and stroke. Our 7nAChR product development
platform is currently focused on developing 7nAChR agonists for the treatment of inflammatory diseases, initially
ulcerative colitis induced after cessation of smoking. 

No regulatory approvals have
been sought or obtained from appropriate authorities at this time for any products or indications under the 7nAChR
platform. 

Product Candidates 

We are attempting to build
a broad and diverse pipeline of product candidates in chronic pain, inflammation and fibrosis. Our product candidates are and will be
selected for development based on: potential to address unmet medical needs; development feasibility as determined by our preclinical
research and development efforts; potential to rapidly achieve proof-of-concept based on easy-to-measure validated regulatory endpoints;
and significant commercial potential. 

6 

Anti-TNF Platform Dupuytren s Contracture 

Overview 

Dupuytren s Contracture,
also referred to as hand fibrosis, is a progressive, incurable disease characterized by the development of fibrous cords in the palm
of the hand, commonly affecting the ring and/or small finger and often multiple joints, leading to contracture and the inability to straighten
the affected fingers. Symptoms, when presented to a physician, range from the appearance of nodules in the palm, which can be painless
or painful and often disconcerting to the patient, to the loss of the use of the contracted finger. There are currently no approved treatment
options for those patients who present with symptomatic, early-stage disease. 

Surgery remains the standard
treatment for patients with Dupuytren s Contractures but is associated with extended recovery periods and risks of recurrence. 

We are developing therapies
by repurposing of the anti-TNF therapeutic adalimumab, previously approved and used under the brand name Humira for several autoimmune
conditions, for the treatment of early-stage Dupuytren s Contracture. Research at Oxford University has indicated an anti-TNF mechanism
can slow or prevent the proliferation of myoblast cells that lead to the formation and growth of the fibrous nodules/cords in the palm
and possible finger contracture. We have advanced the development program through Phase 2b clinical trials to evaluate the impact of
multiple, intralesional injections on disease progression and functional improvement. 

Dupuytren s patients
who have advanced disease are primarily treated by orthopedic or plastic surgeons, who rely on invasive interventions when the contracture
impacts hand function. Current treatment options include open surgeries (fasciotomies or fasciectomies) and the less invasive procedures
of needle aponeurotomy (NA) or collagenase injections. The less invasive procedures are designed to disrupt the integrity of a contracted
cord so the fingers can be straightened. Unfortunately, these options are associated with a high rate of recurrence. Dissatisfaction
within the medical and Dupuytren patient community with outcomes for later-stage disease and the lack of options to intervene at an early/pre-contracture
stage indicate there is an unmet medical need for early-stage intervention. 

According to the Dupuytren s
Foundation, Dupuytren s Contracture prevalence is estimated to be up to 7 of the U.S. population. Based on the Foundation s
estimates, approximately three million patients have contractures that should be treated but only 10 to 20 of those patients are treated.
Reasons for the lack of treatment may include the type of available interventions, poor long-term outcomes, and reimbursement hurdles. 

In primary interviews in
late 2021 with 8 orthopedic/plastic surgeons, conducted by Red Sky Partners (an independent third-party consulting firm) on our behalf
and designed to better understand the unmet need for patients with Dupuytren s Contracture, revealed a strong desire among hand
surgeons and patients to treat this condition early, before the development of late stage contractures, in a non-invasive manner that
will limit further progression, preserve function and prevent or delay invasive surgery. Surgeons reactions to the rationale for
the use of adalimumab to address this unmet need were overall positive and the mechanistic concept of an anti-TNF compound was considered
compelling. In the view of the majority of surveyed hand surgeons, the non-invasive, safe product profile would potentially position
adalimumab as an important therapeutic option for a much wider range of patients than are typically treated today. Assuming clinical
efficacy and safety are supported with published data, we believe that adalimumab would become an attractive alternative to surgery,
needle aponeurotomy or collagenase. Further, we believe it has potential use in many early-stage patients who are not treated today. 

Based on both primary (feedback
from these physician interviews) and secondary research, Red Sky Partners concluded that an initial label focused on patients with a
clear contracture where adalimumab would soften nodules and limit progression would be highly differentiated from current therapies and
could generate revenues in the range of 300 million to 350 million annually in the U.S. More significantly, the opportunity to offer
a safe, non-invasive therapeutic leading to improved function could dramatically expand the treatable population as more patients seek
treatment and more physicians are motivated to offer their patients an alternative to waiting to see if their disease progresses, which
they cannot do today. This product positioning could generate a revenue opportunity two to three times the initial market opportunity. 

Phase 2 Clinical Trials 

Our wholly-owned subsidiary,
180 LP, contributed to the funding of a Phase 2a clinical trial for Dupuytren s Contracture along with the Wellcome Trust and the
U.K. Department of Health, which using an experimental medicine clinical trial design demonstrated positive tissue response, as well
as guiding dosing and tolerability for follow-up trials. The data was published in June 2018. 

7 

For the Phase 2a trial, we
recruited 28 patients, eight assigned to the 15 milligrams (mg), 12 to the 35 mg and eight to the 40 mg adalimumab cohorts.
There was no change in mRNA levels for ACTA2, COL1A1, COL3A1 and CDH11 . Levels of -SMA protein expression
in patients treated with 40 mg adalimumab (1.09 0.09 ng per g of total protein) were significantly
lower (p = 0.006) compared to placebo treated patients (1.51 0.09 ng/ g). The levels of procollagen
type I protein expression were also significantly lower (p = 0.019) in the subgroup treated with 40 mg adalimumab (474 84 pg/ g
total protein) compared with placebo (817 78 pg/ g). There were two serious adverse events, both considered
unrelated to the study drug. In this dose-ranging study, injection of 40 mg of adalimumab in 0.4 ml resulted in down regulation
of the myofibroblast phenotype as evidenced by reduction in expression of -SMA and type I procollagen proteins at 2 weeks. 

Having defined the most efficacious
dose and preparation and based on these positive proof-of-concept data, the Company, together with the Wellcome Trust and the U.K. Department
of Health, initiated a Phase 2b trial in patients with early-stage Dupuytren s Contracture. The initial plan was to randomize 138
patients in a ratio of 1:1 to receive four injections of adalimumab or placebo at three-month intervals and followed for a total of 18
months from baseline. The Phase 2b trial, which was funded by grants from the Wellcome Trust and the U.K. Department of Health, with
a contribution from 180 LP to purchase the drug, completed recruitment of 174 patients in April 2019 and commenced dosing in February 2017
in the U.K. and Groningen, The Netherlands. 

The Phase 2b clinical trial
for early-stage Dupuytren s Contracture has been completed. On December 1, 2021, the Company announced top line data from the trial,
which indicates that the primary end point of nodule hardness and the secondary end point of nodule size on ultrasound scan were met
with statistically significant differences. There were no related severe adverse events. The full results have been published in the
Lancet Rheumatology publication on April 29, 2022. 

Other Product Candidates or Indications 

In addition to the potential
treatment, we are developing for Dupuytren s Contracture described above, we are seeking to repurpose anti-TNF for use as a treatment
for other fibrotic conditions such as frozen shoulder. Prof. Feldmann s previous work in the 1980 s demonstrated that anti-TNF
is an effective anti-inflammatory with many possible uses, and it was subsequently approved for various forms of inflammatory arthritis
and inflammatory bowel disease (IBD), as well as other indications. This has since created what is currently the best-selling drug class
in the world, anti-TNF therapeutics, which, according to a Research Reports World report published on November 3, 2022, was valued at
 42.7 billion in 2022. By using a well-known and extensively used therapeutic, adalimumab, the research and development process may be
truncated because of existing product information relating to safety, as the drug has been widely used over the past 20 years in millions
of patients. 

Frozen Shoulder 

Frozen shoulder, also referred
to as adhesive capsulitis, is an extremely painful and debilitating condition that affects an individual s everyday activities,
including sleep. According to the National Institute of Health, frozen shoulder is most common in people between the ages of 40 and 60.
It is estimated that 2 to 5 of the population are affected by frozen shoulder at some point, and it is somewhat more common in women
than in men. People with diabetes are particularly likely to develop a frozen shoulder: About 10 to 20 of them get it, but it is not
yet known why this happens. In addition, approximately 20 of people suffering from a frozen shoulder will develop the same problem in
their other shoulder. According to an article published in Shoulder Elbow in 2010, it is estimated that up to 30 of patients with
diabetes develop frozen shoulder, and the symptoms tend to be more persistent and recalcitrant in this group. 

During the pain predominant
inflammatory phase, patients are typically treated with analgesics, physiotherapy and corticosteroid injections. Patients with persistent
stiffness may be referred to secondary care for capsular release by manipulation under anesthesia, hydrodilatation or surgical arthroscopy.
To our knowledge, there is currently no approved targeted therapy, and in conjunction with the National Institute for Health Research
(U.K.), we are investigating the feasibility of recruiting patients during the early pain-predominant inflammatory phase of the disease
and delivery of a local injection of anti-TNF. The set-up stage for this Phase 2 clinical trial for the local injection of anti-TNF for
frozen shoulder started in June 2021. A 250,000 grant has been awarded from NIHR to the University of Oxford to support execution
and clinical trial sites are being identified. The Company is providing additional funding to support this trial. The recruitment of
men and women across England with early-stage Frozen shoulder for a trial to determine the feasibility of conducting a large randomized
controlled trial to assess whether an intra-articular injection of anti-TNF (Adalimumab) can reduce pain and improve function in people
with pain predominant early-stage frozen shoulder, which was called the Anti-Freaze-F trial, began in May 2022. The Anti-Freaze-F trial
was being run by the University of Oxford and originally sought to recruit 84 participants. Following delays in gaining approvals due
to backlogs in the NIHR system due to COVID-19 and consequential staff vacancies, nine participants were recruited for participation
in the trial through mid-February 2023. Subsequently, the NIHR s Research Recovery and Reset program identified the trial as slow
moving, due to the considerable challenges we faced to open recruitment sites and enroll sufficient participants during COVID-19. Therefore,
the NIHR asked the chief investigators to close the trial for further recruitment. The participants enrolled to date will receive their
injections and follow up according to the established protocol. The Company had previously requested a no-cost extension, which was denied.
The result of the closure of the trial means that another trial will likely need to be undertaken at a future time to recruit additional
participants. 

8 

Human Liver Fibrosis 

Fibrosis of the liver is
characterized by long-term damage to the organ caused by the replacement of normal liver tissue with scar tissue. The condition is most
commonly caused by non-alcoholic fatty liver disease NAFLD ), which encompasses non-alcoholic fatty liver NFL and non-alcoholic steatohepatitis NASH ). NAFLD affects approximately 30 of the U.S. population, according to an article
published in Nature Reviews Gastroenterology Hepatology in 2016. Approximately 2 of patients with NFL and approximately 15 to
20 of patients with NASH progress to cirrhosis, fibrosis of the liver with major health issues. 

To our knowledge, there is
no current approved treatment for individuals with NASH. We therefore believe that there is a large potential market for the creation
of an effective preventative treatment. According to Allied Market Research, the market for treating liver fibrosis was approximately
 13 billion in 2018 and is projected to rise to approximately 20 billion in 2022, rising at a compounded annual growth rate (CAGR) of
over 11 per year. We initiated preclinical studies for NASH based on human liver samples during the second quarter of 2020. 

Post-operative Cognitive Decline (POCD) 

POCD is a common neuropsychiatric
syndrome, defined as disturbance of attention, awareness and cognition, which develops over a short period of time and tends to fluctuate
during the course of the day. Patients with hip fracture are at particularly high risk of developing POCD. The U.K. s national
audit data for 2018 showed that 25 of all patients with hip fracture suffered from delirium. POCD is associated with poor functional
outcomes, reduced quality of life and longer hospital stays. People with hip fracture who developed delirium are twice as likely to die
as inpatients, and nearly four times more likely to need placement in a nursing home. POCD has also been closely associated with long-term
cognitive impairment. 

Hip fractures are one of
the main challenges facing elderly patients and healthcare systems. According to an article published in The Lancet Public Health in
2017, hip fractures are associated with an average loss of 2.7 of the healthy life expectancy in the middle-aged and older population
in the U.S. and Europe. People suffering hip fracture have a mean age of 83 years, are frail, and two-thirds are women. They suffer a
30-day mortality of 7 and experience a persistent reduction in their health-related quality-of-life similar to that of a diagnosis of
Parkinson s disease or multiple sclerosis. According to various studies, POCD is developed in 13-40 of patients following cardiac
surgery. With 500,000 open heart surgeries and 450,000 hip surgeries in the USA each year, in advanced age patients, a beneficial therapy
to treat POCD would be a significant benefit to these patients. We plan to initiate a Phase 2 study using anti-TNF for POCD and start
patient recruitment during the second or third quarter of 2023. An issued patent to protect this potential use has been licensed from
The Kennedy Trust for Rheumatology Research. 

SCAs Platform 

Overview 

Cannabinoids are a class
of compounds derived from cannabis plants. The two major cannabinoids contained in cannabis are CBD and THC. Although one cannabinoid,
THC, is known to cause psychoactive effects associated with the use of herbal cannabis, no other cannabinoid is known to share these
properties. In recent decades, there have been major scientific advances that have led to the discovery of new plant-derived cannabinoids
and the endocannabinoid system. There are at least two types of cannabinoid receptors in the human endocannabinoid system, cannabinoid
receptor 1 CB1 and cannabinoid receptor 2 CB2 ). CB1 receptors are considered to be among the most widely
expressed G protein-coupled receptors in the brain and are particularly abundant in areas of the brain concerned with movement and postural
control, pain and sensory perception, memory, cognition, emotion, and autonomic and endocrine function. CB1 receptors are also found
in peripheral tissues including peripheral nerves and non-neuronal tissues such as muscle, liver tissues and fat. CB2 receptors are expressed
primarily in tissues in the immune system and are believed to mediate the immunological effects of cannabinoids. CBD does not interact
with CB1 receptors and is only a weak agonist of CB2 receptors. CBD interacts with other important neurotransmitter and neuromodulatory
systems in the human body, including transient receptor potential channels, adenosine uptake and serotonin receptors. The far-reaching
and diverse pharmacology of the numerous cannabinoids provides significant potential for development of cannabinoid therapeutics across
many indications and disease areas, but also adds to the complexity of the research. 

9 

For the SCA program, we have
agreements in place with Hebrew University and Oxford, pursuant to which we intend to conduct research to develop and characterize novel
SCAs for the treatment of certain target indications, and to perform early-phase clinical trials. Through the Research Agreements with
Hebrew University and Oxford, we established research facilities at the Hebrew University and Oxford, in which the development and testing
of new cannabinoids designed and synthesized at the Hebrew University will be facilitated. The labs at the Hebrew University will synthesize
the chemical compounds and perform preliminary efficacy and safety studies. 

Once these initial studies
are completed at the Hebrew University, the chemical compounds are sent to Prof. Richard Williams at Oxford, where further evaluation
is carried out to identify candidates which have the best potential for clinical efficacy and commercial development. Subsequently, we
will support the clinical development of the lead compound(s), culminating in Phase 2 clinical trials to establish clinical utility in
chronic pain and inflammatory indications. 

The focus of the research
is the development of safe and well-tolerated compounds with analgesic and immunomodulatory activity and with the capacity to synergize
with current therapies, which target downstream inflammatory processes. After conducting initial research and development, we selected
the most promising of the chemical derivatives to move into Phase 1/2 clinical trials, pending successful toxicity studies. In addition,
we have identified two lead solid dosage oral formulations of CBD from animal studies, and preparations are underway to facilitate pharmacokinetic
analysis in healthy human volunteers. 

Product Candidates or Indications 

We believe that there are
unmet needs for orally available, relatively safe anti-inflammatory drugs, especially those with analgesic properties. We believe that
SCAs have the potential to fulfill these needs and we have started to develop novel, orally available and patentable drug candidates
to treat certain diseases or conditions such as arthritis, multiple sclerosis, diabetes, psoriasis, obesity and fatty liver, and various
painful conditions. Our work on SCAs is currently in the preclinical development stage. 

Because medical cannabis
is a complex mixture of compounds from plants, providing a consistent level of the active compound of interest or controlling the level
of the other natural compounds is difficult. Accordingly, we are working on orally available SCAs, not derived from plants, to address
the deleterious issues of medical cannabis described above. If successful, these SCAs could become approved drug products that offer
a robustly consistent and safe dosage that allows patient intake to be carefully controlled. 

We believe that the development
and clinical study of SCAs will reveal that SCAs have several key advantages over medical cannabis, including: 

use of a
 pure compound (>99.5 rather than a mixture of compounds; 

ability to
 test and control dosing, which in turn controls efficacy and side effect levels; 

creation
 of a reproducible product; and 

ability to
 engineer novel synthetic analogs to control binding preferences to select receptors, control agonist or antagonist effects of receptor
 binding (pharmacokinetics and dynamics), modify half-life of the drug in the body, and create pro-drug forms that are only activated
 in specified tissues, thereby potentially reducing off target side effects. 

In addition to the above
advantages, testing SCAs in scientific, double-blind clinical trials would help to allay physicians concerns regarding the therapeutic
use of marijuana-based compounds. This change could increase the number of patients that have access to these drug therapies. If clinical
trials are successful, there are a number of potential markets and indications for SCAs which we could target, which include individuals
suffering from chronic and recurrent pain, diabetes, osteoarthritis, obesity and fatty liver disease. 

10 

7nAChR Platform 

Overview 

Two of our lead scientists,
Prof. Steinman and Dr. Rothbard, previously identified a key receptor for the amyloid proteins associated with diseases like Alzheimer s
and Parkinson s disease, called 7nAChR. The 7nAChR is expressed on the surface of both neuronal cells in the brain
and on cells of the immune system. The research conducted by Dr. Rothbard and Prof. Steinman has shown that small molecules available
as drugs taken by mouth can engage this receptor and potently reduce inflammatory diseases. Dr. Rothbard and Prof. Steinman have shown
that this receptor is critical in reducing disease in animal models of multiple sclerosis and RA, as well as heart attack and stroke. 

Our efforts to understand
the role of the high concentration of small heat shock proteins sHsp found in the lesions in the brains of patients
with multiple sclerosis led us to realize that the protein was (i) immune suppressive and (ii) therapeutic in animal 2 models of
multiple sclerosis, cardiac and retinal ischemia, and stroke. A significant realization was that amyloid fibrils composed of proteins
or small peptides exhibited biological responses equivalent to the sHsps. The fibrils and the sHsps specifically bound and activated
macrophages M and regulatory B cells. Crosslinking and precipitation experiments demonstrated that both species
bound nAChR and signaled through Jak2/Stat3. We realized that nicotine treatment of experimental autoimmune encephalomyelitis EAE induces an identical pattern of immune suppression as our treatments and exhibits pre-clinical efficacy that is comparable with many
of the drugs that are approved for multiple sclerosis (MS) when they were tested in EAE models. Collectively, these observations have
informed our strategy to develop an orally available, small molecule agonist of 7nAChR for inflammation and autoimmune diseases. 

The 7 subunit of 7nAChR
is an integral part of an endogenous immune suppressive pathway, in which activation of the vagus nerve stimulates acetylcholine secretion,
which in turn binds 7nAChR on M s and regulatory B lymphocytes. Activation of the M s initiates an immunosuppressive cascade
of events that lead to reduction of pro-inflammatory cytokines, suppression of B and T cell activation and control of inflammation. 

In autoimmune diseases like
RA, where there is intense inflammation destroying joints, and in multiple sclerosis, where the brain is under attack with damage to
vital neurologic circuits, the body s immune system turns against its own tissues. Other diseases ranging from atherosclerosis
to gout, also reveal manifestations of an unwanted autoimmune attack. 

Activation of the 7nAChR
results in a signaling cascade involving Jak2 and Stat3 leading to the conversion of the macrophages to an immune suppressive phenotype
and the production of IL-10. IL-10 is known to reduce inflammatory cytokines, most prominently TNF, IL-1, and IL-6. Consequently, 7nAChR
agonists should complement anti-TNF therapy, which opens up the possibility of developing a new class of orally available medicines which
are anti-inflammatory but much safer than existing medications such as NSAIDS, Cox2 inhibitors, methotrexate, and Janus kinase (JAK)
inhibitors. This is because 7nAChR agonists are activating an endogenous regulatory pathway, rather than blocking important pathways
needed for diverse processes. The market opportunity arises from the complex and expensive effort by several large and small biotechnology
companies in the development of a spectrum of orally available partial agonists specific for 7nAChR. The compounds underwent extensive
preclinical assessment and were used in 18 studies comprising 2,670 subjects. 

11 

The drugs universally were
shown to be safe, but ineffective in trials for neurologic and psychiatric diseases, namely Alzheimer s disease and schizophrenia.
In randomized, placebo-controlled clinical trials for cognitive impairment in Alzheimer s disease and schizophrenia, the compounds
failed to meet their primary endpoint. 

We plan to use these previous
studies as a foundation to potentially develop a patentable 7nAChR analog within this family to use as an immune suppressive to
treat a range of inflammatory and autoimmune indications including RA, inflammatory bowel disease (IBD), relapsing and progressive forms
of multiple sclerosis, atherosclerosis, gout and osteoarthritis. Our scientists have found that the 7 receptor on macrophages
and regulatory B lymphocytes are different from the target of the drugs developed so far. 

Product Candidates or Indications 

We intend to identify, characterize,
synthesize, and patent an orally available small molecular weight agonist of 7nAChR by screening non-patented analogs of large
numbers of known agonists defined by pharmaceutical companies. We intend to outsource this work to Evotec GMBH, an integrated early discovery
organization, and one which we have worked with in the past, specializing in ion channels and transporters, offering clients specialized
technologies and scientific expertise to move from target to lead compounds. 

Following a safety and efficacy
assessment program, we intend to select candidates for pre-clinical development as a prelude to the potential initiation of clinical
studies, which could potentially be followed by an Investigational New Drug Application IND to the FDA. Our first intended
target indication for its 7nAChR development platform is smoking cessation induced ulcerative colitis. 

Outsourcing and Manufacturing 

We are currently outsourcing
our clinical trials, which are conducted at Oxford University, Edinburgh, U.K. and Groningen, The Netherlands and only involve certain
indications under the anti-TNF platform. We expect to continue to outsource our clinical trials and conduct them at (1) in the case of
the anti-TNF platform, Oxford University and Groningen, The Netherlands, (2) in the case of the SCAs platform, Hebrew University and
Oxford University, and (3) in the case of the 7nAChR platform, to be determined. 

We also expect to outsource
all of our manufacturing activities, including those activities at the research or clinical stage, with SCAs to be produced at Hebrew
University and 7nAChR to be produced by Evotec GMBH and the anti-TNF platform utilizing off-the-shelf adalimumab.
In addition, we expect our products to be good manufacturing practice (GMP) grade and produced by accredited contract research organizations
(CROs). 

Material Agreements 

We have entered into material research and licensing agreements (the
 Research Agreements with various universities and parties in order to conduct research to develop potential product candidates.
We have also entered into other material consulting and advisory services agreements with various scientists (the Consulting Agreements to assist with such research. 

Overview of Research Agreements 

The Research Agreements include
agreements with the Hebrew University and Oxford. For the anti-TNF platform, the Research Agreements with Oxford allow the Company to
contribute financially to sponsor the research being conducted for the anti-TNF platform. In return, the Company will receive an exclusive
option to license any intellectual property arising from the Research Agreements. There are also license agreements in place whereby
we have exclusively licensed certain intellectual property from Oxford. 

For the SCA program, we have
agreements in place with Hebrew University and Oxford, pursuant to which we intend to conduct research to develop and characterize novel
SCAs for the treatment of certain target indications, and to perform early-phase clinical trials. Through the Research Agreements with
Hebrew University and Oxford, we established research facilities at the Hebrew University and Oxford, in which the development and testing
of new cannabinoids designed and synthesized at the Hebrew University will be facilitated. 

12 

The Research Agreements are
each described below. 

Research Agreements with the Hebrew University 

On May 13, 2018, our wholly-owned
subsidiary CBR Pharma entered into a research and license agreement (the 2018 Hebrew Agreement with Yissum Research Development
Company of the Hebrew University of Jerusalem, Ltd. Yissum ), pursuant to which Yissum granted CBR Pharma a worldwide exclusive
license (the 2018 Hebrew License to develop and commercialize certain patents (the 2018 Hebrew Licensed Patents ),
know-how and research results (collectively, the 2018 Hebrew Licensed Technology ), in order to develop, manufacture, market,
distribute or sell products, all within the use of the 2018 Hebrew Licensed Technology for the treatment of any and all veterinary and
human medical conditions, including obesity, pain, inflammation and arthritis (the 2018 Field ). 

Pursuant to the 2018 Hebrew
Agreement, notwithstanding the grant of the 2018 Hebrew License, Yissum, on behalf of Hebrew University, will retain the right to (i)
make, use and practice the 2018 Hebrew Licensed Technology for Hebrew University s own research and educational purposes; (ii)
license or otherwise convey to other academic and not-for-profit research organizations the 2018 Hebrew Licensed Technology for use in
non-commercial research; and (iii) license or otherwise convey the 2018 Hebrew Licensed Technology to any third party for research or
commercial applications outside the 2018 Field. 

The 2018 Hebrew Agreement
further provides that CBR Pharma is entitled to grant one or more sublicenses to the 2018 Hebrew Licensed Technology for exploitation
in the 2018 Field. 

All right, title and interest
in and to the 2018 Hebrew Licensed Technology vest solely in Yissum, and CBR Pharma will hold and make use of the rights granted pursuant
to the 2018 Hebrew License solely in accordance with the terms of the 2018 Hebrew Agreement. 

As consideration for the
2018 Hebrew License, CBR Pharma paid Yissum a license fee of 75,000 and agreed to continue to pay an annual license maintenance fee
(the License Maintenance Fee of 50,000, beginning on May 1, 2019 and thereafter on the first day of May each year.
The License Maintenance Fee is non-refundable but may be credited each year against royalties on account of net sales of products made
from May 1 to April 30 of each year. 

Yissum has also agreed to
undertake research and to synthesize chemical compounds that will be used by CBR Pharma, through additional research at both Oxford and
Hebrew University, to develop orally active analgesic and anti-inflammatory medications. Compounds will be shipped from Hebrew University
to Oxford for use in pre-clinical studies to establish efficacy in pain and inflammation. 

Upon the achievement of certain
milestones in respect of the chemical compounds derived from the 2018 Hebrew Licensed Technology, CBR Pharma is obligated to make certain
payments to Yissum, including but not limited to the following: 

Milestone 
 Milestone Fee 
 
 Submission of the first IND testing for the FDA 
 75,000 
 
 Commencement of one Phase 1/2 trial with the FDA 
 100,000 
 
 Commencement of one Phase 3 trial with the FDA 
 150,000 
 
 For each product market authorization/clearance (maximum of 500,000) 
 100,000 

(maximum
 of 500,000) 
 
 For every 250 million in accumulated sales of the product until
 1 billion in sales is achieved 
 250,000 

CBR Pharma will pay Yissum
royalties equal to (i) 3 of the net sales for the first annual 500 million of net sales, and (ii) 5 of the net sales after the net
sales are at or in excess of 500 million. 

13 

In the event of a sale by
CBR Pharma stockholders of their common shares or the transfer or assignment of the 2018 Hebrew Agreement, CBR Pharma is obligated to
pay Yissum a fee of 5 of the consideration received by CBR Pharma pursuant to such corporate transaction. In the event of an initial
public offering, or a go-public event, CBR Pharma was obligated to issue registered common shares to Yissum equal to 5 of the issued
and outstanding common shares, on a fully-diluted basis, concurrently with the closing of such transaction. The Business Combination
that was consummated on November 6, 2020, was considered a go-public event, pursuant to which the Company issued 12,028 of its common
shares to Yissum prior to the closing of the Business Combination. See Note 11 - Commitments and Contingencies and Note 12 Stockholders 
Equity of the financial statements for the fiscal period ended December 31, 2022 included herein for more information on the shares issued
to Yissum as per the research and license agreement. 

CBR Pharma has also agreed
to reimburse Yissum (to a maximum of 30,000) for costs incurred for patent expenses. 

Yissum and CBR Pharma also
agreed to establish a research program for which CBR Pharma funded a 400,000 budget for the 12-month period ended May 2019, which is
in the process of being extended by an amendment. 

The 2018 Hebrew Agreement
will terminate upon the occurrence of the later of the following: (i) the expiration of the last of the 2018 Hebrew Licensed Patents;
(ii) the expiration of the last exclusivity on any product granted by any regulatory or government body; (iii) the expiration of a continuous
period of twenty years during which there was no commercial sale of any product in any country; or (iv) if we elect to obtain an exclusive
license to the know-how under the terms of the 2018 Hebrew Agreement, the expiration of such exclusive license. 

On November 11, 2019, CBR
Pharma entered into an additional research and license agreement (the 2019 Hebrew Agreement with Yissum, pursuant to which
Yissum granted CBR Pharma a worldwide sole and exclusive license (the 2019 Hebrew License to develop and commercialize
certain patents (the 2019 Hebrew Licensed Patents ), know-how and research results (collectively, the 2019 Hebrew
Licensed Technology, and together with the 2018 Hebrew Licensed Technology, the Hebrew Licensed Technology ), in order
to develop, manufacture, market, distribute, sell, repair and refurbish products, all within the use of the 2019 Hebrew Licensed Technology
for (i) Cannabinoid phenolate metal salts, including mono, di and trivalent metals such as Li, Na, K, Ca, Mg, Zn, Fe and Al and their
mixtures with native or synthetic cannabinoids, their pharmaceutical formulations, including for oral and topical administration; and
(ii) pharmaceutical formulations, for the administration of cannabinoid chemical derivatives, including any and all veterinary and human
medical conditions, including obesity, pain, inflammation and arthritis (the 2019 Field ). 

Pursuant to the 2019 Hebrew
Agreement, notwithstanding the grant of the 2019 Hebrew License, Yissum, on behalf of Hebrew University, will retain the right to (i)
make, use and practice the 2019 Hebrew Licensed Technology for Hebrew University s own research and educational purposes, but not
for commercial purposes, and subject to the maintenance of confidentiality for any know-how or unpublished patent information contained
in the 2019 Hebrew Licensed Technology; (ii) license or otherwise convey to other academic and not-for-profit research organizations
the 2019 Hebrew Licensed Technology for use in non-commercial research and subject to the maintenance of confidentiality for any know-how
or unpublished patent information contained in the 2019 Hebrew Licensed Technology; and (iii) license or otherwise convey the 2019 Hebrew
Licensed Technology to any third party for research or commercial applications outside the 2019 Field, subject to the maintenance of
confidentiality for any know-how or unpublished patent information contained in the 2019 Hebrew Licensed Technology. 

The 2019 Hebrew Agreement
further provides that CBR Pharma is entitled to grant one or more sublicenses to the 2019 Hebrew Licensed Technology for exploitation
in the 2019 Field. 

All right, title and interest
in and to the 2019 Hebrew Licensed Technology vests solely in Yissum, and CBR Pharma will hold and make use of the rights granted pursuant
to the 2019 Hebrew License solely in accordance with the terms of the 2019 Hebrew Agreement. 

14 

The 2019 Hebrew Licensed
Technology will terminate upon the occurrence of the later of the following: (i) the expiration of the last of the 2019 Hebrew Licensed
Patents; (ii) the expiration of the last exclusivity on any product granted by any regulatory or government body; (iii) the expiration
of a continuous period of twenty years plus any applicable patent extension period, during which there was no commercial sale of any
product in any country; or (iv) if we elect to obtain an exclusive license to the know-how under the terms of the 2019 Hebrew Agreement,
the expiration of such exclusive license. 

On January 1, 2020, CBR Pharma
and Yissum entered into the first amendment to the 2018 Hebrew Agreement, which provided for additional research to be done at Yissum
on new derivatives of certain molecules. Pursuant to the terms of the First Amendment, the Company will pay Yissum 200,000 per year plus
35 additional for University overhead for the additional research performed by each professor over an 18-month period, starting May 1,
2019. The additional research ended in April 2021 and further preclinical work is expected to be undertaken following research and development
of a potentially successful drug delivery method, which is in its late stage development. 

Research Agreements with the University
of Oxford 

On November 1, 2013, our
wholly-owned subsidiary 180 LP entered into an agreement (the First Oxford Agreement with Oxford, pursuant to which
180 LP will sponsor Oxford s research and development of repurposing anti-TNF for Dupuytren s Contracture. 

Pursuant to the First Oxford
Agreement, each payment is to be made to ISIS Innovation (now Oxford University Innovation) at different milestones of the project, outlined
below: 

Milestone 
 Milestone 
 Fee 
 
 Minimum investment completed 
 10,000 
 
 Initiation of Phase 2 trial for a licensed product 
 10,000 
 
 Initiation of Phase 3 trial for a licensed product 
 10,000 
 
 Registerable Phase 3 trial primary endpoint achieved for
 a licensed product 
 20,000 
 
 Any issued U.S. patent of the licensed intellectual property rights 
 5,000 
 
 Approval
 by FDA of a New Drug Application NDA filed by 180 LP or one of its sub-licensees for a licensed product 
 30,000 
 
 Approval by EMA of an MAA filed by 180 LP or one of its
 sub-licensees for a licensed product 
 30,000 
 
 First commercial sale of a licensed product by 180 LP
 or any sub-licensee in the U.S. 
 50,000 
 
 First commercial sale of a licensed product by 180 LP
 or any sub-licensee in the EU 
 50,000 

ISIS Innovation is also eligible
for royalty payments equal to 0.5 of net sales in any country where there is a valid claim, 0.25 of net sales in other countries and
a fee income royalty rate of 7.5 on all up-front, milestone and other one-off payments under or in connection with all sub-licenses
and other contracts granted by 180 LP with respect to the licensed technology. The First Oxford Agreement is effective, unless earlier
terminated, for so long as the specified patent application remains in effect as an issued patent, pending patent application or supplementary
protection certificate or for a term of 20 years, whichever is longer. 

On August 15, 2018, CannBioRex
Pharma Limited, a company incorporated under the laws of England and Wales CannU.K. and a wholly-owned subsidiary
of our wholly-owned subsidiary CBR Pharma, entered into the Research Agreement (the Second Oxford Agreement with
Oxford, pursuant to which CBR Pharma (through CannU.K.) has sponsored Oxford s research and development of SCAs developed from
the Hebrew Licensed Technology. At Oxford, the SCAs generated in the Hebrew University are being tested for analgesic and anti-inflammatory
effects in established pre-clinical models. 

15 

Pursuant to the Second Oxford
Agreement, Oxford undertook a research project (the Research Project based around the clinical development of SCAs
that are known to exhibit both anti-inflammatory and immunomodulatory properties. The aim of the Research Project was to develop and
characterize chemical compounds that are synthesized at Hebrew University to create treatments for chronic pain, RA and other chronic
inflammatory conditions, and to eventually obtain regulatory approval to initiate early-phase clinical trials by mid to late 2022 or
as soon as possible thereafter. The Second Oxford Agreement had an initial term of one year beginning on March 22, 2019, but was extended
by amendment to March 31, 2020, or any later date agreed to by the parties, unless terminated earlier. The Second Oxford Agreement was
not extended any further after March 31, 2020, and CannU.K. s relationship with Oxford continued with additional agreements with
Oxford, as described below. 

CannU.K., as the sponsor
of the Research Project, made the following payments to Oxford pursuant to the Second Oxford Agreement: 

Milestone 
 Milestone 
 Fee 
 
 Signature of the Oxford Agreement 
 166,800 
 
 6 months post start of the Research Project 
 166,800 
 
 9 months post start of the Research Project 
 166,800 
 
 12 months post start of the Research Project, after report 
 55,600 

On September 18, 2020, CannU.K.
entered into another research agreement with Oxford (the Third Oxford Agreement ), pursuant to which CannU.K. sponsors work
led by Prof. Nanchahal at the University of Oxford to investigate the mechanisms underlying fibrosis. In connection with the agreement,
CannU.K. initially provided 100,000 and then at 6-month intervals further funding to support the salary of Dr. Lynn Williams and consumables. 

CannU.K., as the sponsor,
agreed to make the following payments to Oxford pursuant to the Third Oxford Agreement: 

Milestone 
 Amount 
 Due (excluding 
 VAT) 
 
 30 days post signing of the Third Oxford Agreement 
 80,000 
 
 6 months post signing of the Third Oxford Agreement 
 178,867 
 
 12 months post signing of the Third Oxford Agreement 
 178,867 
 
 24 months post signing of the Third Oxford Agreement 
 178,867 
 
 36 months post signing of the Third Oxford Agreement 
 178,867 

On September 21, 2020, CannU.K.
entered into another research agreement with Oxford (the Fourth Oxford Agreement ), pursuant to which CannU.K. agreed to
sponsor work at the University of Oxford to develop and characterize novel cannabinoid derived new chemical entities (NCEs) for the treatment
of inflammatory diseases towards initiation of early phase clinical trials in patients within a period of 3 years. 

16 

CannU.K., as the sponsor,
agreed to make the following payments to Oxford pursuant to the Fourth Oxford Agreement: 

Milestone 
 Amount 
 Due (excluding 
 VAT) 
 
 30 days post signing of the Fourth Oxford Agreement 
 101,778 
 
 6 months post signing of the Fourth Oxford Agreement 
 101,778 
 
 12 months post signing of the Fourth Oxford Agreement 
 101,778 
 
 18 months post signing of the Fourth Oxford Agreement 
 101,778 
 
 24 months post signing of the Fourth Oxford Agreement 
 101,778 

On March 22, 2022, CannU.K.
entered into an amendment to the Fourth Oxford Agreement, to extend the research period to December 31, 2023, at no additional cost to
CannU.K. 

On May 24, 2021, CannU.K.
entered into another research agreement with Oxford (the Fifth Oxford Agreement ), pursuant to which CannU.K. will sponsor
work at the University of Oxford to conduct a multi-center, randomized, double blind, parallel group, feasibility study of anti-TNF injection
for the treatment of adults with frozen shoulder during the pain-predominant phase. 

CannU.K., as the sponsor,
agreed to make the following payments to Oxford pursuant to the Fifth Oxford Agreement: 

Milestone 
 Amount 
 Due (excluding 
 VAT) 
 
 Upon signing of the Fifth Oxford Agreement 
 70,546 
 
 6 months post signing of the Fifth Oxford Agreement 
 70,546 
 
 12 months post signing of the Fifth Oxford Agreement 
 70,546 
 
 24 months post signing of the Fifth Oxford Agreement 
 70,546 

Oxford License Agreement 

On November 3, 2021, we entered
into an exclusive license agreement with Oxford University Innovation Limited Oxford License Agreement ), pursuant
to which we were granted the rights to certain patents related to the HMGB1 molecule for liver regeneration. 

Pursuant to the Oxford License
Agreement, the Company agreed to the following payment terms: 

Payment 
 Amount Due 
 
 Past patent costs 
 49,207 
 
 License fee 
 10,000 
 
 Annual maintenance fee 
 3,000 

17 

Milestone 
 Amount 
 Due 
 
 Submission of IND 
 25,000 
 
 1 st Subject
 dosed in Phase I studies for each product, each indication 
 25,000 
 
 1 st Subject
 dosed in Phase II studies for each product, each indication 
 100,000 
 
 1 st Subject
 dosed in Phase III studies for each product, each indication 
 50,000 
 
 Submission of New Drug Application for each product for each indication 
 50,000 
 
 Issued US patent, per patent 
 5,000 
 
 Receipt of Regulatory Approval in the US for each product for each indication 
 1,250,000 
 
 Receipt of Regulatory Approval in the EU or U.K. for each product for each indication 
 550,000 
 
 Receipt of Regulatory Approval in the Japan for each product for each indication 
 150,000 
 
 Aggregate Net Sales Exceed 5Bn 
 10,000,000 
 
 Aggregate Net Sales Exceed 10Bn 
 50,000,000 

Net Sales (US 
 Royalty 
 Rate 
 
 10B 
 3.50 

Stanford License Agreement 

On May 8, 2018, Katexco Pharmaceuticals
Corp, a wholly-owned subsidiary of our wholly-owned subsidiary Katexco, entered into an option agreement (the Stanford Option with the Board of Trustees of the Leland Stanford Junior University Stanford ), pursuant to which Stanford granted Katexco
an option to acquire an exclusive license for the development and commercialization of certain inventions. In consideration for the Stanford
Option, Katexco paid Stanford 10,000 (the Option Payment ), creditable against the license issue fee agreement. 

On July 25, 2018 (the Stanford
Effective Date ), Katexco exercised the Stanford Option, and entered into an exclusive license agreement (the Stanford License
Agreement with Stanford, pursuant to which Katexco was granted the rights to certain U.S. patents related to (i) alpha B-crystallin
as a therapy for autoimmune demyelination and (ii) peptides as short as six amino acids that form amyloid fibrils that activate B-1 cells
and macrophages and are anti-inflammatory and therapeutic in autoimmune and neurodegenerative diseases (the Stanford Licensed Patents ).
Through the Stanford License Agreement, Katexco established research facilities at Stanford. We will support the clinical development
of the lead compound(s), culminating in Phase 1 and Phase 2 clinical trials to establish potential clinical utility in ulcerative
colitis indications. 

18 

Under the Stanford License
Agreement, no rights of Stanford, including intellectual property rights, are granted to Katexco other than those rights granted under
the Stanford Licensed Patents. 

As consideration for the
grant of the Stanford Licensed Patents, Katexco paid Stanford an initial fee of 50,000, inclusive of the Option Payment. The Company
also issued 5,574 common shares to Stanford and provided a letter stating the value of such shares. A portion of the shares issued to
Stanford were later distributed to five individuals, including our Chief Scientific Officer and co-chairman. 

Beginning upon the first
anniversary of the Stanford Effective Date and each anniversary thereafter, Katexco will pay Stanford an annual license maintenance fee
of 20,000 on the first and second anniversaries and 40,000 on each subsequent anniversary. Furthermore, Katexco is obligated to make
the following payments, including (i) 100,000 upon initiation of Phase 2 trial, (ii) 500,000 upon the first FDA approval of a
product (the Licensed Product resulting from the Stanford Licensed Patents, and (iii) 250,000 upon each new Licensed
Product thereafter. Royalties, calculated at 2.5 of net sales (calculated as gross revenue received by Katexco or its sublicensees,
their distributors or designees, from the sale, transfer or other disposition of products based on the Stanford Licensed Patents minus
5 ), will be payable to Stanford. In addition, Katexco has reimbursed Stanford 51,385 to offset the Stanford Licensed Patent s
patenting expenses and will reimburse Stanford for all Stanford Licensed Patent s patenting expenses, including any interference
and or re-examination matters, incurred by Stanford after March 3, 2018. 

We can terminate the Stanford
License Agreement without cause by providing a 30-day notice. In the case of a change of control, upon the assignment of the Stanford
License Agreement, Katexco is obligated to pay Stanford a 200,000 change of control fee. The Stanford License Agreement also provides
Stanford with the right to purchase for cash up to either (i) 10 or (ii) the percentage necessary for Stanford to maintain its pro rata
ownership interest in Katexco, of Katexco s equity securities issued in a private offering. The shares issued to Stanford in connection
with the Stanford License Agreement, gave Stanford and the five individuals who received a portion of the shares a total ownership of
2.11 in Katexco s stock, prior to the July 2019, corporate restructuring completed between 180 and each of 180 LP, Katexco and
CBR Pharma, pursuant to which 180 LP, Katexco and CBR Pharma became wholly-owned subsidiaries of 180LS (the Reorganization under the Business Corporations Act (British Columbia). 

The Evotec Agreement 

On June 7, 2018, our wholly-owned
subsidiary Katexco entered into the Evotec Agreement with Evotec, a leading CRO, pursuant to which Evotec was retained to perform certain
research services. Pursuant to the Evotec Agreement, the goal of the joint project (the Evotec Project is to identify
small molecules that pharmacologically stimulate the human ChrFam7a receptor and function. The Evotec Project is being conducted in two
phases over a 24-month period where resources are allocated by the steering committee, which is controlled equally by the parties to
the Evotec Agreement, on a quarterly basis. 

Subject to certain exemptions
described in the Evotec Agreement, Katexco owns all intellectual property rights, conceived, invented, discovered or made by Evotec during
the performance of its services, other than intellectual property rights owned or controlled by Evotec relating to its already existing
technology and components to be used in the services to be provided under the Evotec Agreement. 

The Evotec Agreement is subject
to a minimum payment of 4,937,500 and a maximum payment of 5,350,250 to Evotec. This program was paused in mid-2019 and the Company
expects to re-engage with Evotec in 2023. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has made payments to Evotec in the amount of approximately
 1.1 million. 

The Petcanna Agreement 

On August 20, 2018, we entered
into a sublicense agreement with Petcanna Pharma Corp. Petcanna ), a private company which was founded by Prof. Sir Marc
Feldmann (our Co-Executive Chairman), and Yissum (the Petcanna Agreement ). 

Under the Petcanna Agreement,
we granted Petcanna an exclusive, worldwide, non-transferable, non-sublicensable sublicense to make commercial use of certain patents
related to cyclohexenyl compounds and listed in the Petcanna Agreement (the Petcanna IP in order to develop, manufacture,
market, distribute or sell products that incorporate the Petcanna IP in products that are intended for the treatment of veterinary medical
conditions, initially osteoarthritis. 

19 

As consideration for the
sublicense, Petcanna agreed to issue to us approximately 9,000,000 of Petcanna s common shares in the fourth quarter of 2018. As
of the date of this filing, Petcanna has not issued shares to any shareholder and has not commenced operations. We intend to retain 85 
of such shares and transfer 15 of such shares to Yissum. In the event that Yissum does not accept such shares, we will have an obligation
to pay Yissum 15 of the-then current fair market value of such shares. Petcanna will also pay a 1 royalty to us on Petcanna s
net sales of products that incorporate the Petcanna IP. 

All right, title and interest
in and to the Petcanna IP, including any improvements to the Petcanna IP, will vest solely in our company. 

Unless the parties to the
Petcanna Agreement agree otherwise in writing, the Petcanna Agreement will terminate on the occurrence of the later of: (i) the date of
expiration of the last of the Petcanna IP, (ii) the date of the final expiration of exclusivity on any Product granted by any regulatory
or government body, and (iii) the expiration of a continuous period of twenty (20) years during which there was no First Commercial Sale
of any product. The terms Product and First Commercial Sale apply as they are defined in the Petcanna Agreement.
Our ability to grant this sublicense to Petcanna is contingent upon (i) Yissum having the necessary rights to the Hebrew Patent Applications
assigned to it from all applicable parties, (ii) Yissum being able to grant a license to us per the terms of the Hebrew Agreement, and
(iii) the Hebrew Patent Applications and any related resulting patents being valid and maintained in good standing for the respective
terms of the Hebrew Licensing Agreement and the Petcanna Agreement. 

Kennedy License Agreement 

On September 27, 2019, our
wholly-owned subsidiary 180 LP entered into an exclusive license agreement (the Kennedy License Agreement with the Kennedy
Trust For Rheumatology Research Kennedy ), pursuant to which Kennedy granted to 180 LP an exclusive license in the U.S.,
Japan and member countries of the EU (including the United Kingdom), to certain licensed patents (the Kennedy Licensed Patents ),
including the right to grant sublicenses, and the right to research, develop, sell or manufacture any pharmaceutical product (i) whose
research, development, manufacture, use, importation or sale would infringe on the Kennedy Licensed Patents absent the license granted
under the Kennedy License Agreement or (ii) containing an antibody that is a fragment of or derived from an antibody whose research, development,
manufacture, use, importation or sale would infringe on the Kennedy Licensed Patents absent the license granted under the Kennedy License
Agreement, for all human uses, including the diagnosis, prophylaxis and treatment of diseases and conditions. 

Under the Kennedy License
Agreement, Kennedy reserves the perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive, royalty-free, sublicensable, worldwide right for the Kennedy Licensed
Patents and its affiliates, employees, students and other researchers to carry out any acts which would otherwise infringe on the Kennedy
Licensed Patents for the purposes of teaching and carrying out research and development, including the right to accept external sponsorship
for such research and development and the right to grant sub-licenses for the same purposes. 

As consideration for the
grant of the Kennedy Licensed Patents, 180 LP paid Kennedy an upfront fee of 60,000, and will also pay Kennedy royalties equal
to (i) 1 of the net sales for the first annual 1 billion of net sales, and (ii) 2 of the net sales after the net sales are at or in
excess of 1 billion, as well as 25 of all sublicense revenue, provided that the amount of such percentage of sublicense revenue based
on amounts which constitute royalties shall not be less than 1 on the first cumulative 1 billion of net sales of the products sold
by such sublicenses or their affiliates, and 2 on that portion of the cumulative net sales of the products sold by such sublicenses
or their affiliates in excess of 1 billion. 

The term of the royalties
paid to Kennedy will expire on the later of (i) the last valid claim of a patent included in the Kennedy Licensed Patents which covers
or claims the exploitation of a product in the applicable country; (ii) the expiration of regulatory exclusivity for the product in the
country; or (iii) 10 years from first commercial sale of the product in the country. 

We may terminate the Kennedy
License Agreement without cause by providing 90-days notice. 

20 

Kinexum Agreement 

On January 13, 2023, we entered
into a contract with Kinexum in the ordinary course of business (the MSA ). Pursuant to the MSA, Kinexum will provide assistance
to the Company in connection with the Conditional Marketing Authorisation (CMA) and Marketing Approval Application (MAA) which the Company
expects to submit to the MHRA in connection with the Company s planned use of adalimumab to treat progressive early-stage Dupuytren s
disease. Including the costs associated with the Kinexum contract, the Company anticipates that it will spend approximately 900,000 to
 1,000,000, cumulative in the three quarters ending September 30, 2023 for activities associated with the MHRA filing and other regulatory
preparation. 

Consulting Agreements 

The Consulting Agreements
are each described below. 

Prof. Jagdeep Nanchahal Consulting Agreement 

On February 25, 2021, we
(and CannBioRex Pharma Limited, which was added as a party to the agreement later), entered into a Consultancy Agreement dated February
22, 2021, and effective December 1, 2020, with Prof. Jagdeep Nanchahal (as amended, the Consulting Agreement ). Prof.
Nanchahal has been providing services to the Company and/or its subsidiaries since 2014 and is currently a greater than 5 stockholder
of the Company and the Chairman of our Clinical Advisory Board. 

On March 31, 2021, we entered
into a First Amendment to Consultancy Agreement with Prof. Jagdeep Nanchahal, which amended the Consultancy Agreement entered into with
Prof. Nanchahal on February 25, 2021, to include CannBioRex Pharma Limited, a corporation incorporated and registered in England and
Wales CannBioRex ), and an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, as a party thereto, and to update the
prior Consultancy Agreement to provide for cash payments due to Prof. Nanchahal to be paid by CannBioRex, for tax purposes, provide for
CannBioRex to be party to certain other provisions of the agreement and to provide for the timing of certain cash bonuses due under the
terms of the agreement. 

Prof. Nanchahal is a surgeon
scientist focusing on defining the molecular mechanisms of common diseases and translating his findings through to early phase clinical
trials. He undertook his PhD, funded by the U.K. Medical Research Council, whilst a medical student in London and led a lab group funded
by external grants throughout his surgical training. After completing fellowships in microsurgery and hand surgery in the USA and Australia,
he was appointed as a senior lecturer at Imperial College. His research is focused on promoting tissue regeneration by targeting endogenous
stem cells and reducing fibrosis. In 2013 his group identified anti-tumor necrosis factor (TNF) as therapeutic target for Dupuytren s
Contracture, a common fibrotic condition of the hand. He is currently leading a Phase 2b clinical trial funded by the Wellcome Trust
and Department of Health to assess the efficacy of local administration of anti-TNF in patients with early-stage Dupuytren s Contracture
and a clinical trial for patients with early-stage frozen shoulder. He is a proponent of evidence-based medicine and was the only plastic
surgery member of the NICE Guidance Development Groups on complex and non-complex fractures. He was a member of the group that wrote
the Standards for the Management of Open Fractures published in 2020. This is an open-source publication to facilitate the care of patients
with these severe injuries. 

Pursuant to the Consulting
Agreement, Prof. Nanchahal agreed, during the term of the agreement, to serve as a consultant to the Company and provide such services
as the Chief Executive Officer and/or the board of directors of the Company shall request from time to time, including but not be limited
to: (1) conducting clinical trials in the fields of Dupuytren s Contracture, frozen shoulder and post-operative delirium/cognitive
decline; and (2) conducting laboratory research in other fibrotic disorders, including fibrosis of the liver and lung (collectively,
the Services ). 

21 

In consideration for providing
the Services, the Company (through CannBioRex Pharma Limited) agreed to pay Prof. Nanchahal 15,000 British Pounds (GBP) per month
(approximately 20,800) during the term of the agreement, increasing to GBP 23,000 (approximately 32,000) on the date (a) of
publication of the data from the phase 2b clinical trial for Dupuytren s Contracture (RIDD) and (b) the date that the
Company has successfully raised over 15 million in capital. The fee will increase annually thereafter to reflect progression in other
clinical trials and laboratory research as approved by the board of directors. The Company also agreed to pay Prof. Nanchahal a bonus Bonus 1 in the sum of GBP 100,000 upon submission of the Dupuytren s Contracture clinical trial data for publication
in a peer-reviewed journal, which submission occurred in December 2021, and which bonus was paid in December 2021. In addition, for prior
work performed, including completion of the recruitment to the RIDD (Dupuytren s) trial, the Company agreed to pay Prof. Nanchahal
GBP 434,673 (approximately 605,000) Bonus 2 ). At the election of Prof. Nanchahal, Bonus 2 shall be paid at least 50 (fifty
percent) or more, as Prof. Nanchahal elects, in shares of the Company s common stock, at a share price of 60.00 per share, or the
share price on the date of the grant, whichever is lower, with the remainder paid in GBP. Bonus 2 shall be deemed earned and payable upon
the Company raising a minimum of 15 million in additional funding, through the sale of debt or equity, after December 1, 2020 (the Vesting
Date and shall not be accrued, due or payable prior to such Vesting Date. Bonus 2 shall be payable by the Company within
30 calendar days of the Vesting Date. Finally, Prof. Nanchahal shall receive another one-time bonus Bonus 3 of GBP
5,000 (approximately 7,000) on enrollment of the first patient to the phase 2 frozen shoulder trial, and another one-time bonus Bonus 4 of GBP 5,000 (approximately 7,000) for enrollment of the first patient to the phase 2 delirium/POCD
trial. On March 30, 2021, the Company issued Prof. Nanchahal 5,035 shares of Company common stock in lieu of GBP 217,337 and on April
15, 2021, the Company issued Prof. Nanchahal 1,886 shares of Company common stock in lieu of GBP 82,588. The Company also waived the requirement
for the Company having to raise 15 million in order for Prof. Nanchahal to agree to receive an aggregate of GBP 300,000 via the issuance
of shares. Prof. Nanchahal agreed that the remaining GBP 134,673 that is due pursuant to Bonus 2 shall be paid after the Company has raised
a minimum of 15 million in additional funding. On August 23, 2021, at the request of Prof. Nanchahal, the Company agreed to issue
Prof. Nanchahal 3,077 shares of common stock in consideration for the remaining 31 (or 134,749 GBP, or 184,606) of Bonus 2, based on
a 60.00 per share price. The shares were issued under the Company s 2020 Omnibus Incentive Plan, which has been approved by stockholders. 

Effective on April 27, 2022,
we and CannBioRex entered into a Second Amendment to Consulting Agreement with Prof. Jagdeep Nanchahal (the Second Nanchahal
Amendment ). Pursuant to the Second Nanchahal Amendment, Prof. Nanchahal agreed that upon acceptance of the data for the
phase 2b clinical trial for Dupuytren s disease for publication (which occurred March 1, 2022, subject to editing and final approvals),
his monthly fee was increased to 23,000, provided that 4,000 of such increase shall be accrued and 19,000 per month
of such fees shall be payable per the payroll practices of the Company in cash by the Company starting effective March 1, 2022, and until
the earlier of (a) November 1, 2022 or (b) such time as the Board of Directors determines that the Company has sufficient cash on
hand to pay such Accrued Amounts, which the Company expects will not be until it has raised a minimum of 15,000,000 (the Funding
Determination Date ), at which time all accrued amounts shall be due. 

On December 28, 2022, we and
CannBioRex, entered into a Third Amendment to Consultancy Agreement with Prof. Nanchahal (the Third Nanchahal Amendment ).
The Third Nanchahal Amendment amended the Consultancy Agreement to provide that the monthly cash fee payable to Prof. Nanchahal pursuant
to such agreement would remain at its then current rate, 23,000 per month, through December 31, 2022, and then increase to 35,000
per month during the term of the Consultancy Agreement from January 1, 2023, until the end of the term of the Consultancy Agreement (collectively,
the Fee ). The Third Nanchahal Amendment also provided that the Fee will be adjusted yearly with the recommendation of the
Board of Directors or the Compensation Committee of the Company, which will consider in its determination of the amount of such increase,
the U.K. consumer price index and Prof. Nanchahal s contributions to advancing the Company s mission, among other things.
The Third Nanchahal Amendment also provided that in the event the Consultancy Agreement is terminated by the Company for any reason other
than cause, Prof. Nanchahal is entitled to a lump sum payment of 12 months of his monthly fee as at the date of termination. 

Notwithstanding the above,
the board of directors or Compensation Committee of the Company may grant Prof. Nanchahal additional bonuses from time to time in their
discretion, in cash, stock or options. 

22 

The Consulting Agreement
has an initial term of three years, and renews thereafter for additional three-year terms, until terminated as provided in the agreement.
The Consulting Agreement can be terminated by either party with 12 months prior written notice (provided the Company s right to
terminate the agreement may only be exercised if Prof. Nanchahal fails to perform his required duties under the Consulting Agreement),
or by the Company immediately if (a) Prof. Nanchahal fails or neglects efficiently and diligently to perform the Services or is
guilty of any breach of its or his obligations under the agreement (including any consent granted under it); (b) Prof. Nanchahal
is guilty of any fraud or dishonesty or acts in a manner (whether in the performance of the Services or otherwise) which, in the
reasonable opinion of the Company, has brought or is likely to bring Prof. Nanchahal, the Company or any of its affiliates into disrepute
or is convicted of an arrestable offence (other than a road traffic offence for which a non-custodial penalty is imposed); or (c) Prof.
Nanchahal becomes bankrupt or makes any arrangement or composition with his creditors. If the Consulting Agreement is terminated by the
Company for any reason other than cause, Prof. Nanchahal is entitled to a lump sum payment of 12 months of his fee as at the date of
termination. 

The Consulting Agreement
includes a 12 month non-compete and non-solicitation obligation of Prof. Nanchahal, preventing him from competing against the Company
in any part of any country in which he was actively engaged in the Company s business, subject to certain exceptions, including
research conducted at the University of Oxford. The Consulting Agreement also includes customary confidentiality and assignment of inventions
provisions, in each case subject to the Company s previously existing agreements with various universities, including the University
of Oxford, where Prof. Nanchahal serves as a Professor of Hand, Plastic and Reconstructive Surgery. 

Service Agreement with Prof. Sir Marc Feldmann 

On June 1, 2018, CannBioRex
Pharma Limited CannBioRex and Prof. Sir Marc Feldmann Ph.D., our Executive Co-Chairman, entered into a Service Agreement
(the Feldmann Employment Agreement ). Pursuant to the Feldmann Employment Agreement, Prof. Sir Feldmann serves as the Chairman,
CEO and Executive Director of CannBioRex or in such other capacity consistent with his status. Prof. Sir Feldmann s responsibilities
include those customary for the roles in which he serves. Prof. Sir Feldmann receives compensation of 115,000 per year, with annual
compensation reviewed by the Board and eligibility for discretionary bonuses, as determined by the Board. CannBioRex also reimburses Prof.
Sir Feldmann s travelling and other business expenses. 

Pursuant to the Feldmann
Employment Agreement, all intellectual property rights created by Prof. Sir Feldmann or related to his employment belong to and vest
in CannBioRex. 

The Feldmann Employment Agreement
contains a customary non-compete clause prohibiting Prof. Sir Feldmann from working for any competing businesses during the term of his
employment, or holding equity in other businesses, except he may hold or beneficially own securities of publicly-traded companies if
the aggregate beneficial interests of him and his family does not exceed 5 of that class of securities. 

Prof. Sir Feldmann is also
prohibited for 12 months following termination (the Post-Termination Period be involved in any capacity with a competing
business or potential joint venture in the United Kingdom or in any other country. During the Post-Termination Period, he may not solicit
business from CannBioRex and its affiliates customers; or any company with whom he was activity involved in the course of his
employment; or about which he holds confidential information. Prof. Sir Feldmann further covenants to not interfere with CannBioRex s
business relationships by inducing or attempting to induce suppliers to take adverse actions during the Post-Termination Period. He also
agrees not to induce or attempt to induce any CannBioRex employee to leave the company during the Post-Termination Period. The Feldmann
Employment Agreement contains customary non-disclosure and confidentiality obligations, sick leave and vacation time. 

The Feldmann Employment Agreement
does not have a fixed term. Either party may terminate the agreement by delivering written notice 9 months in advance. CannBioRex may
also terminate the Feldmann Employment Agreement at any time with immediate effect by giving written notice. If CannBioRex terminates
Prof. Sir Feldmann s employment without providing 9 months written notice, he will become entitled to a payment equal to his basic
salary he would have been entitled to receive if 9 months notice were given. The governing law for the Feldmann Employment Agreement
is the law of England. 

The Board of Directors, as
recommended by the Compensation Committee of the Company (and/or the Compensation Committee) or separately, may also award Prof. Sir
Feldmann bonuses from time to time (in stock, options, cash, or other forms of consideration) in its discretion. 

23 

On November 17, 2021, the
Board of Directors, as recommended by the Compensation Committee, increased the salary of Prof. Sir Feldmann to 225,000 per annum. 

Effective on April 27, 2022,
CannBioRex and Prof. Sir Feldmann entered into an amendment to the consulting agreement, pursuant to which the parties agreed effective
March 1, 2022, that Sir Feldmann s salary would be reduced by 225,000 (100 ), and that such reduced amounts would be accrued and
paid on the Funding Determination Date. 

Lawrence Steinman, M.D. Consulting Agreement 

On November 17, 2021, and
effective on November 1, 2021, the Company entered into a Consulting Agreement with Lawrence Steinman, M.D., the Company s Executive
Co-Chairman (the Consulting Agreement ). Pursuant to the Consulting Agreement, Dr. Steinman agreed to provide certain consulting
services to the Company, including, but not limited to, participating in defining and setting strategic objectives of the Company; actively
seeking out acquisition and merger candidates; and having primary scientific responsibility for the Company s a 7nAChR platform
(collectively, the Services ). The term of the agreement is for one year (the Initial Term provided that
the agreement automatically extends for additional one year periods after the Initial Term (each an Automatic Renewal Term 
and the Initial Term together with all Automatic Renewal Terms, if any, the Term ), subject to the Renewal Requirements (described
below), in the event that neither party provided the other written notice of their intent not to automatically extend the term of the
agreement at least 30 days prior to the end of the Initial Term or any Automatic Renewal Term. The Term can only be extended for an Automatic
Renewal Term, provided that (i) Dr. Steinman is re-elected to the Board of Directors (the Board at the Annual Meeting of
Stockholders of the Company immediately preceding the date that such Automatic Renewal Term begins; (ii) the Board affirms his appointment
as Co-Chairman for the applicable Automatic Renewal Term (or fails to appoint someone else as Co-Chairman prior to such applicable Automatic
Renewal Term) and (iii) Dr. Steinman is continuing in his role of having the responsibility for the scientific development for the Company s
a 7nAChR platform (the Renewal Requirements ). The Consulting Agreement also expires immediately upon the earlier of:
(i) the date upon which Dr. Steinman no longer serves as Co-Chairman and no longer has primary scientific responsibility for our a 7nAChR
platform; and (ii) any earlier date requested by either (1) the Company (as evidenced by a vote of a majority of the Board (excluding
Dr. Steinman) at a meeting of the Board), or (2) Dr. Steinman (as evidenced by written notice from Dr. Steinman to the Board). Additionally,
the Company may terminate the Consulting Agreement immediately and without prior notice if Dr. Steinman is unable or refuses to perform
the Services, and either party may terminate the Consulting Agreement immediately and without prior notice if the other party is in breach
of any material provision of the Consulting Agreement. 

The Company agreed to pay
Dr. Steinman 225,000 per year during the term of the agreement, along with a one-time payment of 43,750, representing the difference
between his old compensation and new compensation, dating back to April 1, 2021. Pursuant to the Consulting Agreement, Dr. Steinman agreed
to not compete against the Company, unless approved in writing by the Board of Directors, during the term of the agreement, and also
agreed to certain customary confidentiality provisions and assignment of inventions requirements. The Consulting Agreement also has a
12-month non-solicitation prohibition following its termination. 

On December 8, 2021, Dr.
Steinman was also granted stock options to purchase 1,250 shares of the Company s common stock, which have a term of 10 years;
an exercise price equal to the fair market value of the Company s common stock on the date of grant, 79.00 per share, and are
subject to the Company s 2020 Omnibus Incentive Plan. In addition, beginning in calendar year 2022, for each year during the Term
of the Consulting Agreement, the Company will, subject to future approval by the Board, grant Dr. Steinman 125,000 of value of equity
compensation. Future equity grants will vest over a 48-month period and be in accordance with the Plan. Timing of the future grants,
nature of the equity grants (e.g., RSU, PSU, restricted stock, etc.) and any changes in the value of future equity will be recommended
by the Company s Compensation Committee and/or Audit Committee and approved by the Board. 

Effective on April 27, 2022,
the Company and Dr. Steinman entered into an amendment to the consulting agreement, pursuant to which the parties agreed effective March
1, 2022, that Dr. Steinman s salary would be reduced by 56,250 (25 ), and that such reduced amount would be accrued and paid on
the Funding Determination Date. 

24 

Intellectual Property 

Our success depends in significant
part on our ability to protect the proprietary elements of our product candidates, technology and know-how, to operate without infringing
on the proprietary rights of others, and to defend challenges and oppositions from others and prevent others from infringing on our proprietary
rights. We have sought, and will continue to seek, patent protection in the U.S., U.K., Europe and other countries for our proprietary
technologies. Our intellectual property portfolio as of March 31, 2023 includes sixteen patent families with issued and/or pending claims,
pharmaceutical formulations, drug delivery and the therapeutic uses of SCAs, as well as know-how and trade secrets, when including patents
held by our partners of which we have exclusive rights. 

Within the U.S., we and/or
our partners have licensed twelve issued patents and twelve pending patent applications under active prosecution. Outside of the U.S.,
assuming the E.U. as a single jurisdiction, there are an additional twelve issued patents and 23 pending patent applications under active
prosecution. Our policy is to seek patent protection for the technology, inventions and improvements that we consider important to the
development of our business, but only in those cases where we believe that the costs of obtaining patent protection is justified by the
commercial potential of the technology, and typically only in those jurisdictions that we believe present significant commercial opportunities.
We also rely on trademarks, trade secrets, know-how and continuing innovation to develop and maintain our competitive position. 

The term of individual patents
depends upon the countries in which they are obtained. In most countries in which we have filed, the patent term is 20 years from
the earliest date of filing a non-provisional patent application. In the U.S., a patent s term may be lengthened by patent term
adjustment, which compensates a patentee for administrative delays by the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office USPTO ),
in granting a patent, or may be shortened if a patent is terminally disclaimed over another patent. 

The term of a patent that
covers an FDA-approved drug may also be eligible for extension, which permits term restoration as compensation for the term lost during
the FDA regulatory review process. The Drug Price Competition and Patent Term Restoration Act of 1984 (the Hatch-Waxman Act) permits
an extension of up to five years beyond the expiration of the patent. The length of the patent term extension is related to the
length of time the drug is under regulatory review. Extensions cannot extend the remaining term of a patent beyond 14 years from
the date of product approval and only one patent applicable to an approved drug may be extended. Similar provisions to extend the term
of a patent that covers an approved drug are available in Europe and other non-U.S. jurisdictions. 

To protect our rights to
any of our issued patents and proprietary information, we may need to litigate against infringing third parties, avail ourselves of the
courts or participate in hearings to determine the scope and validity of those patents or other proprietary rights. 

We also rely on trade secret
protection for our confidential and proprietary information. Our policy requires our employees, consultants, outside scientific collaborators,
sponsored researchers and other advisors to execute confidentiality agreements upon the commencement of employment or consulting relationships
with us. 

From time to time, in the
normal course of our operations, we will be a party to litigation and other dispute matters and claims relating to intellectual property. 

180LS Research, Development and License
Agreements 

180LS has entered into research
and licensing agreements with various parties, including the Hebrew University of Jerusalem and Oxford. For information regarding
these agreements, see Material Agreements , above. 

25 

Competition 

Below is a description of
the competitive environment of each of our product candidate development platforms and potential product candidates. 

Dupuytren s Contracture 

Our treatment is for early-stage
Dupuytren s Contracture, for which, to our knowledge, there is no approved treatment. Existing treatments focus on late stage Dupuytren s
Contracture, when the fingers are irreversibly curled into the palm. Surgery remains the typical standard treatment, but the relatively
long post-operative rehabilitation has driven the reach for less invasive techniques. Xiaflex, a drug developed by Auxilium, has shown
effective in treating patients with developed contractures although many patients experience relatively mild side effects. An alternative
approach is disruption of the late-stage cords with a needle and data from a comparative clinical trial published in the Journal of Bone
and Joint Surgery (American) in 2018 showed similar recurrence rates between collagenase and percutaneous needle fasciotomy at 2 years.
A clinical trial funded by the National Institute for Health Research Health Technology Assessment Programme (U.K.) is currently underway
in the U.K., comparing the cost efficacy of surgery for Dupuytren s Contracture with collagenase treatment. The aims of the study
are to determine (i) whether collagenase injections are as effective and as safe as surgery for treating this condition and (ii) the
costs of both treatments. 

SCAs 

Following the acquisition
of GW Pharmaceuticals PLC and its Epidiolex (cannabidiol) and Sativex (THC CBD) franchises, by Jazz Pharmaceuticals (Ireland),
 Jazz Pharma has become the prominent player in the cannabidiol space . Epidiolex is an oral cannabidiol solution approved
for treating seizures in a range of childhood epileptic diseases, including Dravet s syndrome (formerly known as severe myoclonic
epilepsy of infancy), Rett Syndrome, and Lennox-Gastaut Syndrome. Jazz Pharma is exploring whether Epidiolex is effective in Sturge-Weber
Syndrome, in which abnormal development of blood vessels leads to defects in the brain, skin, and eyes from birth, and more broadly in
Autism Spectrum Disorder. Clinical trials sponsored by Jazz Pharma testing effectiveness of Epidiolex in autoimmune diseases such as multiple
sclerosis, ulcerative colitis, and Crohn s Disease are ongoing. Collectively, these efforts represent the most extensive cannabidiol
clinical program. 

To our knowledge, multiple
companies are working in the cannabis therapeutic area and are pursuing regulatory approval for their product candidates, including: 

Cardiol Therapeutics (Canada) which is evaluating the effectiveness of their oral CBD liquid formulation on myocardial recovery in patients presenting with acute myocarditis. 

Zynerba Pharmaceuticals (Pennsylvania) which focuses on pharmaceutically produced transdermal cannabinoid therapies for rare and near-rare neuropsychiatric disorders. Zynerba currently is evaluating Zygel TM , a patent-protected transdermal CBD gel for the treatment of Fragile X syndrome, for which it filed an NDA with the FDA, developmental and epileptic encephalopathies, 22q deletion syndrome, and Autism Spectrum Disorder. 

Orcosa, (New Jersey) which is testing their CBD, Oravexx (oral disintegrating tablets), to manage pain and inflammation with the hope of reducing clinical reliance on opioids. The particular indication is pain associated with osteoarthritis in the knee in a Phase 2 trial. 

Stero Biotechs (Israel) which sponsored a phase II trial in GVHD demonstrating that CBD administration (synthetic CBD in olive oil), either enhanced the therapeutic effect of steroids or reduced the steroid dosage while maintaining or improving the steroid s original therapeutic effect. Additional clinical trials are a Phase IIa, multi centered trial in steroid dependent Crohn s disease, a Phase IIa trial in chronic urticaia (Hives), and Phase I/II trial in severe Covid-19. 

a7nAChR 

Antibodies
selective for TNFa (Humira) or TNFa receptor (Remicade) and nucleic acid aptamers are injectable reagents, which by their inherent nature
have clinical limitations. An orally bioavailable inhibitor of TNFa is a natural complementary reagent to the antibody or aptamer strategy.
This is particularly attractive if the mode of action differs between the varying therapeutic reagents. The antibodies and aptamers both
are designed to interfere with TNFa signaling, whereas the orally bioavailable drug is an a7 nicotinic acetyl choline receptor agonist
known to activate the vagus nerve and the brain- immune system interface. 

The
180LS program to develop an orally bioavailable inhibitor of TNFa secretion has significant competition. The most prominent is the collection
of Jak inhibitors (Xeljanz, Cibinqo, Olumiant, Rinvoq and Jyseleca) approved for treatment of rheumatoid arthritis, psoriatic arthritis,
juvenile idiopathic arthritis, axial spondyloarthritis, ulcerative colitis, atopic dermatitis and alopecia areata. The mode of action
is the inhibition of the Jak-Stat pathway principally in cells of the macrophage lineages known to secrete a variety of proinflammatory
cytokines including TNFa. The commercial success of these reagents provides practical support for the importance of developing an orally
bioavailable product. These drugs are not involved in acetylcholine receptor pathway. Attenua Pharma, a small biotechnology that was using
an 7nAChR agonist, bradanicline, in Phase 2 clinical trials for chronic cough was acquired by Coda therapeutics and this
program has been discontinued. 

26 

The
electroceutical companies can be viewed as competition, or a vast proof-of-concept. Because in many respects, the 7nAChR program
can be considered as a chemical stimulation of the vagus nerve, and each of the indications benefiting from electrical stimulation, should
be amenable to chemical stimulation. To our knowledge, the company closest to an approved product for inflammatory indications is SetPoint
Medical Corporation, which has active for inflammatory bowel disease and rheumatoid arthritis. Their device is a miniaturized stimulator
implant, which is surgically placed under general anesthesia on the vagus nerve through a small incision on the left side of the neck.
An unexpected result is that a short electrical pulse leads to an extended period of reduction of inflammatory cytokines, of the order
of 8-10 hours. 

A
final consideration is that each of the large pharmaceutical companies that initially developed 7nAChR agonists could revitalize
their programs and use their drugs in clinical trials for inflammatory indications. 

The electroceutical companies
can be viewed as competition, or a vast proof-of-concept. Because in many respects, the 7nAChR program can be viewed as a chemical
stimulation of the vagus nerve, and each of the indications benefiting from electrical stimulation, should be amenable to chemical stimulation. 

Lastly, each of the large
pharmaceutical companies that initially developed 7nAChR agonists could revitalize their programs and use their drugs in clinical
trials for inflammatory indications. 

Government Regulation 

We have obtained regulatory
approvals from the U.K. Medicines and Healthcare Products Regulatory Agency (MHRA) and the Dutch Centrale Commissie Mensgebonden Onderzoek
(CCMO), as well as from the relevant accredited ethics committees, in order to perform clinical trials in the U.K. and The Netherlands
solely for indications under the anti-TNF platform. Following the successful results of the Phase 2b Dupuytren s Contracture clinical
trial, we are preparing a conditional marketing authorization application to be filed with the MHRA. We have not held any meetings with,
and no applications or requests for approval have been submitted to, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration FDA for any
indications or products under the anti-TNF platform at this time. 

FDA Approval Process 

In the U.S., pharmaceutical
products, including drugs and biologics, are subject to extensive regulation by FDA. Under the U.S. Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic
Act (the FDC Act ), a drug is defined to include articles intended for use in the diagnosis,
cure, mitigation, treatment, or prevention of disease in man or other animals and articles (other than food) intended
to affect the structure or any function of the body of man or other animals. 21 USC 321(g). Like all drugs, biological
products are also used for the treatment, prevention or cure of disease in humans. However, in contrast to chemically synthesized small
molecular weight drugs, which have a well-defined structure and can be thoroughly characterized, biological products are generally derived
from living material, such as human, animal, or microorganism, are complex in structure, and thus are always fully characterized. 
The U.S. Public Health Servicer Act (the PHS Act defines a biological product as a virus, therapeutic serum,
toxin, antitoxin, vaccine, blood, blood component or derivative, allergenic product, or analogous product applicable to the
prevention, treatment, or cure of a disease or condition of human beings. 42 USC 262(i). FDA regulations and policies have
established that biological products include blood-derived products, vaccines, in vivo diagnostic allergenic products, immunoglobulin
products, products containing cells or microorganisms, and most protein products. Biological products subject to the PHS Act also
meet the definition of drugs under the FDC Act. Biological products are a subset of drugs, and therefore both are
regulated under provisions of the FDC Act. However, only biological products are licensed under section 351 of the PHS Act, although
some therapeutic protein products have been approved under section 505 of the FDC Act rather than the PHS Act.) 

The FDC Act, PHS Act, and
other federal and state statutes and regulations, govern, among other things, the research, development, testing, manufacture, storage,
recordkeeping, approval, labeling, promotion and marketing, distribution, post-approval monitoring and reporting, sampling, and import
and export of drugs and biologics. Failure to comply with applicable U.S. requirements may subject a company to a variety of administrative
or judicial sanctions, such as imposition of clinical holds, FDA refusal to approve pending NDAs or the FDA s Biologics License
Application (BLAs) or supplements to approved NDAs/BLAs, withdrawal of approvals, warning letters, product recalls, product seizures,
total or partial suspension of production or distribution, injunctions, fines, civil penalties and criminal prosecution. 

Drug and biologic development
in the U.S. typically involves pre-clinical laboratory and animal tests, the submission to the FDA of an IND, which must become effective
before clinical testing may commence. For commercial approval, the sponsor must submit adequate tests by all methods reasonably applicable
to show that the drug/biologic is safe for use under the conditions prescribed, recommended or suggested in the proposed labeling. The
sponsor must also submit substantial evidence, generally consisting of adequate, well-controlled clinical trials to establish that the
drug/biologic will have the effect it purports or is represented to have under the conditions of use prescribed, recommended or suggested
in the proposed labeling, including meeting FDA standards for safety, and efficacy for drugs or purity and potency for biologics. Satisfaction
of FDA pre-market approval requirements typically takes many years and the actual time required may vary substantially based upon the
type, complexity and novelty of the product candidate or disease. 

27 

Pre-clinical tests include
laboratory evaluation of product candidate chemistry, formulation and toxicity, as well as animal trials to assess the characteristics
and potential safety and efficacy of the product candidate. The conduct of the pre-clinical tests must comply with federal regulations
and requirements, including FDA s Good Laboratory Practice GLP ), Good Clinical Practice GCP ), and
Good Manufacturing Practice regulations GMP regulations and the U.S. Department of Agriculture s regulations implementing
the Animal Welfare Act of 1996. The results of pre-clinical testing are submitted to the FDA as part of an IND along with other information,
including information about product candidate chemistry, manufacturing and controls, and a proposed clinical trial protocol. Long-term
pre-clinical tests, such as animal tests of reproductive toxicity and carcinogenicity, may continue after the IND is submitted. 

A 30-day waiting period after
the submission of each IND is required prior to the commencement of clinical testing in humans. If the FDA has not imposed a clinical
hold on the IND or otherwise commented or questioned the IND within this 30-day period, the IND is deemed issued, and the clinical trial
proposed in the IND may begin. 

Clinical trials involve the
administration of the investigational new drug/biologic to healthy volunteers or patients under the supervision of a qualified investigator.
Clinical trials must be conducted: (i) in compliance with GCP, an international standard and U.S. legal requirement meant to protect
the rights and health of patients and to define the roles of clinical trial sponsors, administrators and monitors, (ii) in compliance
with other federal regulations, and (iii) under protocols detailing the objectives of the trial, the parameters to be used in monitoring
safety and the effectiveness criteria to be evaluated. Each protocol involving testing on U.S. patients and subsequent protocol amendments
must be submitted to the FDA as part of the IND. 

The FDA may order the temporary,
or permanent, discontinuation of a clinical trial at any time or impose other sanctions if it believes that the clinical trial either
is not being conducted in accordance with FDA requirements or presents an unacceptable risk to the clinical trial patients. The trial
protocol and informed consent information for patients in clinical trials must also be submitted to an Institutional Review Board IRB ),
for approval. An IRB may also prevent a clinical trial from beginning or require the clinical trial at the site to be halted, either
temporarily or permanently, for failure to comply with the IRB s requirements or may impose other conditions. 

Clinical trials to support
NDAs/BLAs for marketing approval are typically conducted in three sequential phases, but the phases may overlap or otherwise vary in
particular circumstances. In Phase 1, the initial introduction of the drug/biologic into healthy human subjects or patients, the drug/biologic
is tested to assess metabolism, pharmacokinetics, pharmacological actions, side effects associated with increasing doses and, if possible,
early evidence on effectiveness. Phase 2 usually involves trials in a limited patient population to determine the effectiveness of the
drug/biologic for a particular indication, dosage tolerance and optimum dosage, and to identify common adverse effects and safety risks.
If a compound demonstrates evidence of effectiveness and an acceptable safety profile in Phase 2 evaluations, Phase 3 trials are
undertaken to obtain the additional information about clinical efficacy and safety in a larger number of patients, typically at geographically
dispersed clinical trial sites, to permit the FDA to evaluate the overall benefit-risk relationship of the drug/biologic and to provide
adequate information for the labeling of the drug/biologic. In most cases, the FDA requires two adequate and well-controlled Phase 3
clinical trials to demonstrate the efficacy of the drug/biologic. The FDA may, however, determine that a single Phase 3 trial with other
confirmatory evidence may be sufficient in some instances. In some cases, the FDA may require post-market studies, known as Phase 4 studies,
to be conducted as a condition of approval in order to gather additional information on the drug s/biologic s effect in various
populations and any side effects associated with long-term use. Depending on the risks posed by the drugs/biologics, other post-market
requirements may be imposed. 

In response to specific requirements
set forth in the 21st Century Cures Act to address the need for greater patient participation in drug development and evaluation, the
FDA has issued its Plan for Issuances of Focused Drug Development Guidance, pursuant to which the FDA will issue a series of guidances
intended to address, in a stepwise manner, how stakeholders can collect and submit patient experience data and other relevant information
from patients and caregivers for medical product development and regulatory decision making. The guidances are expected to facilitate
the advancement and use of systematic approaches to collect and use robust and meaningful patient and caregiver input that can better
inform medical product development and regulatory decision making. To date, the FDA has issued three of the planned four guidances on
these issues. We expect the issue of patient-centric drug development and evaluation to increase in priority and be more of a factor
in clinical trial design, moving forward. 

28 

After completion of the required
clinical testing, a New Drug Application NDA )/BLA is prepared and submitted to the FDA. The FDA approval of the NDA/BLA
is required before marketing of the product candidate may begin in the U.S. The NDA/BLA must include the results of all pre-clinical,
clinical, and other testing and a compilation of data relating to the product candidate s pharmacology, chemistry, manufacture,
and controls. The cost of preparing and submitting an NDA/BLA is substantial. Under federal law, the submission of most NDAs/BLAs is
also subject to an application user fee, which, for the fiscal year 2023, is in the amount of approximately 3.2 million (where clinical
data is required). 

The FDA has 60 days
from its receipt of an NDA/BLA to determine whether the application will be accepted for filing based on the agency s threshold
determination that it is sufficiently complete to permit substantive review. Once the submission is accepted for filing, the FDA begins
an in-depth review. Under the Prescription Drug User Fee Act, the FDA has agreed to certain performance goals in the review of NDAs/BLAs.
The FDA s current performance goals call for the FDA to complete review of 90 percent of standard (non-priority) NDAs/BLAs within
10 months of receipt and within six months for priority NDAs/BLAs, but two additional months are added to standard and priority NDAs/BLAs
for a new molecular entity/reference biologic. A drug/biologic is eligible for priority review if it addresses an unmet medical need
in a serious or life-threatening disease or condition. The review process for both standard and priority review may be extended by FDA
for three additional months to consider certain late-submitted information, or information intended to clarify information already provided
in the submission. These timelines are not legally binding on the FDA. 

The FDA may also refer applications
for novel drug/biologic products, or drug/biologic products that present difficult questions of safety or efficacy, to an advisory committee,
which is typically a panel that includes clinicians and other experts, for review, evaluation and a recommendation as to whether the
application should be approved. The FDA is not bound by the recommendation of an advisory committee, but it generally follows such recommendations.
Before approving an NDA/BLA, the FDA will typically inspect one or more clinical sites to assure compliance with GCP. 

Additionally, the FDA will
inspect the facility or the facilities at which the drug is manufactured. The FDA will not approve the product candidate unless compliance
with GMPs, is satisfactory and the NDA/BLA contains data that provide substantial evidence that the drug is safe and effective, or the
biologic meets the standards for safety, purity, and potency in the indication studied. 

After the FDA evaluates the
NDA/BLA and the manufacturing facilities, the FDA issues either an approval letter or a complete response letter. A complete response
letter generally outlines the deficiencies in the submission and may require substantial additional testing, or information, in order
for the FDA to reconsider the application. If, or when, those deficiencies have been addressed to the FDA s satisfaction in a resubmission
of the NDA/BLA, the FDA will issue an approval letter. The FDA has committed to reviewing 90 percent of resubmissions within two or six
months depending on the type of information included. Notwithstanding the submission of any requested additional information, the FDA
ultimately may decide that the application does not satisfy the regulatory criteria for approval. 

An approval letter authorizes
commercial marketing of the drug/biologic with specific prescribing information for specific indications. As a condition of NDA/BLA approval,
the FDA may require a Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy REMS ), to help
ensure that the benefits of the drug/biologic outweigh the potential risks. REMS can include medication guides, communication plans for
health care professionals, and Elements to Assure Safe Use (ETASU). ETASU can include, but is not limited to, special training or certification
for prescribing or dispensing, dispensing only under certain circumstances, special monitoring, and the use of patient registries. The
requirement for a REMS can materially affect the potential market and profitability of the drug/biologic. Moreover, product candidate
approval may require substantial post approval testing and surveillance to monitor the drug s/biologic s safety or efficacy.
Once granted, product candidate approvals may be withdrawn if compliance with regulatory standards is not maintained or problems are
identified following initial marketing. 

29 

During the declaration of
the COVID public health emergency FDA has been exercising enforcement discretion with respect to certain classes of products and has
provided for the issuance of Emergency Use Authorizations (EUAs) which have enabled a number of products to enter the market without
formal conventional FDA clearance or approval, and has also drawn FDA resources away from non-COVID related products. The U.S government
has since declared the termination of the public health emergency effective May 11, 2023, and thus products authorized by EUAs or afforded
enforcement discretion based on the COVID emergency will likely return to conventional clearance and approval requirements. 

Disclosure of Clinical Trial Information 

Sponsors of clinical trials
of certain FDA-regulated products, including prescription drugs/biologics, are required to register and disclose certain clinical trial
information on a public website maintained by the U.S. National Institutes of Health. Information related to the product candidate, patient
population, phase of investigation, study sites and investigator, and other aspects of the clinical trial is made public as part of the
registration. Sponsors are also obligated to disclose the results of these trials after completion. The deadline for submitting the results
of these trials can be extended for up to two years if the sponsor certifies that it is seeking approval of an unapproved product or
that it will file an application for approval of a new indication for an approved product within one year. Competitors may use the publicly
available information to gain knowledge regarding the design and progress of our development programs. 

Fast Track Designation and Accelerated Approval 

If our drug/biologic candidate
meets the requirements of the FDA s fast track program, we would seek to have our drug/biologic candidate expedited through this
program. The FDA has programs to facilitate the development, and expedite the review, of drugs/biologics that are intended for the treatment
of a serious or life-threatening disease or condition for which there is no effective treatment and which demonstrate the potential to
address unmet medical needs for the condition. Under the fast-track program, the sponsor of a new drug/biologic candidate may request
that the FDA designate the drug/biologic candidate for a specific indication as a fast track drug/biologic concurrent with, or after,
the filing of the IND for the drug/biologic candidate. The FDA must determine if the drug/biologic candidate qualifies for fast track
designation within 60 days of receipt of the sponsor s request. In addition to other benefits such as the ability to engage
in more frequent interactions with the FDA, the FDA may initiate review of sections of a fast track drug s/biologic s NDA/BLA
before the application is complete. This rolling review is available if the applicant provides, and the FDA approves, a schedule for
the submission of the remaining information and the applicant pays applicable user fees. However, the FDA s time period goal for
reviewing an application does not begin until the last section of the NDA/BLA is submitted. Additionally, the fast track designation
may be withdrawn by the FDA if it believes that the designation is no longer supported by data emerging in the clinical trial process. 

Under the FDA s accelerated
approval regulations, the FDA may approve a drug/biologic for a serious or life-threatening illness that provides meaningful therapeutic
benefit to patients over existing treatments based upon a surrogate endpoint that is reasonably likely to predict clinical benefit, or
on a clinical endpoint that can be measured earlier than irreversible morbidity or mortality, that is reasonably likely to predict an
effect on irreversible morbidity or mortality or other clinical benefit, taking into account the severity, rarity or prevalence of the
condition and the availability or lack of alternative treatments. 

In clinical trials, a surrogate
endpoint is a measurement of laboratory or clinical signs of a disease or condition that substitutes for a direct measurement of how
a patient feels, functions or survives. Surrogate endpoints can often be measured more easily or more rapidly than clinical endpoints.
A drug/biologic candidate approved on this basis is subject to rigorous post-marketing compliance requirements, including the completion
of Phase 4 or post- approval clinical trials to confirm clinical benefit. Failure to conduct required post-approval studies, or confirm
a clinical benefit during post-marketing studies, will allow the FDA to withdraw the drug/biologic from the market on an expedited basis.
Unless otherwise informed by the FDA, for an accelerated approval product/biologic, an applicant must submit to the FDA for consideration
during the preapproval review period copies of all promotional materials, including promotional labeling as well as advertisements, intended
for dissemination or publication within 120 days following marketing approval. After 120 days following marketing approval,
unless otherwise informed by the FDA, the applicant must submit promotional materials at least 30 days prior to the intended time
of initial dissemination of the labeling or initial publication of the advertisement. 

30 

Breakthrough Therapy Designation 

As with the FDA s fast
track program, if our drug/biologic candidate meets the requirements to receive the FDA s Breakthrough Therapy designation, we
would seek to have our drug/biologic candidate expedited through this program. The FDA s Breakthrough Therapy designation program
is intended to expedite the development and review of products that treat serious or life-threatening diseases or conditions. A Breakthrough
Therapy is defined, under the Food and Drug Administration Safety and Innovation Act, as a drug/biologic that is intended, alone or in
combination with one or more other drugs/biologics, to treat a serious or life-threatening disease or condition, and preliminary clinical
evidence indicates that the drug/biologic may demonstrate substantial improvement over existing therapies on one or more clinically significant
endpoints, such as substantial treatment effects observed early in clinical development. The designation includes all of the features
of fast-track designation, as well as more intensive FDA interaction and guidance. The Breakthrough Therapy designation is a distinct
status from both accelerated approval and priority review, but these can also be granted to the same product candidate if the relevant
criteria are met. The FDA must take certain actions, such as holding timely meetings and providing advice, intended to expedite the development
and review of an application for approval of a breakthrough therapy. All requests for breakthrough therapy designation will be reviewed
within 60 days of receipt, and the FDA will either grant or deny the request. 

In addition, the 21st Century
Cures Act created the Regenerative Medicine Advanced Therapy (RMAT) designation. RMAT applies to regenerative medicines as a class. Sponsors
of certain cell therapies, therapeutic tissue engineering products, human cell and tissue products, and certain combination products
may obtain the RMAT designation for their drug product if the drug is intended to treat serious or life-threatening diseases or conditions
and if there is preliminary clinical evidence indicating that the drug has the potential to address unmet medical needs for that disease
or condition. Sponsors may make such a request with or after submission of an investigational new drug application. 

Sponsors of RMAT-designated
products are eligible for increased and earlier interactions with the FDA, similar to those interactions available to sponsors of breakthrough-designated
therapies. In addition, they may be eligible for priority review and accelerated approval. The meetings with sponsors of RMAT-designated
products may include discussions of whether accelerated approval would be appropriate based on surrogate or intermediate endpoints reasonably
likely to predict long-term clinical benefit, or reliance upon data obtained from a meaningful number of sites. 

Once approved, when appropriate,
the FDA can permit fulfillment of post-approval requirements under accelerated approval through the submission of clinical evidence,
clinical studies, patient registries, or other sources of real-world evidence such as electronic health records; through the collection
of larger confirmatory datasets; or through post-approval monitoring of all patients treated with the therapy prior to approval. 

Fast track designation, accelerated
approval, priority review, and Breakthrough Therapy designation do not change the standards for approval but may expedite the development
or approval process. Even if the FDA grants one of these designations, the FDA may later decide that the drug/biologic products no longer
meet the conditions for qualification. 

Orange Book Listing and Patent Certification 

Based on amendments to the
FDC Act made by the Drug Price Competition and Innovation Act of 1984 (commonly known as Hatch-Waxman), in seeking approval for a drug
through an NDA, applicants are required to list with the FDA each patent whose claims cover the applicant s product candidate or
a claimed method of use of the product candidate. Upon approval of a drug, each of the eligible patents listed in the application for
the drug is then published in the FDA s Approved Drug Products with Therapeutic Equivalence Evaluations, commonly known as the
Orange Book. Drugs listed in the Orange Book must, in turn, be the subject of a special certification by the filer of an abbreviated
new drug application ANDA ), for a generic version of the drug, or by the applicant
of a hybrid application known as a 505(b)(2) application. An ANDA provides for marketing of a drug product candidate that has the same
active ingredient(s) in the same strengths and dosage form as the reference listed innovator drug and has been shown to be bioequivalent
to the reference listed drug. Other than the requirement for bioequivalence testing (absent a waiver), ANDA applicants are not required
to conduct, or submit results of, pre-clinical or clinical tests to prove the safety or effectiveness of their drug product candidate.
Drugs approved in this way are commonly referred to as generic equivalents to
the listed drug, are considered therapeutically equivalent to the listed drug, and can often be substituted by pharmacists under prescriptions
written for the original listed drug. 

31 

The ANDA applicant is required
to certify to the FDA concerning any patents listed for the approved product candidate in the FDA s Orange Book. Specifically,
the applicant must certify that: (i) the required patent information has not been filed; (ii) the listed patent has expired; (iii) the
listed patent has not expired, but will expire on a particular date and approval is sought after patent expiration; or (iv) the listed
patent is invalid or will not be infringed by the new product candidate. The ANDA applicant may also elect to submit a section
viii statement , certifying that its proposed ANDA labeling does not contain (or carves out) any language regarding the patented
method-of- use, rather than certify to a listed method-of-use patent. 

If the applicant does not
challenge the listed patents, the ANDA application will not be approved until all the listed patents claiming the referenced product
have expired. 

A certification that the
new product candidate will not infringe the already approved product candidate s listed patents, or that such patents are invalid
or unenforceable, is called a Paragraph IV certification. If the ANDA applicant has provided a Paragraph IV certification to the FDA,
the applicant must also send notice of the Paragraph IV certification to the NDA and patent holders once the ANDA has been accepted
for filing by the FDA. The NDA and patent holders may then initiate a patent infringement lawsuit in response to the notice of the Paragraph
IV certification. The filing of a patent infringement lawsuit within 45 days of the receipt of notice of a Paragraph IV certification
automatically prevents the FDA from approving the ANDA until the earlier of 30 months, expiration of the patent, settlement of the
lawsuit, a decision in the infringement case that is favorable to the ANDA applicant, or some other order of the court. 

Sponsors may also seek to
market versions of drug products via a section 505(b)(2) application, which is an NDA pathway that allows an applicant to seek approval
for a drug product based on full safety and efficacy documentation, some of which may be from literature or conducted by others and for
which the applicant does not have the right of reference. NDA Section 505(b)(2) applications may be submitted for drug products that
represent a modification, such as a new indication or new dosage form, of a previously approved drug. Section 505(b)(2) applications
may rely on the FDA s previous findings for the safety and effectiveness of the previously approved drug in addition to information
obtained by the 505(b)(2) applicant to support the modification of the previously approved drug. Preparing Section 505(b)(2) applications
may be less costly and time-consuming than preparing an NDA based entirely on new data and information. Section 505(b)(2) applications
are subject to the same patent certification procedures as an ANDA. 

New Chemical Entity Exclusivity and Clinical
Investigation Exclusivity 

Upon NDA approval of a new
chemical entity NCE ), which is a drug that contains no active moiety that has been approved by the FDA in any other
NDA, that drug receives five years of marketing exclusivity during which time the FDA cannot receive any ANDA or 505(b)(2) application
seeking approval of a drug that references a version of the NCE drug. Certain changes to a drug, such as the addition of a new indication
to the package insert with new clinical studies required for approval, are associated with a three-year period of exclusivity during
which the FDA cannot approve an ANDA or 505(b)(2) application that includes the change. 

An ANDA or 505(b)(2) application
may be submitted one year before NCE exclusivity expires if a Paragraph IV certification is filed. If there is no listed patent
in the Orange Book, there may not be a Paragraph IV certification and thus no ANDA or 505(b)(2) may be filed before the expiration
of the exclusivity period. 

For a botanical drug, FDA
may determine that the active moiety is one or more of the principle components or the complex mixture as a whole. This determination
would affect the utility of any five-year exclusivity as well as the ability of any potential generic competitor to demonstrate that
it is the same drug as the original botanical drug. 

32 

Five-year and three-year
exclusivities do not preclude FDA approval of a 505(b)(1) application for a version of the drug during the period of exclusivity, provided
that the 505(b)(1) conducts or obtains a right of reference to all of the pre-clinical studies and adequate and well controlled clinical
trials necessary to demonstrate safety and effectiveness. 

Orphan Designation and Exclusivity 

The FDA may grant orphan
drug designation to drugs intended to treat a rare disease or condition that affects fewer than 200,000 individuals in the U.S., or if
it affects more than 200,000 individuals in the U.S. and there is no reasonable expectation that the cost of developing and making the
drug for this type of disease or condition will be recovered from sales in the U.S. 

Orphan drug designation entitles
a party to financial incentives such as opportunities for grant funding towards clinical study costs, tax advantages, and user-fee waivers.
Orphan drug designation does not convey any advantage in, or shorten the duration of, the regulatory review and approval process. In
addition, the first NDA or BLA applicant to receive orphan drug designation for a particular drug is entitled to orphan drug exclusivity,
which means the FDA may not approve any other application to market the same drug for the same indication for a period of seven years
in the U.S., except in limited circumstances. Orphan drug exclusivity does not prevent the FDA from approving a different drug for the
same disease or condition, or the same drug for a different disease or condition. 

Pediatric Studies and Exclusivity 

NDAs and BLAs must contain
data to assess the safety and effectiveness of an investigational new drug product for the claimed indications in all relevant pediatric
populations in order to support dosing and administration for each pediatric subpopulation for which the drug is safe and effective.
The FDA may, on its own initiative or at the request of the applicant, grant deferrals for submission of some or all pediatric data until
after approval of the product for use in adults or full or partial waivers if certain criteria are met. Discussions about pediatric development
plans can be discussed with the FDA at any time, but usually occur any time between the end-of-Phase 2 meeting and submission of the
NDA or BLA. Unless otherwise required by regulation, the requirements for pediatric data do not apply to any drug for an indication for
which orphan designation has been granted. 

Pediatric exclusivity is
another type of non-patent exclusivity in the U.S. that may be granted if certain FDA requirements are met, such as the FDA s determination
that information relating to the use of a new drug in the pediatric population may produce health benefits, and the applicant agrees
to perform and report on FDA-requested studies within a certain time frame. Pediatric exclusivity adds a period of six months of exclusivity
to the end of all existing marketing exclusivity and patents held by the sponsor for that active moiety. This is not a patent term extension,
but it effectively extends the regulatory period during which the FDA cannot accept or approve another application relying on the NDA
or BLA sponsor s data. 

Biologics Exclusivity and Biosimilars 

The Patient Protection and
Affordable Care Act of 2010, or Affordable Care Act, includes a subtitle called the Biologics Price Competition and Innovation Act of
2009, or BPCI Act, which amended the PHS Act to create an abbreviated approval pathway under section 351(k) of the PHS Act for biological
products shown to be similar to, or interchangeable with, an FDA-licensed reference biological product originally licensed under section
351(a) of the PHS Act. 

A reference biologic is granted
twelve years of marketing exclusivity from the time of first licensure of the reference product, during which time a 351(k) application
for a biosimilar of the reference product may not be approved. The reference biologic is also granted four years of so-called data exclusivity,
during which time a 351(k) application for a biosimilar of the reference product may not be submitted for review. The first biologic
product submitted under the abbreviated approval pathway that is determined to be interchangeable with the reference product has exclusivity
against other biologics submitting under the abbreviated approval pathway for the lesser of (i) one year after the first commercial marketing,
(ii) eighteen months after approval if there is no legal challenge, (iii) eighteen months after the resolution in the applicant s
favor of a lawsuit challenging the biologics patents if an application has been submitted, or (iv) 42 months after the application
has been approved if a lawsuit is ongoing within the 42-month period. 

33 

Biologic Patent Information 

In contrast to small molecule
drugs, for which applicants are required to submit patent information with their NDAs and certain supplements, an applicant seeking licensure
of a biological product need not submit patent information in its BLA or supplements. Also, unlike small molecule drugs, for
which the approvability of ANDAs and 505(b)(2) NDAs is impacted by the status of listed patents for the reference NDA drug product, the
approvability of section 351(k) applications for biosimilar products is presently delinked from the various processes for resolving patent
disputes. Biosimilar applicants have a choice whether to engage in the patent litigation provisions of the Biologics Price Competition
and Innovation Act (BPCIA), colloquially known as the patent dance, to identify and litigate a defined list of patents.
However, unlike the listing of small molecule reference listed drugs and patents in the Orange Book, there had not been
a process for listing patents in the FDA s List of Licensed Biological Products, commonly known as the Purple Book. 
However, in December 2020 Congress enacted the Biological Product Patent Transparency Act BPPT (originally introduced
as the Purple Book Continuity Act created section 351(k)(9) of the PHS Act. That section requires that a biological product reference
sponsor that provides a biosimilar applicant with a patent list as part of the Patent Dance BPCIA patent litigation process
must now submit those lists to the FDA within 30 days, and further, as of June 2021 the FDA is required to make those lists (along with
any revisions or updates) public in the Purple Book database. 

Patent Term Extension 

After NDA or BLA approval,
owners of relevant drug or biologic patents may apply for up to a five-year patent extension. The allowable patent term extension is
calculated as half of the product s testing phase the time between IND submission and NDA or BLA submission and
all of the review phase the time between NDA submission and approval up to a maximum of five years. The time can be shortened
if the FDA determines that the applicant did not pursue approval with due diligence. The total patent term after the extension may not
exceed 14 years. 

For patents that might expire
during the application phase, the patent owner may request an interim patent extension. An interim patent extension increases the patent
term by one year and may be renewed up to four times. For each interim patent extension granted, the post-approval patent extension is
reduced by one year. The director of the United States Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO) must determine that approval of the product
covered by the patent for which a patent extension is being sought is likely. Interim patent extensions are not available for a drug
for which an NDA or BLA has not been submitted. 

Advertising and Promotion 

Once an NDA or BLA is approved,
a product candidate will be subject to certain post-approval requirements. For instance, FDA closely regulates the post-approval marketing
and promotion of drugs and biologics, including standards and regulations for direct-to-consumer advertising, off-label promotion, industry-sponsored
scientific and educational activities and promotional activities involving the internet. 

Drugs and biologics may be
marketed only for the approved indications and in accordance with the provisions of the approved labeling. 

Post-Approval Changes 

Changes to some of the conditions
established in an approved application, including changes in indications, labeling, or manufacturing processes or facilities, require
submission and FDA approval of a new NDA/BLA or NDA/BLA supplement before the change can be implemented. An NDA supplement for a new
indication typically requires clinical data similar to that in the original application, and the FDA uses the same procedures and actions
in reviewing NDA supplements as it does in reviewing NDAs. 

34 

Adverse Event Reporting and GMP Compliance 

Adverse event reporting on
an expedited basis and submission of periodic adverse event reports is required following FDA approval of an NDA or BLA. The FDA also
may require post-marketing testing, known as Phase 4 testing, REMS and surveillance to monitor the effects of an approved product, or
the FDA may place conditions on an approval that could restrict the distribution or use of the product. In addition, quality-control,
drug manufacture, packaging, and labeling procedures must continue to conform GMPs after approval. Drug manufacturers and certain of
their subcontractors are required to register their establishments with FDA and certain state agencies. Registration with the FDA subjects
entities to periodic unannounced inspections by the FDA, during which the agency inspects manufacturing facilities to assess compliance
with GMPs. Accordingly, manufacturers must continue to expend time, money and effort in the areas of production and quality control to
maintain compliance with GMPs. Regulatory authorities may withdraw product approvals, issue warning letters, request product recalls
or take other enforcement actions if a company fails to comply with regulatory standards, if it encounters problems following initial
marketing or if previously unrecognized problems are subsequently discovered. 

Special Protocol Assessment 

A sponsor may reach an agreement
with the FDA under the Special Protocol Assessment SPA ), process as to the required design and size of clinical
trials intended to form the primary basis of an efficacy claim. According to its performance goals, the FDA has committed to evaluating
90 percent of the protocols within 45 days of its receipt of the requests to assess whether the proposed trial is adequate, and
that evaluation may result in discussions and a request for additional information. An SPA request must be made before the proposed trial
begins, and all open issues must be resolved before the trial begins. If a written agreement is reached, it will be documented and made
part of the administrative record. Under the FDC Act and FDA guidance implementing the statutory requirement, an SPA is generally binding
upon the FDA as to the design of the trial except in limited circumstances, such as if the FDA identifies a substantial scientific issue
essential to determining safety or efficacy after the study begins, public health concerns emerge that were unrecognized at the time
of the protocol assessment, the sponsor and FDA agree to the change in writing, or if the study sponsor fails to follow the protocol
that was agreed upon with the FDA. 

Controlled Substances 

The Controlled Substances
Import and Export Act, as amended CSA and the implementing regulations impose registration, security, recordkeeping
and reporting, storage, manufacturing, distribution, dispensing, importation and other requirements on controlled substances under the
oversight of the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration DEA ). The DEA is the federal agency, responsible for regulating
controlled substances, and requires those individuals or entities that manufacture, import, export, distribute, research, or dispense
controlled substances to comply with the regulatory requirements in order to prevent the diversion and abuse of controlled substances. 

The DEA regulates controlled
substances as Schedule I, II, III, IV or V substances, depending on the substance s medical effectiveness and abuse potential.
Pharmaceutical products having a currently accepted medical use that are otherwise approved for marketing may be listed as Schedule II,
III, IV or V substances, with Schedule II substances presenting the highest potential for abuse and physical or psychological dependence,
and Schedule V substances presenting the lowest relative potential for abuse and dependence. The DEA has placed certain drug products
that include cannabidiol, on Schedule V. 

Following NDA approval of
a drug containing a Schedule I controlled substance, that substance must be rescheduled as a Schedule II, III, IV or V substance before
it can be marketed. The Improving Regulatory Transparency for New Medical Therapies Act enacted on November 25, 2015 and its implementing
regulations has removed uncertainty associated with the timing of the DEA rescheduling process after NDA approval, under which a manufacturer
may market its product no later than 90 days after the later of: (1) the date on which DEA receives from FDA the scientific and
medical evaluation and scheduling recommendation; or (2) the date on which DEA receives from FDA notification that FDA has approved the
drug. The Act also clarifies that the seven-year orphan exclusivity period begins with the approval of the NDA or DEA scheduling, whichever
is later. This changes the previous situation whereby the orphan clock began to tick upon FDA s NDA approval,
even though the product could not be marketed until DEA scheduling was complete. 

35 

The CSA requires that facilities
that manufacture, distribute, dispense, import or export any controlled substance must register annually with the DEA. Separate registrations
are required for importation and manufacturing activities, and each registration authorizes the specific schedules of controlled substances
the registrant may handle. Prior to issuance of a controlled substance registration, the DEA inspects all manufacturing facilities to
review security, recordkeeping, reporting and handling of the controlled substances. The specific security requirements vary by, among
other things, the type of business activity conducted, and the type, form, and quantity of controlled substances handled. 

In addition, individual states
have their own distinct controlled substance laws and regulations, including licensure, distribution, dispensing, recordkeeping and reporting
requirements for controlled substances. State boards of pharmacy or similar authorities regulate use of controlled substances in each
state. Failure to comply with applicable requirements, such as the loss or diversion of controlled substances, can result in administrative
fines, suspension or revocation of licenses, and civil and criminal liabilities. 

U.K./Europe/Rest of World Government Regulation 

In addition to regulations
in the U.S., we are and will be subject, either directly or through our distribution partners, to a variety of regulations in other jurisdictions
governing, among other things, clinical trials and any commercial sales (including pricing and reimbursement) and distribution of our
products, if approved. 

Whether or not we obtain
FDA approval for a product, we must obtain the requisite approvals from regulatory authorities in non-U.S. countries prior to the commencement
of clinical trials or marketing of the product in those countries. 

In the EU, medicinal products
are subject to extensive pre- and post-marketing regulation by regulatory authorities at both the EU and national levels. Additional
rules also apply at the national level to the manufacture, import, export, storage, distribution and sale of controlled substances. In
many EU member states the regulatory authority responsible for medicinal products is also responsible for controlled substances. Responsibility
is, however, split in some member states. Generally, any company manufacturing or distributing a medicinal product containing a controlled
substance in the EU will need to hold a controlled substances license from the competent national authority and will be subject to specific
record-keeping and security obligations. Separate import or export certificates are required for each shipment into or out of the member
state. 

In the U.K., medicinal products
are subject to extensive regulation by the Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency MHRA ), which is
an executive agency, sponsored by the Department of Health and Social Care. MHRA regulates by ensuring that medicines, medical devices
and blood components for transfusion meet applicable standards of safety, quality and efficacy, in addition to supporting innovation
and research and development that is beneficial to public health. 

Clinical Trials and Marketing Approval 

Certain countries outside
of the U.S. have a process that requires the submission of a clinical trial application much like an IND prior to the commencement of
human clinical trials. In the EU/EEA, for example, a clinical trial application (a CTA ), must be submitted via a single-entry
portal for all clinical trials conducted in the EU/EEA (the CTIS ). Once the CTA is approved in accordance with a country s
requirements and a company has received favorable ethics committee approval, clinical trial development may proceed in that country. 

In April 2014, the Clinical
Trials Regulation, Reg. (EU) No 536/2014 (the New Regulation was adopted to replace the Clinical Trials Directive 2001/20/EC
(the Prior Directive ). To ensure that the rules for clinical trials are identical throughout the EU/EEA, new EU clinical
trials legislation was passed as a regulation that is directly applicable to EU/EEA member states. The New Regulation requires
the sponsor to submit a single CTA is planned for all EU/EEA member states, which will be submitted via the CTIS, an online portal to
streamline the authorization process. The CTIS authorization procedure is composed of two parts: member states jointly cooperate in a
Part I assessment, while Part II is assessed by each member state individually. This is a significant change, as under the Prior Directive
sponsors had to seek separate approval from national authorities in each country where the trial was to be conducted. The New Regulation
became applicable on January 31, 2022 repealing the Prior Directive as of the same day and introduced a one-year transition
period (until January 31, 2023) during which sponsors could choose whether to submit new CTAs under either the old regime governed by
the Prior Directive or the new CTIS. Following the transition period, from January 31, 2023, sponsors must apply for clinical trials
under the New Regulation, and by January 31, 2025, all ongoing clinical trials approved under the Prior Directive will need to be transitioned
to the New Regulation. 

36 

In the U.K., the Prior Directive
(implemented by Medicines for Human Use (Clinical Trials) Regulations 2004/1031) still applies. On January 31, 2020 the U.K. left the
EU and the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the EUWA came into force. Section 1 of the EUWA repealed the European
Communities Act 1972 (ECA 1972), which had previously enabled EU law to apply to the U.K. However, Section 1A of the EUWA immediately
saved much of the effect of ECA 1972 (in modified form) for the duration of the transition period, and Section 1B saved U.K. legislation
that implemented EU requirements. The practical effect of the EUWA was therefore that the New Regulation, which had not yet become applicable
was repealed for the U.K., but the Prior Directive was retained. References to the U.K. in this section predominantly refer to Great
Britain. Due to the Northern Ireland Protocol at Article 182 of the EUWA certain EU/EEA derived regulatory standards in Northern Ireland
were not repealed and therefore in some circumstances still apply. Currently, new negotiations for the Northern Ireland Protocol are
taking place and changes to it are expected during 2023. In the U.K., approval must be obtained from the MHRA when a clinical trial is
planned. A CTA must be submitted and supported by an investigational medicinal product dossier along with additional supporting information
pursuant to the Medicines for Human Use (Clinical Trials) Regulations 2004/1031 and other applicable guidance documents provided by the
MHRA. Furthermore, a clinical trial may only commence after a competent ethics committee has issued a favorable opinion on the clinical
trial application in the U.K. 

The requirements and process
governing the conduct of clinical trials, product licensing, pricing and reimbursement vary from country to country, even though there
is already some degree of legal harmonization in the EU member states resulting from the national implementation of underlying EU legislation.
In all cases, the clinical trials must be conducted in accordance with the International Conference on Harmonization guidelines on GCP
and other applicable regulatory requirements. 

To obtain regulatory approval
to place a drug on the market in the U.K. or EU/EEA countries, we must submit a marketing authorization application. This application
is similar to the NDA in the U.S., with the exception of, among other things, country-specific document requirements. All application
procedures require an application in the common technical document, format, which includes the submission of detailed information about
the manufacturing and quality of the product, and nonclinical and clinical trial information. In addition to using national authorization
procedures (leading to a marketing authorization on valid in the relevant EU/EEA member state), drugs can be authorized in the EU/EEA
by using (i) the centralized authorization procedure, (ii) the mutual recognition procedure, or (iii) the decentralized procedure.
These three authorization methods available to the EU/EEA are no longer available to the U.K. Drugs can be authorized in the U.K. by
the MHRA by using (i) the Innovative Licensing and Access Pathway, (ii) the 150-day assessment route, (iii) a "rolling review"
route of evaluation for novel products and biotechnological products, (iv) a European Commission (EC) Decision reliance procedure, (v)
a decentralized and mutual recognition reliance procedure, or (vi) an "unfettered access" route for marketing authorization
applications approved in Northern Ireland. 

The European Commission created
the centralized procedure for the approval of human drugs to facilitate marketing authorizations that are valid throughout the EU and,
by extension (after national implementing decisions) in Iceland, Liechtenstein and Norway, which, together with the EU member
states, comprise the European Economic Area. Applicants file marketing authorization applications with the European Medicines Agency
(EMA), where they are reviewed by a relevant scientific committee, in most cases the Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use CHMP ).
The European Medicines Agency EMA forwards CHMP opinions to the European Commission, which uses them as the basis
for deciding whether to grant a marketing authorization. This procedure results in a single marketing authorization granted by the European
Commission that is valid across the EU, as well as in Iceland, Liechtenstein and Norway. The centralized procedure is compulsory for
human drugs that are: (i) derived from biotechnology processes, such as genetic engineering, (ii) contain a new active substance
indicated for the treatment of certain diseases, such as HIV/AIDS, cancer, diabetes, neurodegenerative diseases, autoimmune and other
immune dysfunctions and viral diseases, (iii) officially designated orphan drugs (drugs used for rare human diseases)
and (iv) advanced-therapy medicines, such as gene-therapy, somatic cell-therapy or tissue-engineered medicines. The centralized procedure
may at the voluntary request of the applicant also be used for human drugs that do not fall within the above-mentioned categories if
the CHMP agrees that the human drug (a) contains a new active substance not yet approved on November 20, 2004; (b) constitutes
a significant therapeutic, scientific or technical innovation or (c) authorization under the centralized procedure is in the interests
of patients at the EU level. Although the U.K. can no longer utilize the EU centralized procedure, until December 31, 2023 the MHRA can
utilize the decentralized and mutual recognition reliance procedure to authorize drugs by relying upon EC approvals under the EU centralized
procedure. Beyond December 31, 2023, the MHRA intends to have a new regime for an international drug reliance framework. 

37 

Under the centralized procedure
in the EU, the maximum time frame for the evaluation of a marketing authorization application by the EMA is 210 days (excluding
clock stops, when additional written or oral information is to be provided by the applicant in response to questions asked by the CHMP),
with adoption of the actual marketing authorization by the European Commission thereafter. 

Accelerated evaluation might
be granted by the CHMP in exceptional cases, when a medicinal product is expected to be of a major public health interest from the point
of view of therapeutic innovation, defined by three cumulative criteria: the seriousness of the disease to be treated; the absence of
an appropriate alternative therapeutic approach, and anticipation of exceptional high therapeutic benefit. In this circumstance, EMA
ensures that the evaluation for the opinion of the CHMP is completed within 150 days and the opinion issued thereafter. 

For those medicinal products
for which the centralized procedure is not available, the applicant must submit marketing authorization applications to the national
medicines regulators through one of three procedures: (i) the mutual recognition procedure (which must be used if the product has
already been authorized in at least one other EU/EEA member state, and in which the EU/EEA member states are required to grant an authorization
recognizing the existing authorization in the other EU/EEA member state, unless they identify a serious risk to public health), (ii)
the decentralized procedure (in which applications are submitted simultaneously in two or more EU/EEA member states) or (iii) national
authorization procedures (which results in a marketing authorization in a single EU/EEA member state). 

Conditional Marketing Authorization 

The European Commission may
grant a conditional marketing authorization to medicines that address unmet medical needs. This marketing authorization is conditional 
upon carrying out certain activities imposed when authorization is granted (e.g., completing ongoing or new studies or collecting additional
data). This applies when the applicant is unable to provide comprehensive data on the efficacy and safety of the medicinal product under
normal conditions of use, for objective, verifiable reasons and based on specific grounds, and all of the following criteria are met: 

the
 benefit-risk balance of the medicine is positive; 

it
 is likely that the applicant will be able to provide comprehensive data post-authorization; 

the
 medicine fulfils an unmet medical need; and 

the
 benefit of the medicine's immediate availability to patients is greater than the risk inherent
 in the fact that additional data is still required. 

Conditional marketing authorizations
are valid for one year and can be renewed annually. 

In Great Britain (England,
Scotland, Wales) the MHRA has introduced and regulates a national conditional marketing authorization, effective from January 1, 2021;
in Northern Ireland, applications for conditional marketing authorization must be submitted to the EMA. The UK scheme has the same eligibility
criteria as the EU scheme. 

Mutual Recognition Procedure 

The mutual recognition procedure MRP ), for the approval of human drugs is an alternative approach to facilitate individual national marketing authorizations
within the EU/EEA. Basically, the MRP may be applied for all human drugs for which the centralized procedure is not obligatory. The MRP
is applicable to the majority of conventional medicinal products and must be used if the product has already been authorized in one or
more member states. 

38 

The characteristic of the
MRP is that the procedure builds on an already-existing marketing authorization in member state that is used as a reference in order
to obtain marketing authorizations in other EU/EEA member states. In the MRP, a marketing authorization for a drug already exists in
one or more member states of the EU/EEA and subsequently marketing authorization applications are made in other member states by referring
to the initial marketing authorization. The member state in which the marketing authorization was first granted will then act as the
reference member state. The member states where the marketing authorization is subsequently applied for act as concerned member states.
The concerned member states are required to grant an authorization recognizing the existing authorization in the reference member state,
unless they identify a serious risk to public health. 

The MRP is based on the principle
of the mutual recognition by EU/EEA member states of their respective national marketing authorizations. Based on a marketing authorization
in the reference member state, the applicant may apply for marketing authorizations in other member states. In such case, the reference
member state is required to update its existing assessment report about the drug in 90 days. After the assessment is completed,
copies of the report are sent to all concerned member states, together with the approved summary of product characteristics, labeling
and package leaflet. The concerned member states then have 90 days to recognize the decision of the reference member state and the
summary of product characteristics, labeling and package leaflet. National marketing authorizations shall be granted within 30 days
after acknowledgement of the agreement. 

Should any member state refuse
to recognize the marketing authorization by the reference member state, on the grounds of potential serious risk to public health, the
issue will be referred to a coordination group. Within a timeframe of 60 days, member states shall, within the coordination group,
make all efforts to reach a consensus. If this fails, the procedure is submitted to an EMA scientific committee for arbitration. The
opinion of this EMA Committee is then forwarded to the European Commission, for the start of the decision-making process. As in the centralized
procedure, this process entails consulting various European Commission Directorates General and the Standing Committee on Human Medicinal
Products. 

Data Exclusivity 

In the U.K. and EU, marketing
authorization applications for generic medicinal products do not need to include the results of pre-clinical and clinical trials, but
instead can refer to the data included in the marketing authorization of a reference product for which regulatory data exclusivity has
expired. If a marketing authorization is granted for a medicinal product containing a new active substance, that product benefits from
eight years of data exclusivity, during which generic marketing authorization applications referring to the data of that product
may not be accepted by the regulatory authorities, and a further two years of market exclusivity, during which such generic products
may not be placed on the market. The two-year period may be extended to three years if during the first eight years a new therapeutic
indication with significant clinical benefit over existing therapies is approved. 

Orphan Medicinal Products 

The EMA s Committee
for Orphan Medicinal Products COMP ), may recommend orphan medicinal product designation to promote the development
of products that are intended for the diagnosis, prevention or treatment of life-threatening or chronically debilitating conditions affecting
not more than five in 10,000 persons in the EU. Additionally, orphan designation is granted for products intended for the diagnosis,
prevention or treatment of a life-threatening, seriously debilitating or serious and chronic condition and when, without incentives,
it is unlikely that sales of the product in the EU would be sufficient to justify the necessary investment in developing the medicinal
product. The COMP may only recommend orphan medicinal product designation when the product in question offers a significant clinical
benefit over existing approved products for the relevant indication. Following a positive opinion by the COMP, the European Commission
generally grants orphan status within 30 days. When the draft decision of the European Commission is not aligned with the COMP opinion,
the COMP will reassess orphan status in parallel with EMA review of a marketing authorization application and orphan status may be withdrawn
at if the drug no longer fulfills the orphan criteria (for instance, because a new product was approved for the indication and no data
is available to demonstrate a significant benefit over that new product). Orphan medicinal product designation entitles a party to financial
incentives such as reduction of fees or fee waivers and ten years of market exclusivity is granted following marketing authorization.
During this period, the competent authorities may not accept or approve any similar medicinal product for the same therapeutic indication,
unless it offers a significant clinical benefit or if the holder of the marketing authorization for the original orphan drug is unable
to supply sufficient quantities of the drug. This period may be reduced to six years if the orphan medicinal product designation criteria
are no longer met, including where it is shown that the product is sufficiently profitable not to justify maintenance of market exclusivity. 

39 

EU/EEA orphan designations
extend to Northern Ireland. Otherwise in the U.K. post-Brexit, applications for the designation of orphan medicinal products are submitted
to the MHRA, which applies the same substantive criteria and with the same substantive effect as in the EU (save that, unlike the EU
procedure, it is not possible to obtain early orphan designation; the application for designation must be made at the same time as the
application for the U.K. marketing authorization). If a medicinal product has been designated orphan in the EU, then a Great Britain
orphan marketing authorization application can be made to the MHRA; absent an EU orphan designation a U.K.-wide (including Northern Ireland)
orphan marketing authorization application can be made to the MHRA. 

Pediatric Development 

In the EU and the U.K., companies
developing a new medicinal product must agree to a Pediatric Investigation Plan PIP ), with the EMA or the MHRA
and must conduct pediatric clinical trials in accordance with that PIP unless a waiver applies, for example, because the relevant disease
or condition occurs only in adults. The marketing authorization application for the product must include the results of pediatric clinical
trials conducted in accordance with the PIP, unless a waiver applies, or a deferral has been granted, in which case the pediatric clinical
trials must be completed at a later date. Products that are granted a marketing authorization on the basis of the pediatric clinical
trials conducted in accordance with the PIP are eligible for a six-month extension of the protection under a supplementary protection
certificate (if the product covered by it qualifies for one at the time of approval). This pediatric reward is subject to specific conditions
and is not automatically available when data in compliance with the PIP are developed and submitted. 

If we fail to comply with
applicable foreign regulatory requirements, we may be subject to, among other things, fines, suspension of clinical trials, suspension
or withdrawal of regulatory approvals, product recalls, seizure of products, operating restrictions and criminal prosecution. 

In addition, most countries
are parties to the Single Convention on Narcotic Drugs 1961 and the Convention on Psychotropic Substances 1971, which governs international
trade and domestic control of narcotic substances, including cannabis extracts. Countries may interpret and implement their treaty obligations
in a way that creates a legal obstacle to our obtaining marketing approval for our product candidates in those countries. These countries
may not be willing or able to amend or otherwise modify their laws and regulations to permit our product candidates to be marketed, or
achieving such amendments to the laws and regulations may take a prolonged period of time. In that case, we would be unable to market
our products in those countries in the near future or perhaps at all. 

Reimbursement 

Sales of pharmaceutical products
in the U.S. will depend, in part, on the extent to which the costs of the products will be covered by third-party payers, such as government
health programs, and commercial insurance and managed health care organizations. These third-party payers are increasingly challenging
the prices charged for medical products and services. Additionally, the containment of health care costs has become a priority of federal
and state governments, and the prices of drugs have been a focus in this effort. The U.S. government, state legislatures and foreign
governments have shown significant interest in implementing cost-containment programs, including price controls, utilization management
and requirements for substitution of generic products. Adoption of price controls and cost-containment measures, and adoption of more
restrictive policies in jurisdictions with existing controls and measures, could further limit our net revenue and results. If these
third-party payers do not consider our future products to be cost effective compared to other available therapies, they may not cover
our products after approval as a benefit under their plans or, if they do, the level of payment may not be sufficient to allow us to
sell our products on a profitable basis. 

40 

The Medicare Prescription
Drug, Improvement, and Modernization Act of 2003 MMA ), imposed requirements for the distribution and pricing of
prescription drugs for Medicare beneficiaries and included a major expansion of the prescription drug benefit under Medicare Part D.
Under Part D, Medicare beneficiaries may enroll in prescription drug plans offered by private entities that provide coverage of
outpatient prescription drugs. Part D is available through both stand-alone prescription drug benefit plans and prescription drug
coverage as a supplement to Medicare Advantage plans. Unlike Medicare Parts A and B, Part D coverage is not standardized. Part D
prescription drug plan sponsors are not required to pay for all covered Part D drugs, and each drug plan can develop its own drug
formulary that identifies which drugs it will cover and at what tier or level. However, Part D prescription drug formularies must
include drugs within each therapeutic category and class of covered Part D drugs, though not necessarily all the drugs in each category
or class. Any formulary used by a Part D prescription drug plan must be developed and reviewed by a pharmacy and therapeutic committee.
Government payment for some of the costs of prescription drugs may increase demand for products for which we receive marketing approval.
However, any negotiated prices for our products covered by a Part D prescription drug plan will likely be lower than the prices
we might otherwise obtain. Moreover, while the MMA applies only to drug benefits for Medicare beneficiaries, private payers often follow
Medicare coverage policy and payment limitations in setting their own payment rates. Any reduction in payment that results from the MMA
may result in a similar reduction in payments from nongovernmental payers. 

On February 17, 2009,
President Obama signed into law The American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009. This law provides funding for the federal government
to compare the effectiveness of different treatments for the same illness. This research is overseen by the Department of Health and
Human Services, the Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality and the National Institutes for Health, and periodic reports on the status
of the research and related expenditures must be made to Congress. Although the results of the comparative effectiveness studies are
not intended to mandate coverage policies for public or private payers, it is not clear how such a result could be avoided and what if
any effect the research will have on the sales of our product candidates, if any such product or the condition that it is intended to
treat is the subject of a study. It is also possible that comparative effectiveness research demonstrating benefits in a competitor s
product could adversely affect the sales of our product candidates. Decreases in third-party reimbursement for our product candidates
or a decision by a third-party payer to not cover our product candidates could reduce physician usage of the product candidate and have
a material adverse effect on our sales, results of operations and financial condition. 

The Patient Protection and
Affordable Care Act, as amended by the Health Care and Education Affordability Reconciliation Act of 2010 (collectively, the ACA was enacted in March 2010. The ACA was enacted with the goal of expanding coverage for the uninsured while at the same time containing
overall health care costs. With regard to pharmaceutical products, among other things, the ACA expanded and increased industry rebates
for drugs covered under Medicaid programs and made changes to the coverage requirements under the Medicare D program. We still cannot
fully predict the impact of the ACA on pharmaceutical companies as many of the ACA reforms require the promulgation of detailed regulations
implementing the statutory provisions which has not yet been completed, and the Centers for Medicare Medicaid Services has publicly
announced that it is analyzing the ACA regulations and policies that have been issued to determine if changes should be made. In addition,
although the U.S. Supreme Court has upheld the constitutionality of most of the ACA, some states have stated their intentions to not
implement certain sections of the ACA and some members of Congress are still working to repeal the ACA. These challenges add to the uncertainty
of the changes enacted as part of the ACA. In addition, the current legal challenges to the ACA, as well as Congressional efforts to
repeal the ACA, add to the uncertainty of the legislative changes enacted as part of the ACA. 

In addition, in some foreign
countries, the proposed pricing for a drug must be approved before it may be lawfully marketed. The requirements governing drug pricing
vary widely from country to country. For example, some EU jurisdictions operate positive and negative list systems under which products
may only be marketed once a reimbursement price has been agreed. To obtain reimbursement or pricing approval, some of these countries
may require the completion of clinical trials that compare the cost-effectiveness of a particular product candidate to currently available
therapies. Other member states allow companies to fix their own prices for medicines but monitor and control company profits. Such differences
in national pricing regimes may create price differentials between EU member states. There can be no assurance that any country that
has price controls or reimbursement limitations for pharmaceutical products will allow favorable reimbursement and pricing arrangements
for any of our products. Historically, products launched in the EU do not follow price structures of the U.S. In the EU, the downward
pressure on healthcare costs in general, particularly prescription medicines, has become intense. As a result, barriers to entry of new
products are becoming increasingly high and patients are unlikely to use a drug product that is not reimbursed by their government or
other public or private payers. 

41 

Other Health Care Laws and Compliance Requirements 

In the U.S., our activities
are potentially subject to regulation by various federal, state and local authorities in addition to the FDA, including the CMS, other
divisions of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (e.g., the Office of Inspector General), the U.S. Department of Justice
and individual U.S. Attorney offices within the Department of Justice, and state and local governments. For example, sales, marketing
and scientific/educational grant programs must comply with the anti-fraud and abuse provisions of the Social Security Act, the False
Claims Act, the privacy provisions of the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act, and similar state laws, each as amended.
Pricing and rebate programs must comply with the Medicaid rebate requirements of the Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1990 and the
Veterans Health Care Act of 1992 VHCA ), each as amended. If future products are made available to authorized users
of the federal supply schedule, additional laws and requirements apply. Under the VHCA, drug companies are required to offer certain
drugs at a reduced price to a number of federal agencies including the U.S. Department of Veteran Affairs and U.S. Department of
Defense, the Public Health Service and certain private Public Health Service-designated entities in order to participate in other federal
funding programs including Medicare and Medicaid. In addition, discounted prices must be offered for certain U.S. Department of
Defense purchases for its TRICARE program via a rebate system. Participation under the VHCA requires submission of pricing data and calculation
of discounts and rebates pursuant to complex statutory formulas, as well as the entry into government procurement contracts governed
by the federal acquisition regulations. 

In order to distribute products
commercially, we must comply with state laws that require the registration of manufacturers and wholesale distributors of pharmaceutical
products in a state, including, in certain states, manufacturers and distributors who ship products into the state, even if such manufacturers
or distributors have no place of business within the state. Several states have enacted legislation requiring pharmaceutical companies
to establish marketing compliance programs, file periodic reports with the state, make periodic public disclosures on sales and marketing
activities or register their sales representatives. Other legislation has been enacted in certain states prohibiting certain other sales
and marketing practices. All of our activities are potentially subject to federal and state consumer protection and unfair competition
laws. Likewise, these activities are subject to authorization or license requirements, or other legal requirements, under EU or EU member
states law, or the law of other countries where we operate or have products manufactured or distributed. 

Cost of Compliance with Environmental Laws 

Our operations are subject
to regulations under various federal, state, local and foreign laws concerning the environment, including laws addressing the discharge
of pollutants into the air and water, the management and disposal of hazardous substances and wastes, and the cleanup of contaminated
sites. We could incur substantial costs, including cleanup costs, fines and civil or criminal sanctions and third-party damage or personal
injury claims, if in the future we were to violate or become liable under environmental laws. We are not aware of any costs or effects
of our compliance with environmental laws. 

Climate Change Related Regulation 

Our operations are focused
on research and development of pharmaceutical products, and a significant portion of such research and development is conducted outside
of our facilities and by outsourced contract research organizations or universities. As a result, we do not anticipate any regulation
surrounding climate change to impact our operations. 

However, there is potential
for more frequent and severe weather events and water availability challenges that may impact the facilities of our partners and our
future suppliers. We cannot provide assurance that physical risks to the facilities of our partners and future suppliers and supply chain
due to climate change will not occur in the future. We periodically review our vulnerability to potential weather-related risks and other
natural disasters and update our assessments accordingly. Based on our reviews, we do not believe these potential risks are material
to our operations at this time. 

42 

Employees and Human Capital Management 

As of March 31, 2023, we and our subsidiaries
had five full-time employees. One of these employees is located in the U.K., and four are located in the U.S. 

In addition, we employ a
limited number of part-time employees on a temporary basis, as well as scientific advisors, consultants and service providers, mainly
through academic institutions and contract research organizations. 

We have never had a work
stoppage and none of our employees are covered by collective bargaining agreements or represented by a labor union. We believe that we
have good relationships with our employees. 

Our human capital resources
objectives include, as applicable, identifying, recruiting, retaining, incentivizing, and integrating our existing and new employees,
advisors, and consultants. The principal purposes of our equity and cash incentive plans are to attract, retain and reward personnel
through the granting of stock-based and cash-based compensation awards, in order to increase stockholder value and the success of our
company by motivating such individuals to perform to the best of their abilities and achieve our objectives. 

Corporate History 

Formation 

We were formed as a blank
check company organized under the laws of the State of Delaware on September 7, 2016. We were formed for the purpose of effecting a merger,
capital stock exchange, stock purchase, asset acquisition or other similar business combination with one or more operating businesses.
Since formation, we focused our efforts on acquiring an operating company in the healthcare and related wellness industry although our
efforts in identifying a prospective target business were not limited to a particular industry. 

Initial Public Offering 

On June 7, 2017, pursuant
to the Company s Initial Public Offering (the IPO ), the Company sold 11,500,000 Units at a purchase price
of 10.00 per Unit, inclusive of 1,500,000 Units sold to the underwriters on June 23, 2017 upon the underwriters election to fully
exercise their over-allotment option, generating gross proceeds of 115,000,000. Each Unit consisted of one-twentieth
of a share of the Company s common stock, one right to receive one-200th of one share of the Company s common stock upon
the consummation of a business combination Right ), and one redeemable warrant to purchase one-fortieth of one share
of the Company s common stock (the Public Warrants ). Each Public Warrant entitles the holder to purchase one-fortieth
of one share of common stock at an exercise price of 5.75 per 1/40 th of one share 230.00 per whole share), subject to adjustment.
No fractional shares will be issued upon exercise of the Public Warrants. The Public Warrants became exercisable 12 months from the closing
of the IPO, and expire five years after the completion of the Business Combination (November 6, 2025). 

The Company may redeem the
Public Warrants, in whole and not in part, at a price of 0.01 per Public Warrant upon 30 days notice 30-day redemption
period ), only in the event that the last sale price of the common stock equals or exceeds 360.00 per share for any 20 trading
days within a 30-trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which notice of redemption is given, provided
there is an effective registration statement with respect to the shares of common stock underlying such Public Warrants and a current
prospectus relating to those shares of common stock is available throughout the 30-day redemption period. If the Company calls the Public
Warrants for redemption as described above, the Company s management will have the option to require all holders that wish to exercise
Public Warrants to do so on a cashless basis. In determining whether to require all holders to exercise their Public
Warrants on a cashless basis, management will consider, among other factors, the Company s cash position,
the number of Public Warrants that are outstanding and the dilutive effect on the Company s stockholders of issuing the maximum
number of shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of the Public Warrants. Each holder of a Right received one-200th (1/200)
of one share of common stock upon consummation of the Business Combination. No fractional shares were issued upon exchange of the Rights. 

43 

Private Placement 

Concurrent with the closing
of the IPO, KBL IV Sponsor LLC (the Sponsor and the underwriters purchased an aggregate of 450,000 unregistered
Units Private Units at 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of 4,500,000 in a private placement. In addition,
on June 23, 2017, the Company consummated the sale of an additional 52,500 Private Units at a price of 10.00 per Unit, which were purchased
by the Sponsor and underwriters, generating gross proceeds of 525,000. Of these, 377,500 Private Units were purchased by the Sponsor
and 125,000 Private Units were purchased by the underwriters. The proceeds from the Private Units were added to the net proceeds from
the IPO held in a Trust Account (the Trust Account ). The Private Units (including their component securities) were
not transferable, assignable or salable until 30 days after the completion of the Business Combination (defined below) and the warrants
included in the Private Units (the Private Placement Warrants will be non-redeemable so long as they are held by
the Sponsor, the underwriters or their permitted transferees. If the Private Placement Warrants are held by someone other than the Sponsor,
the underwriters or their permitted transferees, the Private Placement Warrants will be redeemable by the Company and exercisable by
such holders on the same basis as the warrants included in the Units sold in the IPO. In addition, for as long as the Private Placement
Warrants are held by the underwriters or its designees or affiliates, they may not be exercised after five years from the effective date
of the registration statement related to the IPO. Otherwise, the Private Placement Warrants have terms and provisions that are identical
to those of the warrants sold as part of the Units in the IPO and have no net cash settlement provisions. 

Business Combination 

On July 25, 2019, we entered
into a Business Combination Agreement (as amended from time to time, the Business Combination Agreement ), with KBL
Merger Sub, Inc. Merger Sub ), 180 Life Corp. (f/k/a 180 Life Sciences Corp.)( 180 ), Katexco
Pharmaceuticals Corp. Katexco ), CannBioRex Pharmaceuticals Corp. CBR Pharma ), 180 Therapeutics
L.P. 180 LP and together with Katexco and CBR Pharma, the 180 Subsidiaries and, together with
180 Life Sciences Corp., the 180 Parties ), and Lawrence Pemble, in his capacity as representative of the stockholders
of the 180 Parties (the Stockholder Representative ). The business combination described in the Business Combination
Agreement (the Business Combination ), closed and became effective on November 6, 2020 (the Closing ).
Pursuant to the Business Combination Agreement, among other things, Merger Sub merged with and into 180, with 180 continuing as the surviving
entity and a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company (the Merger ). In connection with, and prior to, the Closing,
180 Life Sciences Corp. filed a Certificate of Amendment of its Certificate of Incorporation in Delaware to change its name to 180 Life
Corp., and our company (which was known as of our entry into the Business Combination as KBL Merger Corp. IV, changed our name to 180
Life Sciences Corp.). 

180 was incorporated in Delaware
on January 28, 2019. Prior to the Closing of the Business Combination, 180 operated through three subsidiaries: 180 LP, a Delaware limited
partnership formed on September 6, 2013; Katexco, a company incorporated in British Columbia, Canada on March 7, 2018; and CBR Pharma,
a company incorporated in British Columbia, Canada on March 8, 2018. 

In July 2019, 180 and each
of 180 LP, Katexco and CBR Pharma completed a corporate restructuring, pursuant to which 180 LP, Katexco and CBR Pharma became wholly-owned
subsidiaries of 180LS (the Reorganization ). The corporate restructuring arrangements with respect to Katexco and
CBR Pharma were completed under the Business Corporations Act (British Columbia). 

On November 6, 2020 (the
 Closing Date ), the Company consummated the Business Combination following a special meeting of stockholders held
on November 5, 2020, where the stockholders of the Company considered and approved, among other matters, a proposal to adopt the Business
Combination. Pursuant to the Business Combination Agreement, among other things, Merger Sub merged with and into 180, with 180 continuing
as the surviving entity and as a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. The Merger became effective on November 6, 2020 (such time,
the Effective Time , and the closing of the Merger being referred to herein as the Closing ).
In connection with, and prior to, the Closing, 180 filed a Certificate of Amendment of its Certificate of Incorporation in Delaware to
change its name to 180 Life Corp. and KBL Merger Corp. IV changed its name to 180 Life Sciences Corp. 

44 

At the Effective Time, each
share of 180 common stock issued and outstanding prior to the Effective Time was automatically converted into the right to receive approximately
8.41892 shares of the common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, of the Company (such shares of Common Stock issuable to the common stockholders
of 180 pursuant to the Business Combination Agreement, the Merger Consideration Shares ). An aggregate of 874,737
shares of common stock have been issued to date to the common stockholders of 180 as Merger Consideration Shares, including the Escrow
Shares (as defined below). Also at the Effective Time, each share underlying the 180 preferred stock issued and outstanding prior to
the Effective Time was converted into the right to receive one Class C Special Voting Share of the Company, or one Class K Special Voting
Share of the Company, as applicable (such shares, the Special Voting Shares ). The Special Voting Shares entitle
the holder thereof to an aggregate number of votes, on any particular matter, proposition or question, equal to the number of Exchangeable
Shares (as defined below) of each of CannBioRex Purchaseco ULC and Katexco Purchaseco ULC, Canadian subsidiaries of 180, respectively,
that are outstanding from time to time. 

As a result of the Merger,
the existing exchangeable shares (collectively, the Exchangeable Shares of CannBioRex Purchaseco ULC and/or Katexco
Purchaseco ULC were adjusted in accordance with the share provisions in the articles of CannBioRex Purchaseco ULC or Katexco Purchaseco
ULC, as applicable, governing the Exchangeable Shares such that they were multiplied by the exchange ratio for the Merger and became
exchangeable into shares of Common Stock. The Exchangeable Shares entitle the holders to dividends and other rights that are substantially
economically equivalent to those of holders of Common Stock, and holders of Exchangeable Shares have the right to vote at meetings of
the stockholders of the Company. An aggregate of 264 shares of Common Stock are reserved for issuance to the holders of the Exchangeable
Shares upon the exchange thereof. 

Pursuant to the Business
Combination Agreement, 52,500 of the Merger Consideration Shares (such shares, the Escrow Shares were deposited
into an escrow account (the Escrow Account to serve as security for, and the exclusive source of payment of, the
Company s indemnity rights under the Business Combination Agreement, all of which were planned to be released to the same stockholders
12 months following the Closing of the Business Combination, but for a claim made by Dr. Krauss against these shares which is pending. 

As a result of the Business
Combination, the former stockholders of 180 became the controlling stockholders of the Company and 180 became a wholly-owned subsidiary
of the Company. The Business Combination was accounted for as a reverse merger, whereby 180 is considered the acquirer for accounting
and financial reporting purposes. 

In connection with the Closing,
the Company withdrew 9,006,493 of funds from the Trust Account (as defined below) to fund the redemptions of 40,824 shares. 

Reverse Stock Split 

On December 15, 2022, at
a Special Meeting of the Stockholders of 180 Life Sciences Corp., the stockholders of the Company approved an amendment to the Company s
Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as amended, to effect a reverse stock split of our issued and outstanding shares
of our common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, by a ratio of between one-for-four to one-for-twenty, inclusive, with the exact ratio
to be set at a whole number to be determined by our Board of Directors or a duly authorized committee thereof in its discretion, at any
time after approval of the amendment and prior to December 15, 2023 (the Stockholder Authority ). On December 15, 2022,
the Company s Board of Directors (the Board ), with the Stockholder Authority, approved an amendment to our Second
Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation to affect a reverse stock split of our common stock at a ratio of 1-for-20 (the Reverse
Stock Split ). 

Immediately after the Special
Meeting and the approval thereof by the Board, on December 15, 2022, we filed a Certificate of Amendment to our Second Amended and Restated
Certificate of Incorporation (the Certificate of Amendment with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware to effect
the Reverse Stock Split. A copy of the Certificate of Amendment is attached hereto as Exhibit 3.1 and is incorporated by reference herein. 

Pursuant to the Certificate
of Amendment, the Reverse Stock Split became effective on December 19, 2022 at 12:01 a.m. Eastern Time (the Effective Time ).
No change was made to the trading symbol for the Company s shares of common stock or public warrants, ATNF and ATNFW ,
respectively, in connection with the Reverse Stock Split. 

45 

The Certificate of Amendment
did not reduce the number of authorized shares of our common stock, nor alter the par value of our common stock or modify any voting
rights or other terms of our common stock. 

No fractional shares were
issued in connection with the Reverse Stock Split and stockholders of record who otherwise would be entitled to receive fractional shares,
were instead entitled to have their fractional shares rounded up to the nearest whole share. 

The effects of the 1-for-20
Reverse Stock Split have been retroactively reflected throughout this Report. 

Corporate Structure 

The chart below shows our
current organizational structure: 

About Us 

Our principal executive offices
are located at 3000 El Camino Real, Bldg. 4, Suite 200, Palo Alto, CA 94306, and our telephone number is (650) 507-0669. We maintain
a website at www.180lifesciences.com . We have not incorporated by reference into this Report the information in, or that
can be accessed through, our website, and you should not consider it to be a part of this Report. 

Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act 

In April 2012, the Jumpstart
Our Business Startups Act JOBS Act was enacted into law. The JOBS Act provides, among other things, exemptions for
 emerging growth companies from certain financial disclosure and governance requirements for up to five years and provides
a new form of financing to small companies. We ceased being an emerging growth company on December 31, 2022. 

46 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS. 

Summary Risk Factors 

We face risks and uncertainties
related to our business, many of which are beyond our control. In particular, risks associated with our business include: 

we are a clinical stage
 biotechnology company that had no revenue for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, and do not anticipate generating revenue
 for the near future; 

our need for additional
 financing, both near term and long term, to support our operations, our ability to raise such financing as needed, the terms of such
 financing, if available, potential significant dilution associated therewith, and covenants and restrictions we may need to comply
 with in connection with such funding; 

our dependence on the success
 of our future product candidates, some of which may not receive regulatory approval or be successfully commercialized; problems in
 our manufacturing process for our new products and/or our failure to comply with manufacturing regulations, or unexpected increases
 in our manufacturing costs; problems with distribution of our products; and failure to adequately market our products; 

risks associated with the
 growth of our business, our ability to maintain such growth, difficulties in managing our growth, and executing our growth strategy; 

liability
 for previously restated financial statements and associated with ineffective controls and procedures, as well as costs and expenses
 related to the indemnification of current and former officers and directors; 

our dependence on our key personnel and our ability to attract and retain employees and consultants; 

risks from intense competition
 from companies with greater resources and experience than we have; 

our ability to receive
 regulatory approvals for our product candidates, and the timeline and costs associated therewith, including the uncertainties associated
 with the clinical development and regulatory approval of the Company s drug candidates, including potential delays in the enrollment
 and completion of clinical trials, issues raised by the FDA and the MHRA; 

risks that our future product
 candidates, if approved by regulatory authorities, may be unable to achieve the expected market acceptance and, consequently, limit
 our ability to generate revenue from new products; 

the outcome of currently
 pending and future claims and litigation, future government investigations, and other proceedings may adversely affect our business
 and results of operations; 

47 

the fact that the majority
 of our license agreements provide the licensors and/or counter-parties the right to use, own and/or exploit such licensed intellectual
 property; 

preclinical studies and
 earlier clinical trials may not necessarily be predictive of future results and may not have favorable results; we have limited marketing
 experience, and our future ability to successfully commercialize any of our product candidates, even if they are approved in the
 future is unknown; and business interruptions could delay us in the process of developing our future product candidates and could
 disrupt our product sales; 

third-party payors may
 not provide coverage and adequate reimbursement levels for any future products; 

liability from lawsuits
 (including product liability lawsuits, stockholder lawsuits and regulatory matters), including judgments, damages, fines and penalties
 and including the outcome of currently pending litigation, potential future government investigations, and other proceedings that
 may adversely affect our business and results of operations; 

security breaches, loss
 of data and other disruptions which could prevent us from accessing critical information or expose us to liabilities or damages; 

risks associated with clinical
 trials that are expensive, time-consuming, uncertain and susceptible to change, delay or termination and which are open to differing
 interpretations, delays in the trials, testing, application, or approval process for drug candidates and/or our ability to obtain
 approval for promising drug candidates, and the costs associated therewith; 

our ability to comply with
 existing and future rules and regulations, including federal, state and foreign healthcare laws and regulations and implementation
 of, or changes to, such healthcare laws and regulations; 

our ability to adequately
 protect our future product candidates or our proprietary technology in the marketplace, claims and liability from third parties regarding
 our alleged infringement of their intellectual property; 

differences in laws and
 regulations between countries and other jurisdictions and changes in laws or regulations, including, but not limited to tax laws
 and controlled substance laws, or a failure to comply with any laws and regulations; 

conflicts of interest between
 our officers, directors, consultants and scientists; 

penalties associated with
 our failure to comply with certain pre-agreed contractual obligations and restrictions; 

dilution caused by future
 fund raising, the conversion/exercise of outstanding convertible securities, and downward pressure on the value of our securities
 caused by such future issuances/sales; 

negative effects on our
 business from the COVID-19 pandemic and other potential future pandemics; 

48 

the extremely volatile
 nature of our securities and potential lack of liquidity thereof; 

the fact that our Certificate
 of Incorporation provides for indemnification of officers and directors, limits the liability of officers and directors, allows for
 the authorization of preferred stock without stockholder approval, and includes certain other anti-takeover provisions and exclusive
 forum provisions; 

our ability to maintain
 the listing of our common stock and warrants on NASDAQ and the costs of compliance with SEC and NASDAQ rules and requirements; 

failure of our information
 technology systems, including cybersecurity attacks or other data security incidents, that could significantly disrupt the operation
 of our business; 

the fact that we may acquire
 other companies which could divert our management s attention, result in additional dilution to our stockholders and otherwise
 disrupt our operations and harm our operating results and if we make any acquisitions, they may disrupt or have a negative impact
 on our business; 

the effect of high inflation,
 increasing interest rates and economic downturns, including potential recessions, as well as macroeconomic, geopolitical, health
 and industry trends, pandemics, acts of war (including the ongoing Ukraine/Russian conflict) and other large-scale crises, as well
 as the potential implications of a Congressional impasse over the U.S. debt limit or possible future U.S. governmental shutdowns
 over budget disagreements; 

the fact that we may apply
 working capital and future funding to uses that ultimately do not improve our operating results or increase the value of our securities;
 and 

our growth depends in part
 on the success of our strategic relationships with third parties. 

You should be aware
that there are substantial risks for an investment in our common stock. You should carefully consider these risk factors before you decide
to invest in our common stock. 

If any of the following
risks were to occur, our business, financial condition, results of operations or other prospects, could be materially adversely affected,
and the occurrence of any of these risks could materially affect our likelihood of success. If that happens, the market price of our
common stock, if any, could decline, and prospective investors would lose all or part of their investment in our common stock. 

Our business, financial condition
and results of operations are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including those described below. This section discusses factors
that, individually or in the aggregate, could cause our actual results to differ materially from expected and historical results. Our
business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially adversely affected by any of these risks. It is not possible
to predict or identify all such factors. Consequently, the following description of Risk Factors is not a complete discussion of all
potential risks or uncertainties applicable to our business. 

49 

Risks Related to Our Business Operations 

Our current cash balance
is only sufficient to fund our planned business operations through the second quarter of 2023. If additional capital is not available,
we may not be able to pursue our planned business operations, may be forced to change our planned business operations, or may take other
actions that could adversely impact our stockholders. 

We are a clinical stage biotechnology
company that currently has no revenue. Thus, our business does not generate the cash necessary to finance our planned business operations.
We will require significant additional capital to: (i) develop FDA and/or MHRA-approved products and commercialize such products;
(ii) fund research and development activities relating to, and obtain regulatory approval for, our product candidates; (iii) protect
our intellectual property; (iv) attract and retain highly-qualified personnel; (v) respond effectively to competitive pressures;
and (vi) acquire complementary businesses or technologies. 

Our future capital needs
depend on many factors, including: (i) the scope, duration and expenditures associated with our research, development and commercialization
efforts; (ii) continued scientific progress in our programs; (iii) the outcome of potential partnering or licensing transactions,
if any; (iv) competing technological developments; (v) our proprietary patent position; and (vi) the regulatory approval
process for our products. 

We will need to raise substantial
additional funds through public or private equity offerings, debt financings or strategic alliances and licensing arrangements to finance
our planned business operations. We may not be able to obtain additional financing on terms favorable to us, if at all. General market
conditions, as well as the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, raising interest rates and inflation, as well as global conflicts which as the
ongoing conflict between Ukraine and Russia, as well as the potential implications of a Congressional impasse over the U.S. debt limit
or possible future U.S. governmental shutdowns over budget disagreements, may make it difficult for us to seek financing from the capital
markets, and the terms of any financing may adversely affect the holdings or the rights of our stockholders. For example, if we raise
additional funds by issuing equity securities, further dilution to our stockholders will result, which may substantially dilute the value
of their investment. Any equity financing may also have the effect of reducing the conversion or exercise price of our outstanding convertible
or exercisable securities, which could result in the issuance (or potential issuance) of a significant number of additional shares
of our common stock. In addition, as a condition to providing additional funds to us, future investors may demand, and may be granted,
rights superior to those of existing stockholders. Debt financing, if available, may involve restrictive covenants that could limit our
flexibility to conduct future business activities and, in the event of insolvency, could be paid before holders of equity securities
received any distribution of our assets. We may be required to relinquish rights to our technologies or product candidates, or grant
licenses through alliance, joint venture or agreements on terms that are not favorable to us, in order to raise additional funds. If
adequate funds are not available, we may have to delay, reduce or eliminate one or more of our planned activities with respect to our
business, or terminate our operations. These actions would likely reduce the market price of our common stock. 

We will need additional
capital which may not be available on commercially acceptable terms, if at all, which raises questions about our ability to continue
as a going concern. 

As of December 31, 2022, we
had an accumulated deficit of 107,408,545 and working capital of 3,270,608, and for the year ended December 31, 2022, a net loss of
 38,726,259 and cash used in operating activities of 12,127,585. As of March 29, 2023, we had cash on hand of approximately 2.7 million.
The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming the Company will continue as a going concern. As we are
not generating revenues, we need to raise a significant amount of capital in order to pay our debts and cover our operating costs. While
the Company recently raised funds through the sale of equity in July 2022 6.5 million of gross proceeds) and December 2022 6.0 million
of gross proceeds), there is no assurance that we will be able to raise additional needed capital or that such capital will be available
under favorable terms. 

We are subject to all the
substantial risks inherent in the development of a new business enterprise within an extremely competitive industry. Due to the absence
of a long-standing operating history and the emerging nature of the markets in which we compete, we anticipate operating losses until
we can successfully implement our business strategy, which includes all associated revenue streams. We may never ever achieve profitable
operations or generate significant revenues. 

We currently have a monthly
cash requirement spend of approximately 900,000. We believe that in the aggregate, we will require significant additional capital funding
to support and expand the research and development and marketing of our products, fund future clinical trials, repay debt obligations,
provide capital expenditures for additional equipment and development costs, payment obligations, office space and systems for managing
the business, and cover other operating costs until our planned revenue streams from products are fully-implemented and begin to offset
our operating costs, if ever. 

50 

Since our inception, we have
funded our operations with the proceeds from equity and debt financings. We have experienced liquidity issues due to, among other reasons,
our limited ability to raise adequate capital on acceptable terms. We have historically relied upon the sale of equity and debt funding
that is convertible into shares of our common stock to fund our operations and have devoted significant efforts to reduce that exposure.
We anticipate that we will need to issue equity to fund our operations and fund our operating expenses for the foreseeable future. If
we are unable to achieve operational profitability or we are not successful in securing other forms of financing, we will have to evaluate
alternative actions to reduce our operating expenses and conserve cash. 

These conditions raise substantial
doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern for the next twelve months from the date of issuance of the auditor s report
set forth herein. The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally
accepted in the U.S. on a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the
normal course of business. Accordingly, the consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability
of assets and classification of liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. The
consolidated financial statements included herein also include a going concern footnote. 

Additionally, wherever possible,
our Board of Directors will attempt to use non-cash consideration to satisfy obligations. In many instances, we believe that the non-cash
consideration will consist of restricted shares of our common stock, preferred stock or warrants to purchase shares of our common stock.
Our Board of Directors has authority, without action or vote of the stockholders, but subject to NASDAQ rules and regulations (which
generally require stockholder approval for any transactions which would result in the issuance of more than 20 of our then outstanding
shares of common stock or voting rights representing over 20 of our then outstanding shares of stock, subject to certain exceptions),
to issue all or part of the authorized but unissued shares of common stock, preferred stock or warrants to purchase such shares of common
stock. In addition, we may attempt to raise capital by selling shares of our common stock, possibly at a discount to market in the future.
These actions will result in dilution of the ownership interests of existing stockholders, may further dilute common stock book value,
and that dilution may be material. Such issuances may also serve to enhance existing management s ability to maintain control of
us, because the shares may be issued to parties or entities committed to supporting existing management. 

We have significant
and increasing liquidity needs and require additional funding. 

Research and development,
management and administrative expenses, including legal expenses, and cash used for operations will continue to be significant and may
increase substantially in the future in connection with new research and development initiatives, clinical trials, continued product
commercialization efforts and the launch of our future product candidates. We will need to raise additional capital to fund our operations,
continue to conduct clinical trials to support potential regulatory approval of marketing applications, and to fund commercialization
of our future product candidates. 

The amount and timing of
our future funding requirements will depend on many factors, including, but not limited to: 

the timing of FDA and/or
 MHRA approval, if any, and approvals in other international markets of our future product candidates, if at all; 

the timing and amount of
 revenue from sales of our products, or revenue from grants or other sources; 

the rate of progress and
 cost of our clinical trials and other product development programs; 

costs of establishing or
 outsourcing sales, marketing and distribution capabilities; 

costs and timing of any
 outsourced growing and commercial manufacturing supply arrangements for our future product candidates; 

costs of filing, prosecuting,
 defending and enforcing any patent claims and other intellectual property rights associated with our future product candidates; 

the effect of competing
 technological and market developments; 

personnel, facilities and
 equipment requirements; and 

the terms and timing of
 any additional collaborative, licensing, co-promotion or other arrangements that we may establish. 

51 

While we expect to fund
our future capital requirements from a number of sources, such as cash flow from operations and the proceeds from further public and/or
private offerings, we cannot assure you that any of these funding sources will be available to us on favorable terms, or at all. Further,
even if we can raise funds from all of the above sources, the amounts raised may not be sufficient to meet our future capital requirements. 

We may need to raise
additional capital, which may not be available on favorable terms, if at all, causing dilution to our stockholders, restricting our operations
or adversely affecting our ability to operate our business. 

We may not be able to obtain
additional financing on terms favorable to us, if at all, including as a result of macroeconomic conditions such as a severe or prolonged
economic downturn. Disruption, uncertainty or volatility in the capital markets could increase our cost of capital or limit our ability
to raise funds needed to operate our business. Disruptions could be caused by Federal Reserve policies and actions, currency concerns,
inflation, economic downturn or uncertainty, monetary policies, failures of financial institutions, U.S. debt management concerns, and
U.S. debt limit and budget disputes, including government shutdowns, European and worldwide sovereign debt concerns, other global or geopolitical
events, or other factors. Current macroeconomic conditions have negatively impacted the U.S. banking sector, including for example, the
recent closures and FDIC receiverships of Silicon Valley Bank and Signature Bank. Although we do not have any accounts at or business
relationships with these banks, we may be negatively impacted by other disruptions to the U.S. banking system caused by these or similar
developments. 

Our results of operations
may be adversely affected by fluctuations in currency values. 

We expend expenses in currencies
other than the U.S. dollar. The Company s reporting currency is the United States dollar. The functional currency of certain subsidiaries
is the Canadian Dollar CAD or British Pound GBP ). The resulting translation adjustments are recognized
in stockholders equity as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income. Comprehensive income is defined as the change
in equity of an entity from all sources other than investments by owners or distributions to owners and includes foreign currency translation
adjustments as described above. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded other comprehensive (loss) income
of 3,702,963) and 180,554, respectively, as a result of foreign currency translation adjustments. 

Foreign currency gains
and losses resulting from transactions denominated in foreign currencies, including intercompany transactions, are included in results
of operations. The Company recognized 12,777) and 69) of foreign currency transaction (losses) for the years ended December 31, 2022
and 2021, respectively. Such amounts have been classified within general and administrative expenses in the accompanying consolidated
statements of operations and comprehensive loss. 

Changes in the value of the
currencies which we pay expenses (and in the future receive revenues), versus each other, and the U.S. dollar, could result in an adverse
charge being recorded to our income statement. 

Global economic conditions
could materially adversely affect the Company s business, results of operations, financial condition and growth. 

Adverse macroeconomic conditions,
including inflation, slower growth or recession, new or increased tariffs, changes to fiscal and monetary policy, tighter credit, higher
interest rates, high unemployment and currency fluctuations, as well as the potential implications of a Congressional impasse over the
U.S. debt limit or possible future U.S. governmental shutdowns over budget disagreements, could materially adversely affect the Company s
operations, expenses, access to capital and the market for the Company s planned future products. In addition, consumer confidence
and spending could be adversely affected in response to financial market volatility, negative financial news, conditions in the real
estate and mortgage markets, declines in income or asset values, changes to fuel and other energy costs, labor and healthcare costs and
other economic factors. 

In addition, uncertainty
about, or a decline in, global or regional economic conditions could have a significant impact on the Company s funding sources,
suppliers and partners. Potential effects include financial instability; inability to obtain credit to finance operations and purchases
of the Company s future planned products; and insolvency. 

A downturn in the economic
environment could also lead to limitations on the Company s ability to sell equity or issue new debt; reduce liquidity; and result
in declines in the fair value of the Company s financial instruments. These and other economic factors could materially adversely
affect the Company s business, results of operations, financial condition and growth. 

52 

Our industry and the
broader U.S. economy have experienced higher than expected inflationary pressures during 2022, related to continued supply chain disruptions,
labor shortages and geopolitical instability. Should these conditions persist our business, future results of operations and cash flows
could be materially and adversely affected. 

Calendar 2022 has seen significant
increases in the costs of certain materials, products and shipping costs, as a result of availability constraints, supply chain disruption,
increased demand, labor shortages associated with a fully employed U.S. labor force, high inflation and other factors. Supply and demand
fundamentals have been further aggravated by disruptions in global energy supply caused by multiple geopolitical events, including the
ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine. Service, materials and shipping costs have also increased accordingly with general supply
chain and inflation issues seen throughout the U.S. leading to increased operating costs. Recent supply chain constraints and inflationary
pressures may adversely impact our operating costs and may negatively impact our future product costs, consulting costs and expenses
which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

Economic uncertainty
may affect our access to capital and/or increase the costs of such capital. 

Global economic conditions
continue to be volatile and uncertain due to, among other things, consumer confidence in future economic conditions, fears of recession
and trade wars, the price of energy, fluctuating interest rates, the availability and cost of consumer credit, the availability and timing
of government stimulus programs, levels of unemployment, increased inflation, tax rates, and the war between Ukraine and Russia which
began in February 2022, and the potential implications of a Congressional impasse over the U.S. debt limit or possible future U.S. governmental
shutdowns over budget disagreements. These conditions remain unpredictable and create uncertainties about our ability to raise capital
in the future. In the event required capital becomes unavailable in the future, or more costly, it could have a material adverse effect
on our business, future results of operations, and financial condition. 

We may not receive
any amounts under our pre-merger directors and officers insurance policy in connection with certain litigation matters. 

On June 29, 2022, AmTrust
International Underwriters DAC AmTrust ), which was the premerger directors and officers insurance policy
underwriter for KBL, filed a declaratory relief action against the Company in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California
(the Declaratory Relief Action seeking declaration of AmTrust s obligations under the directors and officers 
insurance policy. In the Declaratory Relief Action, AmTrust is claiming that as a result of the merger, the Company is no longer the insured
under the subject insurance policy, notwithstanding the fact that the fees which the Company seeks to recover from AmTrust relate to matters
occurring prior to the merger. On September 20, 2022, the Company filed its Answer and Counterclaims against AmTrust for bad faith breach
of AmTrust s insurance coverage obligations to the Company under the subject directors and officers insurance policy,
and seeking damages of at least 2 million in compensatory damages, together with applicable punitive damages. In addition, the Company
brought a Third-Party Complaint against its excess insurance carrier, Freedom Specialty Insurance Company Freedom seeking
declaratory relief that Freedom will also be required to honor its policy coverage as soon as the amount of AmTrust s insurance
coverage obligations to the Company have been exhausted. On October 25, 2022, AmTrust filed its Answer to the Company s Counterclaims
and, on October 27, 2022, Freedom filed its Answer to the Third-Party Complaint. 

On November 22, 2022,
the Company filed a Motion for Summary Adjudication against both AmTrust and Freedom. The Motion was fully briefed and a hearing
was held on March 9, 2023. The Court took the matter under submission and has not yet issued a ruling. While the Company believes
it has a strong case against AmTrust, there can be no assurance that the Company will prevail in this action. 

We are dependent on
the success of our future product candidates, some of which may not receive regulatory approval or be successfully commercialized. 

Our success will depend on
our ability to successfully develop and commercialize our future product candidates through our development programs, including our product
candidate for the treatment of Dupuytren s Contracture and any other product candidates developed through our fibrosis 
anti-TNF, CBD derivatives, and 7nAChR development platforms. We may never be able to develop products which receive regulatory
approval in the U.S. or elsewhere. There can be no assurance that the FDA, MHRA, EMA or any other regulatory authority will approve these
product candidates. 

Our ability to successfully
commercialize our future product candidates will depend on, among other things, our ability to successfully complete pre-clinical and
other non-clinical studies and clinical trials and to receive regulatory approvals from the FDA, MHRA, EMA and similar foreign regulatory
authorities. Delays in the regulatory process could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial
condition. 

53 

Our ability to generate
revenue from any of our potential products is subject to our ability to obtain regulatory approval and fulfill numerous other requirements
and we may never be successful in generating revenues or becoming profitable. 

Our ability to become and
remain profitable depends on our ability to generate revenue or execute other business development arrangements. We do not expect to
generate significant revenue, if any, unless and until we are able to obtain regulatory approval for, and successfully commercialize
the product candidates we are developing or may develop. Successful commercialization, to the extent it occurs, will require achievement
of many key milestones, including demonstrating safety and efficacy in clinical trials, obtaining regulatory approval for these product
candidates, manufacturing, marketing and selling, or entering into other agreements to commercialize, those products for which we may
obtain regulatory approval, satisfying any post-marketing requirements and obtaining reimbursement for our products from private insurance
or government payors. Because of the uncertainties and risks associated with these activities, we cannot accurately and precisely predict
the timing and amount, if any, of revenues, the extent of any further losses or when we might achieve profitability. We may never succeed
in these activities and, even if we do, we may never generate revenues that are sufficient enough for us to achieve profitability. Even
if we do achieve profitability, we may not be able to sustain or increase profitability on a quarterly or annual basis. 

Our failure to become and
remain profitable may depress the market price of our common stock and could impair our ability to raise capital, expand our business,
diversify our product offerings or continue our operations. 

We have recently grown
our business and will need to increase the size and complexity of our organization in the future, and we may experience difficulties
in managing our growth and executing our growth strategy. 

Our management, personnel
and systems currently in place may not be adequate to support our business plan and future growth. We will need to increase our number
of full-time equivalent employees in order to conduct Phase 1, 2 and 3 clinical trials of our future products and to establish a commercial
organization and commercial infrastructure. As a result of these future activities, the complexity of our business operations is expected
to substantially increase. We will need to develop and expand our scientific, manufacturing, sales and marketing, managerial, compliance,
operational, financial and other resources to support our planned research, development, manufacturing and commercialization activities. 

Our need to effectively manage
our operations, growth and various projects requires that we: 

continue to improve our
 operational, financial, management and regulatory compliance controls and reporting systems and procedures; 

attract and retain sufficient
 numbers of talented employees; 

manage our commercialization
 activities effectively and in a cost-effective manner (currently trial and development for our clinical trials is very cost effective);
 and 

manage our development
 efforts effectively while carrying out our contractual obligations to contractors and other third parties. 

We have utilized and continue
to utilize the services of part-time outside consultants and contractors to perform a number of tasks for our company, including tasks
related to compliance programs, clinical trial management, regulatory affairs, formulation development and other drug development functions.
Our growth strategy may entail expanding our use of consultants and contractors to implement these and other tasks going forward. If
we are not able to effectively expand our organization by hiring new employees and expanding our use of consultants and contractors,
we may be unable to successfully implement the tasks necessary to effectively execute on our planned research, development, manufacturing
and commercialization activities and, accordingly, may not achieve our research, development and commercialization goals. 

54 

We face liability for
previously restated financial statements and/or certain actions of our prior management which led to such restatements. 

We filed a Current Report
on Form 8-K on December 31, 2020 and another Current Report on Form 8-K on February 3, 2021, where we announced that due to matters we
discovered which related to KBL, prior to the Business Combination, certain historical financial statements were unreliable. As a result,
we restated our financial statements for the three and six months ended June 30, 2020 and for the three and nine months ended September
30, 2020, because of errors in such financial statements which were identified after such financial statements were filed with the SEC
in our original quarterly reports for the quarters ended June 30, 2020 and September 30, 2020. While we believe these restatements are
the result of the actions of, and are the responsibility of, the management of KBL (none of whom remain employed by the Company), we
may be subject to stockholder litigation, SEC actions, fines and penalties, rating downgrades, negative publicity and difficulties in
attracting and retaining key clients, employees and management personnel as a result of such restatements. Additionally, our securities
may trade at prices lower than similarly situated companies which have not had to restate their financial statements. 

Our failure to appropriately
adjust processes resulting from significant one-time transactions may result in a misstatement in the financial statements. 

In the course of our annual audit but prior to filing, we discovered
that an error occurred which caused the fair value of our public warrants to be overstated by an immaterial amount. This error was corrected
before the 2022 financial statements were filed. While we believe that the fair value of warrants in the financial statements for the
year ended December 31, 2022 are correctly stated, it is possible that similar errors which could have a material adverse effect on our
financial condition and results of operations, could require us to restate our financial statements for prior periods or in the future.

Operating results may
vary significantly in future periods. 

Our financial results are
unpredictable and may fluctuate, for among other reasons, due to commercial sales of our future product candidates; our achievement of
product development objectives and milestones; clinical trial enrollment and expenses; research and development expenses; and the timing
and nature of contract manufacturing and contract research payments. A high portion of our costs are predetermined on an annual basis,
due in part to our significant research and development costs. Thus, small declines in future revenue could disproportionately affect
financial results in a quarter. 

We depend on our key
personnel and our ability to attract and retain employees. 

Our future growth and success
depend on our ability to recruit, retain, manage and motivate our employees. We are highly dependent on our current management and scientific
personnel, including our Chief Executive Officer, Dr. James N. Woody, our Co-Chairmen, Sir Marc Feldmann, Ph.D., and Lawrence Steinman,
M.D., our Chief Scientific Officer, Jonathan Rothbard, Ph.D., and our scientist, Jagdeep Nanchahal. The inability to hire or retain experienced
management personnel could adversely affect our ability to execute our business plan and harm our operating results. Due to the specialized
scientific and managerial nature of our business, we rely heavily on our ability to attract and retain qualified scientific, technical
and managerial personnel. The competition for qualified personnel in the biotechnological field is intense and we may be unable to continue
to attract and retain qualified personnel necessary for the development of our business or to recruit suitable replacement personnel. 

55 

Problems in our manufacturing
process for our future chemical entities, failure to comply with manufacturing regulations or unexpected increases in our manufacturing
costs could harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

We are responsible for the
manufacture and supply of our future product candidates in the CBD derivatives and 7nAChR programs for commercial use and for
use in clinical trials. The manufacturing of our future product candidates necessitates compliance with GMPs and other regulatory requirements
in international jurisdictions. Our ability to successfully manufacture our future product candidates will involve manufacture of finished
products and labeling and packaging, which includes product information, tamper proof evidence and anti-counterfeit features, under tightly
controlled processes and procedures. In addition, we will have to ensure chemical consistency among our batches, including clinical trial
batches and, if approved, marketing batches. Demonstrating such consistency may require typical manufacturing controls as well as clinical
data. We will also have to ensure that our batches conform to complex release specifications. If we are unable to manufacture our future
product candidates in accordance with regulatory specifications, or if there are disruptions in our manufacturing process due to damage,
loss or otherwise, or failure to pass regulatory inspections of our manufacturing facilities, we may not be able to meet demand or supply
sufficient product for use in clinical trials, and this may also harm our ability to commercialize our future product candidates on a
timely or cost-competitive basis, if at all. 

We may not develop and expand
our manufacturing capability in time to meet demand for our product candidates, and the FDA, MHRA or other foreign regulatory authorities
may not accept our facilities or those of our contract manufacturers as being suitable for the production of our products and product
candidates. Any problems in our manufacturing process could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial
condition. 

Our memorandum of understanding
with Celltrion Healthcare may not result in the parties entering into a definitive agreement. 

In September 2021, we entered
into a non-binding memorandum of understanding with Celltrion Healthcare, a biopharmaceutical company, for the supply of an anti-TNF
biosimilar drug used in our ongoing development of anti-TNF products. The parties have not entered into a definitive agreement regarding
such relationship to date, and such definitive agreement may not ultimately be entered into on terms contemplated, if at all. In the
event that we are unable to come to mutually agreeable definitive terms with Celltrion Healthcare, we will need to locate an alternative
supplier of the anti-TNF biosimilar drug, and we may be unable to find an alternative supplier or such alternative supplier may require
less favorable terms than are currently contemplated. Any of the above may materially adversely affect our business, results of operations
and financial condition. 

We expect to face intense
competition from companies with greater resources and experience than we have; and may face competition from competitors seeking to market
our products under a Section 505(b)(2) application. 

The pharmaceutical industry
is highly competitive and subject to rapid change. The industry continues to expand and evolve as an increasing number of competitors
and potential competitors enter the market. Many of these competitors and potential competitors have substantially greater financial,
technological, managerial and research and development resources and experience than our company. Some of these competitors and potential
competitors have more experience than our company in the development of pharmaceutical products, including validation procedures and
regulatory matters. In addition, our future product candidates, if successfully developed, will compete with product offerings from large
and well-established companies that have greater marketing and sales experience and capabilities than our company or our collaboration
partners have. In particular, Insys Therapeutics, Inc. is developing CBD in Infantile Spasms IS ), and potentially
other indications. Zogenix, Inc. has reported positive data in two Phase 3 trials of low dose fenfluramine in Dravet syndrome and has
commenced a Phase 3 trial with this product in Lennox Gastaut Syndrome. Biocodex recently received regulatory approval from the FDA for
the drug Stiripentol (Diacomit) for the treatment of Dravet syndrome. Other companies with greater resources than our company may
announce similar plans in the future. In addition, there are non-FDA approved CBD preparations being made available from companies in
the medical marijuana industry, which might attempt to compete with our future product candidates. 

56 

Many of our competitors have
significantly greater financial and technical resources, experience and expertise in: 

research and development; 

preclinical testing; 

designing and implementing clinical
 trials; 

regulatory processes and approvals; 

production and manufacturing; and 

sales and marketing of approved products. 

Principal competitive factors
in our industry include: 

the quality and breadth of an organization s
 technology; 

management of the organization and
 the execution of the organization s strategy; 

the skill and experience of an organization s
 employees and its ability to recruit and retain skilled and experienced employees; 

an organization s intellectual
 property portfolio; 

the range of capabilities, from target
 identification and validation to drug discovery and development to manufacturing and marketing;
 and 

the availability of substantial capital
 resources to fund discovery, development and commercialization activities. 

Additionally, competitors
may also seek to market versions of our drug products via a section 505(b)(2) application, which is a type of somewhat abbreviated
NDA. NDA Section 505(b)(2) applications may be submitted for drug products that represent a modification, such as a new indication
or new dosage form, of a previously approved drug. Section 505(b)(2) applications may rely on the FDA s previous findings
for the safety and effectiveness of the previously approved drug in addition to information obtained by the 505(b)(2) applicant
to support the modification of the previously approved drug. Preparing Section 505(b)(2) applications may be less costly and less
time-consuming than preparing an NDA based entirely on new data and information. Section 505(b)(2) applications are subject to the
same patent certification procedures as an ANDA. 

If we are unable to compete
successfully, our commercial opportunities will be reduced and our business, results of operations and financial conditions may be materially
harmed. 

57 

Our future product
candidates, if approved, may be unable to achieve the expected market acceptance and, consequently, limit our ability to generate revenue
from new products. 

Even when product development
is successful and regulatory approval has been obtained, our ability to generate sufficient revenue depends on the acceptance of our
products by physicians and patients. We cannot assure you that any of our future product candidates will achieve the expected level of
market acceptance and revenue if and when they obtain the requisite regulatory approvals. The market acceptance of any product depends
on a number of factors, including the indication statement, warnings required by regulatory authorities in the product label and new
competing products. Market acceptance can also be influenced by continued demonstration of efficacy and safety in commercial use, physicians 
willingness to prescribe the product, reimbursement from third-party payors such as government health care programs and private third-party
payors, the price of the product, the nature of any post-approval risk management activities mandated by regulatory authorities, competition,
and marketing and distribution support. Further, our U.S. distribution depends on the adequate performance of a reimbursement support
hub and contracted specialty pharmacies in a closed-distribution network. An ineffective or inefficient U.S. distribution model at launch
may lead to inability to fulfill demand, and consequently a loss of revenue. The success and acceptance of a product in one country may
be negatively affected by its activities in another. If we fail to adapt our approach to clinical trials in the U.S. market to meet the
needs of EMA, MHRA or other European regulatory authorities, or to generate the health economics and outcomes research data needed to
support pricing and reimbursement negotiations or decisions in Europe, we may have difficulties obtaining marketing authorization for
our products from EMA/European Commission or the MHRA and may have difficulties obtaining pricing and reimbursement approval for our
products at a national level. Any factors preventing or limiting the market acceptance of our products could have a material adverse
effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

All of our patents
in the Anti-TNF and Fibrosis program are method of use patents, which may result in biosimilar drugs being used without our permission. 

The success of our most advanced
drug development platform depends on the enforceability of our method of use patents, as there are currently many biosimilar anti-TNF
drugs in the market. If we are unable to obtain composition of matter patents, and enforce such patents, our ability to generate revenue
from the anti-TNF platform may be significantly limited and competitors may be able to use our research to bring competing drugs to market
which would reduce our market share. 

The majority of our
license agreements provide the licensors and/or counter-parties the right to use and/or exploit such licensed intellectual property. 

The majority of our license
agreements provide the licensors and/or counter-parties the right to use and/or exploit such licensed intellectual property, and in some
cases provide them ownership of such intellectual property, know-how and research results. As such, we may be in competition with parties
who we have license agreements with, will likely not have the sole right to monetize, sell or distribute our product candidates and may
be subject to restrictions on use and territory of sales. Any or all of the above may have a material adverse effect on our results of
operations and cash flows and ultimately the value of our securities. 

Interim, topline and
preliminary data from our clinical trials may change as more patient data becomes available, and is subject to audit and verification
procedures that could result in material changes in the final data. 

From time to time, we may
publicly disclose preliminary, interim or topline data from our preclinical studies and clinical trials, which is based on a preliminary
analysis of then-available data, and the results and related findings and conclusions are subject to change as patient enrollment and
treatment continues and more patient data become available. For example, any positive results from our preclinical testing, Phase 1 and
Phase 2 clinical trials of our product candidate for any product candidate may not necessarily be predictive of the results from planned
or future clinical trials for such product candidates. Many companies in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries have suffered
significant setbacks in clinical trials after achieving positive results in pre-clinical and early clinical development, and we cannot
be certain that we will not face similar setbacks. These setbacks have been caused by, among other things, pre-clinical findings while
clinical trials were underway or safety or efficacy observations in clinical trials, including adverse events. Adverse differences between
previous preliminary or interim data and future interim or final data could significantly harm our business prospects. We may also announce
topline data following the completion of a preclinical study or clinical trial, which may be subject to change following a more comprehensive
review of the data related to the particular study or trial. We also make assumptions, estimations, calculations and conclusions as part
of our analyses of data, and we may not have received or had the opportunity to fully and carefully evaluate all data. As a result, the
interim, topline or preliminary results that we report may differ from future results of the same studies, or different conclusions or
considerations may qualify such results, once additional data has been received and fully evaluated. Preliminary, interim, or topline
data also remains subject to audit and verification procedures that may result in the final data being materially different from the
data we previously published. As a result, preliminary, interim, and topline data should be viewed with caution until the final data
is available. 

58 

Further, others, including
regulatory agencies, may not accept or agree with our assumptions, estimates, calculations, conclusions or analyses or may interpret
or weigh the importance of data differently, which could impact the value of the particular program, the approvability or commercialization
of the particular product candidate or product and our company in general. In addition, the information we choose to publicly disclose
regarding a particular study or clinical trial is based on what is typically extensive information, and you or others may not agree with
what we determine to be material or otherwise appropriate information to include in our disclosure. Moreover, our interpretation of clinical
data or our conclusions based on the preclinical in vitro and in vivo models may prove inaccurate, as preclinical and clinical data can
be susceptible to varying interpretations and analyses, and many companies that believed their product candidates performed satisfactorily
in preclinical studies and clinical trials nonetheless failed to obtain FDA approval or a marketing authorization granted by the European
Commission. 

If we fail to produce positive
results in our future clinical trials, the development timeline and regulatory approval and commercialization prospects for such product
candidates, and, correspondingly, our business and financial prospects, would be materially adversely affected. 

We have limited marketing
experience, and we may not be able to successfully commercialize any of our future product candidates, even if they are approved in the
future. 

Our ability to generate revenues
ultimately will depend on our ability to sell our approved products and secure adequate third-party reimbursement. We currently have
no experience in marketing and selling our products. The commercial success of our future products depends on a number of factors beyond
our control, including the willingness of physicians to prescribe our future products to patients, payors willingness and ability
to pay for our future products, the level of pricing achieved, patients response to our future products, and the ability of our
future marketing partners to generate sales. There can be no guarantee that we will be able to establish or maintain the personnel, systems,
arrangements and capabilities necessary to successfully commercialize our future products or any product candidate approved by the FDA,
MHRA or other regulatory authority in the future. If we fail to establish or maintain successful marketing, sales and reimbursement capabilities
or fail to enter into successful marketing arrangements with third parties, our product revenues may suffer. 

If the price for any
of our future approved products decreases or if governmental and other third-party payors do not provide coverage and adequate reimbursement
levels, our revenue and prospects for profitability will suffer. 

Patients who are prescribed
medicine for the treatment of their conditions generally rely on third-party payors to reimburse all or part of the costs associated
with their prescription drugs. Reimbursement systems in international markets vary significantly by country and by region, and reimbursement
approvals generally must be obtained on a country-by-country basis. Coverage and adequate reimbursement from governmental healthcare
programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid, and commercial payors is critical to new product acceptance. Coverage decisions may depend upon
clinical and economic standards that disfavor new drug products when more established or lower cost therapeutic alternatives are already
available or subsequently become available. Even if we obtain coverage for our future product candidates, the resulting reimbursement
payment rates may require co-payments that patients find unacceptably high. Patients may not use our future product candidates if coverage
is not provided or reimbursement is inadequate to cover a significant portion of a patient s cost. 

In addition, the market for
our future product candidates in the U.S. will depend significantly on access to third-party payors drug formularies, or lists
of medications for which third-party payors provide coverage and reimbursement. The industry competition to be included in such formularies
often leads to downward pricing pressures on pharmaceutical companies. Also, third-party payors may refuse to include a particular branded
drug in their formularies or otherwise restrict patient access to a branded drug when a less costly generic equivalent or other alternative
is available. 

59 

Third-party payors, whether
foreign or domestic, or governmental or commercial, are developing increasingly sophisticated methods of controlling healthcare costs.
The current environment is putting pressure on companies to price products below what they may feel is appropriate. Our future revenues
and overall success could be negatively impacted if we sell future product candidates at less than an optimized price. In addition, in
the U.S., no uniform policy of coverage and reimbursement for drug products exists among third-party payors. Therefore, coverage and
reimbursement for our future product candidates may differ significantly from payor to payor. As a result, the coverage determination
process is often a time-consuming and costly process that will require us to provide scientific and clinical support for the use of our
future product candidates to each payor separately, with no assurance that coverage will be obtained. If we are unable to obtain coverage
of, and adequate payment levels for, our future product candidates, physicians may limit how much or under what circumstances they will
prescribe or administer them and patients may decline to purchase them. This could affect our ability to successfully commercialize our
product candidates, and thereby adversely impact our profitability, results of operations, financial condition and future success. 

In addition, where we have
chosen to collaborate with a third party on product candidate development and commercialization, our partner may elect to reduce the
price of our products to increase the likelihood of obtaining reimbursement approvals. In many countries, products cannot be commercially
launched until reimbursement is approved and the negotiation process in some countries can exceed 12 months. In addition, pricing and
reimbursement decisions in certain countries can be affected by decisions made in other countries, which can lead to mandatory price
reductions and/or additional reimbursement restrictions across a number of other countries, which may adversely affect sales and profitability.
In the event that countries impose prices that are not sufficient to allow us or our partners to generate a profit, our partners may
refuse to launch the product in such countries or withdraw the product from the market, which would adversely affect sales and profitability. 

Business interruptions
could delay us in the process of developing our future product candidates and could disrupt our product sales. 

Loss of our future manufacturing
facilities, stored inventory or laboratory facilities through fire, theft or other causes, could have an adverse effect on our ability
to meet demand for our future product candidates or to continue product development activities and to conduct our business. Failure to
supply our partners with commercial products may lead to adverse consequences, including the right of partners to assume responsibility
for product supply. Even if we obtain insurance coverage to compensate us for such business interruptions, such coverage may prove insufficient
to fully compensate us for the damage to our business resulting from any significant property or casualty loss to our inventory. 

If product liability
lawsuits are successfully brought against us, we will incur substantial liabilities and may be required to limit the commercialization
of our future product candidates. 

Although we have never had
any product liability claims or lawsuits brought against us, we face potential product liability exposure related to the testing of our
future product candidates in human clinical trials, and we will face exposure to claims in jurisdictions where we market and distribute
in the future. We may face exposure to claims by an even greater number of persons when we begin marketing and distributing our products
commercially in the U.S. and elsewhere. In the future, an individual may bring a liability claim against us alleging that one of our
future product candidates caused an injury. While we plan to take what we believe are appropriate precautions, we may be unable to avoid
significant liability if any product liability lawsuit is brought against us. Large judgments have been awarded in class action
or individual lawsuits based on drugs that had unanticipated side effects. Although we plan to purchase insurance to cover product liability
lawsuits, if we cannot successfully defend our company against product liability claims, or if such insurance coverage is inadequate,
we will incur substantial liabilities. Regardless of merit or eventual outcome, liability claims may result in decreased demand for our
products, reputational damage, withdrawal of clinical trial participation participants, litigation costs, product recall costs, monetary
awards, increased costs for liability insurance, lost revenues and business interruption. 

60 

Our employees may have
previously engaged, and/or may in the future engage, in misconduct or other improper activities, including noncompliance with regulatory
standards and legal requirements. 

We are exposed to the risk
of employee fraud or other misconduct. Misconduct by employees could include intentional failures to comply with FDA, SEC or Office of
Inspector General regulations, or regulations of any other applicable regulatory authority, failure to provide accurate information to
the FDA or the SEC, failure to disclose accurate information in SEC filings, failure to comply with applicable manufacturing standards,
other federal, state or foreign laws and regulations, report information or data accurately or disclose unauthorized activities. Employee
misconduct could also involve the improper use of information, including information obtained in the course of clinical trials, or illegal
appropriation of drug product, which could result in government investigations and serious harm to our reputation. Despite our adoption
of a Code of Ethics, employee misconduct is not always possible to identify and deter. The precautions we take to detect and prevent
these prohibited activities may not be effective in controlling unknown or unmanaged risks or losses or in protecting us from governmental
investigations or other actions or lawsuits stemming from a failure to be in compliance with such laws or regulations. If any such actions
are instituted against our company, and we are not successful in defending our company or asserting our rights, those actions could have
a significant impact on our business, including the imposition of significant fines or other sanctions. 

We are subject to the
U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and other anti-corruption laws, as well as export control laws, customs laws, sanctions laws and other
laws governing our operations. If we fail to comply with these laws, we could be subject to civil or criminal penalties, other remedial
measures, and legal expenses, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Our operations are subject
to anti-corruption laws, including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act FCPA ), and other anti-corruption laws
that apply in countries in which we do business. The FCPA and these other laws generally prohibit our company and our employees and intermediaries
from bribing, being bribed or making other prohibited payments to government officials or other persons to obtain or retain business
or gain some other business advantage. We and our commercial partners operate in a number of jurisdictions that pose a high risk of potential
FCPA violations, and we participate in collaborations and relationships with third parties whose actions could potentially subject us
to liability under the FCPA or local anti-corruption laws. In addition, we cannot predict the nature, scope or effect of future regulatory
requirements to which our international operations might be subject or the manner in which existing laws might be administered or interpreted. 

We are also subject to other
laws and regulations governing our international operations, including regulations administered by the governments of the U.S., Canada,
Israel, the U.K. and authorities in the EU, including applicable export control regulations, economic sanctions on countries and persons,
customs requirements and currency exchange regulations, collectively referred to as the Trade Control Laws. 

However, there is no assurance
that we will be completely effective in ensuring our compliance with all applicable anti-corruption laws, including the FCPA or other
legal requirements, including Trade Control Laws. If we are not in compliance with the FCPA and other anti-corruption laws or Trade Control
Laws, we may be subject to criminal and civil penalties, disgorgement and other sanctions and remedial measures, and legal expenses,
which could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and liquidity. Likewise, any investigation
of any potential violations of the FCPA, other anti-corruption laws by the U.S. or other authorities could also have an adverse impact
on our reputation, business, financial condition and results of operations. 

61 

Security breaches,
loss of data and other disruptions could compromise sensitive information related to our business, prevent us from accessing critical
information or expose us to liability, which could adversely affect our business and our reputation. 

In the ordinary course of
business, we expect to collect and store sensitive data, including legally protected patient health information, credit card information,
personally identifiable information about our employees, intellectual property, and proprietary business information. The secure processing,
storage, maintenance and transmission of this critical information is vital to our operations and business strategy, and we devote significant
resources to protecting such information. Although we take measures to protect sensitive information from unauthorized access or disclosure,
our information technology and infrastructure may be vulnerable to attacks by hackers, or viruses, breaches or interruptions due to employee
error, malfeasance or other disruptions, or lapses in compliance with privacy and security mandates. Any such virus, breach or interruption
could compromise our networks and the information stored there could be accessed by unauthorized parties, publicly disclosed, lost or
stolen. We have measures in place that are designed to prevent, and if necessary, to detect and respond to such security incidents and
breaches of privacy and security mandates. However, in the future, any such access, disclosure or other loss of information could result
in legal claims or proceedings, liability under laws that protect the privacy of personal information, such as HIPAA and European Union
General Data Protection Regulation GDPR ), government enforcement actions and regulatory penalties. Unauthorized
access, loss or dissemination could also disrupt our operations, including our ability to process samples, provide test results, share
and monitor safety data, bill payors or patients, provide customer support services, conduct research and development activities, process
and prepare company financial information, manage various general and administrative aspects of our business and may damage our reputation,
any of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

GDPR, which applies to all
EU member states includes substantial fines for breaches of the data protection rules and may require us to put in place additional mechanisms
ensuring compliance with the new and changing data protection rules. GDPR is a complex law and the regulatory guidance is still evolving,
including with respect to how GDPR should be applied in the context of clinical trials or other transactions from which we may gain access
to personal data. GDPR increases our costs of compliance and results in greater legal risks. 

Our research and development
programs and product candidates are in development. As a result, we are unable to predict if or when we will successfully develop or
commercialize our product candidates. 

Our clinical-stage product
candidates as well as our other drug pipeline candidates will require significant further investment and regulatory approvals prior to
commercialization. Each of our product candidates will require clinical trial designs that meet the standards and requirements of FDA,
MHRA or other comparable foreign regulatory authorities, the selection of suitable end points and patients for our clinical trials and
additional clinical development, management of clinical, preclinical and manufacturing activities, obtaining regulatory approval, obtaining
manufacturing supply, building of a commercial organization, substantial investment and significant marketing efforts before we generate
any revenues from product sales. We are not permitted to market or promote any of our product candidates before we receive regulatory
approval from the FDA, MHRA or other comparable foreign regulatory authorities, and we may never receive such regulatory approval for
any of our product candidates. By such time, if ever, as we may receive necessary regulatory approvals for our product candidates, the
standard of care for the treatment of diseases associated with our product candidates may have evolved such that it would be necessary
to modify our plans for full approval and commercial acceptance of our products may be limited by a change in the standard of care. 

Even if we obtain the required
financing or establish a collaboration to enable us to conduct late-stage clinical development of our product candidates and pipeline
assets, we cannot be certain that such clinical development would be successful, or that we will obtain regulatory approval or be able
to successfully commercialize any of our product candidates and generate revenue. Success in preclinical testing and early clinical trials
does not ensure that later clinical trials will be successful, and the clinical trial process may fail to demonstrate that our product
candidates are safe and effective for their proposed uses. Any such failure could cause us to abandon further development of any one
or more of our product candidates and may delay development of other product candidates. Product candidates in later stages of clinical
trials may fail to show the desired safety and efficacy traits despite having progressed through preclinical studies and initial clinical
trials. Any delay in, or termination of, our clinical trials will delay and possibly preclude the submission of any NDAs with the FDA,
Marketing Authorisation Applications (MAA) or Conditional Marketing Authorisations (CMA) with the MHRA, or similar authorizations with
other foreign regulatory agencies, and, ultimately, our ability to commercialize our product candidates and generate product revenue. 

We have not previously submitted
an NDA to the FDA, or MAA or CMA to the MHRA, or similar drug approval filings to comparable foreign authorities, for any product candidate,
and we cannot be certain that any of our product candidates will receive regulatory approval. Further, our product candidates may not
receive regulatory approval even if they are successful in clinical trials. If we do not receive regulatory approvals for our product
candidates, we may not be able to continue our operations. Even if we successfully obtain regulatory approvals to market one or more
of our product candidates, our revenues will be dependent, in part, upon our or our collaborators and future collaborators 
ability to obtain regulatory approval for the companion diagnostics to be used with our product candidates, if required, and upon the
size of the markets in the territories for which we gain regulatory approval and have commercial rights. If the markets for patient subsets
that we are targeting are not as significant as we estimate, we may not generate significant revenues from sales of such products, if
approved. 

62 

Further, even if any product
candidate we develop was to receive marketing approval or be commercialized for use in combination with other existing therapies, we
would continue to bear the risks that the FDA, MHRA or other similar foreign regulatory authorities could revoke approval of the therapy
used in combination with our product candidate or that safety, efficacy, manufacturing or supply issues could arise with these existing
therapies. 

The successful commercialization
of our product candidates, if approved, will depend on achieving market acceptance and we may not be able to gain sufficient acceptance
to generate significant revenue. 

Even if our product candidates
are successfully developed and receive regulatory approval, they may not gain market acceptance among physicians, patients, healthcare
payors such as private insurers or governments and other funding parties and the medical community. The degree of market acceptance for
any of our products will depend on a number of factors, including: 

demonstration of the clinical
 efficacy and safety of our products; 

the prevalence and severity
 of any adverse side effects; 

limitations or warnings
 contained in the product s approved labeling; 

cost-effectiveness and
 availability of acceptable pricing; 

competitive product profile
 versus alternative treatment methods and the superiority of alternative treatment or therapeutics; 

the effectiveness of marketing
 and distribution methods and support for the products; and 

the availability of coverage
 and adequate reimbursement from third-party payors to the extent that our products receive regulatory approval. 

Disease indications may be
small subsets of a disease that could be parsed into smaller and smaller indications as different subsets of diseases are defined. This
increasingly fine characterization of diseases could have negative consequences; including creating an approved indication that is so
small as not to have a viable market for us. If future technology allows characterization of a disease in a way that is different from
the characterization used for large pivotal studies, it may make those studies invalid or reduce their usefulness, and may require repeating
all or a portion of the studies. Future technology may supply better prognostic ability which could reduce the portion of patients projected
to need a new therapy. Even after being cleared by regulatory authorities, a product may later be shown to be unsafe or not to have its
purported effect, thereby preventing its widespread use or requiring withdrawal from the market. 

We may not be successful
in establishing development and commercialization collaborations which could adversely affect, and potentially prohibit, our ability
to develop our product candidates. 

Developing pharmaceutical
products, conducting clinical trials, obtaining regulatory approval, establishing manufacturing capabilities and marketing approved products
is expensive, and therefore we have, and may in the future, seek to enter into collaborations with companies that have more resources
and experience in order to continue to develop and commercialize our product candidates. We also may be required due to financial or
scientific constraints to enter into additional collaboration agreements to research and/or to develop and commercialize our product
candidates. The establishment and realization of such collaborations may not be possible or may be problematic. There can be no assurance
that we will be able to establish such additional collaborations on favorable terms, if at all, or that our current or future collaborative
arrangements will be successful or maintained for any specific product candidate or indication. If we are unable to reach successful
agreements with suitable collaboration partners for the ongoing development and commercialization of our product candidates, we may face
increased costs, we may be forced to limit the scope and number of our product candidates we can commercially develop or the territories
in which we commercialize such product candidates, and we may be unable to commercialize products or programs for which a suitable collaboration
partner cannot be found. If we fail to achieve successful collaborations, our operating results and financial condition will be materially
and adversely affected. 

63 

In addition, the terms of
any collaboration agreements may place restrictions on our activities with respect to other products, including by limiting our ability
to grant licenses or develop products with other third parties, or in different indications, diseases or geographical locations, or may
place additional obligations on us with respect to development or commercialization of our product candidates. If we fail to comply with
or breach any provision of a collaboration agreement, a collaborator may have the right to terminate, in whole or in part, such agreement
or to seek damages. 

Our collaboration and licensing
agreements are, and may in the future be, complex and involve sharing or division of ownership of certain data, know-how and intellectual
property rights among the various parties. Accordingly, our collaborators could interpret certain provisions differently than we or our
other collaborators which could lead to unexpected or inadvertent disputes with collaborators. In addition, these agreements might make
additional collaborations, partnering or mergers and acquisitions difficult. 

There is no assurance that
a collaborator who is acquired by a third party would not attempt to change certain contract provisions that could negatively affect
our collaboration. The acquiring company may also not accept the terms or assignment of our contracts and may seek to terminate the agreements.
Any one of our collaborators could breach covenants, restrictions and/or sub-license agreement provisions leading us into disputes and
potential breaches of our agreements with other partners. 

We will not be able
to successfully commercialize our product candidates without establishing sales and marketing capabilities internally or through collaborators. 

We may not be able to find
suitable sales and marketing staff and collaborators for all of our product candidates. The development of a marketing and sales capability
will require significant expenditures, management resources and time. The cost of establishing such a sales force may exceed any potential
product revenue, or our marketing and sales efforts may be unsuccessful. If we are unable to develop an internal marketing and sales
capability in a timely fashion, or at all, or if we are unable to enter into a marketing and sales arrangement with a third party on
acceptable terms, we may be unable to effectively market and sell approved products, if any, which would prevent us from being able to
generate revenue and attain profitability. Further, we may not develop an internal marketing and sales capability if we are unable to
successfully develop and seek regulatory approval for our product candidates. 

We will rely upon third-party
contractors and service providers for the execution of some aspects of our development programs. Failure of these collaborators to provide
services of a suitable quality and within acceptable timeframes may cause the delay or failure of our development programs. 

We outsource certain functions,
tests and services to third parties, partners, medical institutions and collaborators and plan to outsource manufacturing to collaborators
and/or contract manufacturers, and we will rely on third parties for quality assurance, clinical monitoring, clinical data management
and regulatory expertise. In particular, we rely on our partners to run our clinical trials. There is no assurance that such individuals
or organizations will be able to provide the functions, tests, drug supply or services as agreed upon or to acceptable quality standards,
and we could suffer significant delays in the development of our products or processes. In particular, certain third-party service providers
may be unable to comply with their contractual obligations to us due to disruptions caused by the COVID-19 pandemic, including reduced
operations or headcount reductions, or otherwise, and in certain cases we may have limited recourse if the non-compliance is due to factors
outside of the service provider s control. 

Our business is highly
dependent on the success of our product candidates. If we are unable to successfully complete clinical development, obtain regulatory
approval for or commercialize one or more of our product candidates, or if we experience delays in doing so, our business will be materially
harmed. 

Our future success and ability
to generate significant revenue from our product candidates, which we do not expect will occur for several years, is dependent on our
ability to successfully develop, obtain regulatory approval for and commercialize one or more of our product candidates, including our
Dupuytren s Contracture product candidate, which has recently completed a successful Phase 2b clinical trial in the U.K., a condition
that affects the development of fibrous connective tissue in the palm of the hand. All of our other product candidates are in earlier
stages of development and will require substantial additional investment for manufacturing, preclinical testing, clinical development,
regulatory review and approval in one or more jurisdictions. If any of our product candidates encounter safety or efficacy problems,
development delays or regulatory issues or other problems, our development plans and business would be materially harmed. 

64 

We may not have the financial
resources to continue development of our product candidates. Even if clinical trials are completed, we may experience other issues that
may delay or prevent regulatory approval of, or our ability to commercialize, our product candidates, including: 

inability to demonstrate
 to the satisfaction of the FDA, MHRA or other comparable foreign regulatory authorities that our product candidates are safe and
 effective; 

insufficiency of our financial
 and other resources to complete the necessary clinical trials and preclinical studies; 

negative or inconclusive
 results from our clinical trials, preclinical studies or the clinical trials of others for product candidates that are similar to
 ours, leading to a decision or requirement to conduct additional clinical trials or preclinical studies or abandon a program; 

product-related adverse
 events experienced by subjects in our clinical trials, including unexpected toxicity results, or by individuals using drugs or therapeutic
 biologics similar to our product candidates; 

delays in submitting an
 Investigational New Drug application, or IND, or comparable foreign applications or delays or failure in obtaining the necessary
 approvals from regulators to commence a clinical trial or a suspension or termination, or hold, of a clinical trial once commenced; 

conditions imposed by the
 FDA, the EMA, MHRA or other comparable foreign regulatory authorities regarding the scope or design of our clinical trials; 

poor effectiveness of our
 product candidates during clinical trials; 

better than expected performance
 of control arms, such as placebo groups, which could lead to negative or inconclusive results from our clinical trials; 

delays in enrolling subjects
 in clinical trials; 

65 

high drop-out rates of
 subjects from clinical trials; 

inadequate supply or quality
 of product candidates or other materials necessary for the conduct of our clinical trials; 

greater than anticipated
 clinical trial or manufacturing costs; 

unfavorable FDA, EMA, MHRA
 or other comparable regulatory authority inspection and review of a clinical trial site; 

failure of our third-party
 contractors or investigators to comply with regulatory requirements or the clinical trial protocol or otherwise meet their contractual
 obligations in a timely manner, or at all; 

unfavorable FDA, EMA, MHRA
 or other comparable regulatory authority inspection and review of manufacturing facilities or inability of those facilities to maintain
 a compliance status acceptable to the FDA, EMA or comparable regulatory authorities; 

delays and changes in regulatory
 requirements, policy and guidelines, including the imposition of additional regulatory oversight around clinical testing generally
 or with respect to our therapies in particular; or 

Varying interpretations
 of data by the FDA, EMA, MHRA and other comparable foreign regulatory authorities. 

Our product candidates will
require additional, time-consuming development efforts prior to commercial sale, including preclinical studies, clinical trials and approval
by the FDA, EMA, MHRA and/or other applicable foreign regulatory authorities. All product candidates are prone to the risks of failure
that are inherent in pharmaceutical product development, including the possibility that such product candidate will not be shown to be
sufficiently safe and effective for approval by regulatory authorities. In addition, we cannot assure stockholders that any such products
that are approved will be manufactured or produced economically, successfully commercialized or widely accepted in the marketplace or
be more effective than other commercially available alternatives. 

Due to the significant
resources required for the development of our product pipeline, and depending on our ability to access capital, we must prioritize the
development of certain product candidates over others. Moreover, we may fail to expend our limited resources on product candidates or
indications that may have been more profitable or for which there is a greater likelihood of success. 

We have three separate programs
for producing anti-inflammatory agents: (1) investigating new clinical opportunities for anti-TNF, (2) identifying orally available,
small molecules that are agonists of 7 nicotinic acetylcholine receptor, and (3) identifying patentable analogs of CBD that
initially will be used as pain medications, that are at various stages of preclinical development. Due to the significant resources required
for the development of our product candidates, we must focus on specific diseases and disease pathways and decide which product candidates
to pursue and advance and the amount of resources to allocate to each. Our decisions concerning the allocation of research, development,
collaboration, management and financial resources toward particular product candidates or therapeutic areas may not lead to the development
of any viable commercial products and may divert resources away from better opportunities. If we make incorrect determinations regarding
the viability or market potential of any of our product candidates or misinterpret trends in the pharmaceutical industry, our business,
financial condition, and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. As a result, we may (i) fail to capitalize
on viable commercial products or profitable market opportunities, (ii) be required to forego or delay pursuit of opportunities with
other product candidates or other diseases and disease pathways that may later prove to have greater commercial potential than those
we choose to pursue, or (iii) relinquish valuable rights to such product candidates through collaboration, licensing, or other royalty
arrangements in cases in which it would have been advantageous for us to invest additional resources to retain sole development and commercialization
rights. 

66 

The timelines of our
clinical trials may be impacted by numerous factors and any delays may adversely affect our ability to execute our current business strategy. 

Clinical testing is expensive,
difficult to design and implement, can take many years to complete, and is uncertain as to outcome. We may experience delays in clinical
trials at any stage of development and testing of our product candidates. Our planned clinical trials may not begin on time, have an
effective design, enroll a sufficient number of subjects, or be completed on schedule, if at all. 

Events which may result in
a delay or unsuccessful completion of clinical trials include: 

inability to raise funding
 necessary to initiate or continue a trial; 

delays in obtaining regulatory
 approval to commence a trial; 

delays in reaching agreement
 with the FDA, MHRA or other foreign regulators on final trial design; 

imposition of a clinical
 hold following an inspection of our clinical trial operations or trial sites by the FDA, MHRA or other regulatory authorities; 

delays in reaching agreement
 on acceptable terms with prospective CROs and clinical trial sites; 

delays in obtaining required
 institutional review board approval at each site; 

delays in having subjects
 complete participation in a trial or return for post-treatment follow-up; 

delays caused by subjects
 dropping out of a trial due to side effects or otherwise; 

clinical sites dropping
 out of a trial to the detriment of enrollment; 

time required to add new
 clinical sites; and 

delays by our contract
 manufacturers to produce and deliver a sufficient supply of clinical trial materials. 

If initiation or completion
of any of our clinical trials for our product candidates are delayed for any of the above reasons or for other reasons, our development
costs may increase, our approval process could be delayed, any periods after commercial launch and before expiration of patent protection
may be reduced and our competitors may have more time to bring products to market before we do. Any of these events could impair the
commercial potential of our product candidates and could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

67 

Clinical trials of
our product candidates may not uncover all possible adverse effects that patients may experience. 

Clinical trials are conducted
in representative samples of the potential patient population, which may have significant variability. Clinical trials are by design
based on a limited number of subjects and of limited duration for exposure to the product used to determine whether, on a potentially
statistically significant basis, the planned safety and efficacy of any product candidate can be achieved. As with the results of any
statistical sampling, we cannot be sure that all side effects of our product candidates may be uncovered, and it may be the case that
only with a significantly larger number of patients exposed to the product candidate for a longer duration, that a more complete safety
profile is identified. Further, even larger clinical trials may not identify rare serious adverse effects or the duration of such studies
may not be sufficient to identify when those events may occur. Patients treated with our products, if approved, may experience adverse
reactions and it is possible that the FDA, MHRA or other regulatory authorities may ask for additional safety data as a condition of,
or in connection with, our efforts to obtain approval of our product candidates. If safety problems occur or are identified after our
product candidates reach the market, we may, or regulatory authorities may require us to amend the labeling of our products, recall our
products or even withdraw approval for our products. 

Failure can occur at any stage of our drug
development efforts. 

We may experience numerous
unforeseen events during, or as a result of, testing that could delay or prevent us from obtaining regulatory approval for, or commercializing
our drug candidates, including but not limited to: 

regulators or Institutional
 Review Boards (IRBs) may not authorize us to commence a clinical trial or conduct a clinical trial at a prospective trial site; 

conditions may be imposed
 upon us by the FDA and/or MHRA regarding the scope or design of our clinical trials, or we may be required to resubmit our clinical
 trial protocols to IRBs for review due to changes in the regulatory environment; 

the number of subjects
 required for our clinical trials may be larger, patient enrollment may take longer, or patients may drop out of our clinical trials
 at a higher rate than we anticipate; 

we may have to suspend
 or terminate one or more of our clinical trials if we, regulators, or IRBs determine that the participants are being subjected to
 unreasonable health risks; 

our third-party contractors,
 clinical investigators or contractual collaborators may fail to comply with regulatory requirements or fail to meet their contractual
 obligations to us in a timely manner; 

the FDA may not accept
 clinical data from trials that are conducted at clinical sites in countries where the standard of care is potentially different from
 the U.S.; 

our tests may produce negative
 or inconclusive results, and we may decide, or regulators may require us, to conduct additional testing; and 

the costs of our pre-clinical
 and/or clinical trials may be greater than we anticipate. 

We rely on third parties
to conduct our pre-clinical studies and clinical studies and trials, and if they do not perform their obligations to us, we may
not be able to obtain approval for additional indications. 

We do not currently have the ability to independently
conduct pre-clinical studies or clinical studies and trials, and we have to date relied on third parties, such as third-party contract
research and governmental organizations and medical institutions to conduct studies and trials for us. Our reliance on third parties
for development activities reduces our control over these activities. These third parties may not complete activities on schedule or
may not conduct our pre-clinical studies and our clinical studies and trials in accordance with regulatory requirements or our study
design. If these third parties do not successfully carry out their contractual duties or meet expected deadlines, we may be adversely
affected, and our efforts to obtain regulatory approvals for and commercialize indications may be delayed. 

68 

If we conduct studies with
other parties, we may not have control over all decisions associated with that trial. To the extent that we disagree with the other party
on such issues as study design, study timing and the like, it could adversely affect our drug development plans. 

Although we also rely on
third parties to manage the data from our studies and trials, we are responsible for confirming that each of our studies and trials is
conducted in accordance with its general investigational plan and protocol. Moreover, the FDA and foreign regulatory agencies will require
us to comply with applicable regulations and standards, including Good Laboratory Practice (GLP) and Good Clinical Practice (GCP),
for conducting, recording and reporting the results of such studies and trials to assure that the data and the results are credible and
accurate and that the human study and trial participants are adequately protected. Our reliance on third-parties does not relieve us
of these obligations and requirements, and we may fail to obtain regulatory approval for any additional indications if these requirements
are not met. 

We will need to continue to develop and
maintain distribution and production capabilities or relationships to be successful. 

We may not be able to successfully
manufacture any product, either independently or under manufacturing arrangements, if any, with third party manufacturers. Moreover,
if any manufacturer should cease doing business with us or experience delays, shortages of supply or excessive demands on their capacity,
we may not be able to obtain adequate quantities of product in a timely manner, or at all. Manufacturers, and in certain situations their
suppliers, are required to comply with current NDA commitments and current good manufacturing practices (cGMP) requirements enforced
by the FDA, and similar requirements of other countries. The failure by a manufacturer to comply with these requirements could affect
its ability to provide us with products. Although we intend to rely on third-party contract manufacturers, we are ultimately responsible
for ensuring that our products are manufactured in accordance with cGMP. In addition, if, during a preapproval inspection or other inspection
of our third-party manufacturers facility or facilities, the FDA determines that the facility is not in compliance with cGMP,
any of our marketing applications that lists such facility as a manufacturer may not be approved or approval may be delayed until the
facility comes into compliance with cGMP and completes a successful re-inspection by the FDA. 

Any manufacturing problem,
natural disaster, or epidemic, affecting manufacturing facilities, or the loss of a contract manufacturer could be disruptive to our
operations and result in lost sales. Additionally, we will be reliant on third parties to supply the raw materials needed to manufacture
our products. Any reliance on suppliers may involve several risks, including a potential inability to obtain critical materials and reduced
control over production costs, delivery schedules, reliability and quality. Any unanticipated disruption to future contract manufacture
caused by problems at suppliers could delay shipment of products, increase our cost of goods sold and result in lost sales. If our suppliers
were unable to supply us with adequate supply of our drugs, it could have a material adverse effect on our ability to successfully commercialize
our drug candidates. 

If we fail to discover,
develop and commercialize other product candidates, we may be unable to grow our business and our ability to achieve our strategic objectives
would be impaired. In addition, we may also seek to commercialize certain treatments that may not be proprietary to us. 

Although the development
and commercialization of our current product candidates are our initial focus, as part of our long-term growth strategy, we plan to develop
other product candidates. While we believe our planned products may have potential applicability to other uses, we have not conducted
any clinical trials on these other uses and we may not be successful in developing product candidates for other uses. In addition, we
intend to devote capital and resources for basic research to discover and identify additional product candidates. These research programs
require technical, financial and human resources, whether or not any product candidates are ultimately identified. Our research programs
may initially show promise in identifying potential product candidates, yet fail to yield product candidates for clinical development
for many reasons, including the following: 

the research methodology
 used may not be successful in identifying potential product candidates; 

competitors may develop
 alternatives that render our product candidates obsolete; 

69 

product candidates that
 we develop may nevertheless be covered by third parties patents or other exclusive rights; 

a product candidate may,
 on further study, be shown to have harmful side effects or other characteristics that indicate it is unlikely to be effective or
 otherwise does not meet applicable regulatory criteria; 

a product candidate may
 not be capable of being produced in commercial quantities at an acceptable cost, or at all; and 

a product candidate may
 not be accepted as safe and effective by patients, the medical community or third-party payors. 

If we do not achieve
our projected development and commercialization goals within the timeframes we expect, the development and commercialization of our product
candidates may be delayed, and our business and results of operations may be harmed. 

For planning purposes, we
seek to estimate the timing of the accomplishment of various scientific, clinical, regulatory and other product development objectives.
These milestones may include our expectations regarding the commencement or completion of scientific studies and clinical trials, the
submission of regulatory filings, or commercialization objectives. From time to time, we may publicly announce the expected timing of
some of these milestones, such as the completion of an ongoing clinical trial, the initiation of other clinical programs, receipt of
marketing approval or a commercial launch of a product. The potential achievement of many of these milestones may be outside of our control.
Each of these milestones is based on a variety of assumptions which, if not realized as expected, may cause the timing of such potential
achievement of the respective milestones to vary considerably from our estimates, including: 

our available capital resources
 or capital constraints we experience; 

the rate of progress, costs
 and results of our clinical trials and research and development activities, including the extent of scheduling conflicts with participating
 clinicians and collaborators; 

our ability to identify
 and enroll patients who meet clinical trial eligibility criteria; 

our receipt of approvals
 by the FDA, MHRA and other regulatory authorities and the timing thereof; 

70 

clinical outcomes; 

other actions, decisions
 or rules issued by regulators; 

our ability to access sufficient,
 reliable and affordable supplies of materials used in the manufacture of our product candidates; 

the efforts of our collaborators
 with respect to the commercialization of our product candidates; and 

the securing of, costs
 related to, and timing issues associated with, product manufacturing as well as sales and marketing activities. 

If we fail to achieve any
announced milestones in the timeframes we expect, the development and commercialization of our product candidates may be delayed, and
our business and results of operations may be harmed, and it could negatively impact our share price performance. Please see Business 
for more information. 

If we rely on a sole source of supply to
manufacture our products we could be impacted by the viability of our supplier. 

We intend to attempt to source
our products from more than one supplier. We also intend to enter into contracts with any supplier of our products to contractually obligate
them to meet our requirements. However, if we are reliant on a single supplier and that supplier cannot or will not meet our requirements
(for whatever reason), our business could be adversely impacted. 

We may not be able to sufficiently scale-up manufacturing
of our drug candidates. 

We may not be able to successfully
increase in a sufficient manner the manufacturing capacity for our drug candidates, whether in collaboration with third-party manufacturers
or on our own, in a timely or cost-effective manner or at all. If a contract manufacturer makes improvements in the manufacturing process
for our drug candidates, we may not own, or may have to share, the intellectual property rights to those improvements. 

Significant scale-up
of manufacturing may require additional validation studies, which are costly and which the FDA must review and approve. In addition,
quality issues may arise during those scale-up activities because of the inherent properties of a drug candidate itself or of a
drug candidate in combination with other components added during the manufacturing and packaging process, or during shipping and storage
of the finished product or active pharmaceutical ingredients. If we are unable to successfully scale-up manufacture of any of our
drug candidates in sufficient quality and quantity, the development of that drug candidate and regulatory approval or commercial launch
for any resulting drug products may be delayed or there may be a shortage in supply, which could significantly harm our business. 

Our operations are
subject to risks associated with ongoing and potential future global conflicts. 

Currently, there is an ongoing
conflict involving Russia and Ukraine and the war between the two countries continues to evolve as military activity proceeds and additional
sanctions are imposed. The war is increasingly affecting economic and global financial markets and exacerbating ongoing economic challenges,
including issues such as rising inflation and global supply-chain disruption. While we do not believe this conflict currently has a material
impact on our financial accounting and reporting, the degree to which we will be affected in the future largely depends on the nature
and duration of uncertain and unpredictable events, and our business could be impacted. Furthermore, future global conflicts or wars
could create further economic challenges, including, but not limited to, increases in inflation and further global supply-chain disruption.
Consequently, the ongoing Russia/Ukraine conflict and/or other future global conflicts could result in an increase in operating expenses
and/or a decrease in any future revenue and could further have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and cash flow. 

71 

Risks Related to Development and Regulatory Approval of our Future
Product Candidates 

Clinical trials are
expensive, time-consuming, uncertain and susceptible to change, delay or termination. The results of clinical trials are open to differing
interpretations. 

We have three separate programs
for producing anti-inflammatory agents: (1) investigating new clinical opportunities for anti-TNF, (2) identifying orally available,
small molecules that are agonists of 7 nicotinic acetylcholine receptor, and (3) identifying patentable analogs of CBD that
initially will be used as pain medications. However, these programs, including the related clinical trials, are expensive, time consuming
and difficult to design and implement. 

Regulatory agencies may not
accept clinical trial designs submitted by us, and may analyze or interpret the results of clinical trials differently than us. Even if
the results of our clinical trials are favorable, the clinical trials for a number of its future product candidates are expected to continue
for several years and may take significantly longer to complete. In addition, the FDA, MHRA or other regulatory authorities, including
state, local and foreign authorities, or an IRB, with respect to a trial at our institution, may suspend, delay or terminate its clinical
trials at any time, require us to conduct additional clinical trials, require a particular clinical trial to continue for a longer duration
than originally planned, require a change to its development plans such that we conduct clinical trials for a product candidate in a different
order, e.g., in a step-wise fashion rather than running two trials of the same product candidate in parallel, or could suspend or terminate
the registrations and quota allotments we require in order to procure and handle controlled substances, for various reasons, including
the following, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations: 

lack of effectiveness of
 any product candidate during clinical trials; 

discovery of serious or
 unexpected toxicities or side effects experienced by trial participants or other safety issues, such as drug interactions, including
 those which cause confounding changes to the levels of other concomitant medications; 

slower than expected rates
 of subject recruitment and enrollment rates in clinical trials; 

difficulty in retaining
 subjects who have initiated a clinical trial but may withdraw at any time due to adverse side effects from the therapy, insufficient
 efficacy, fatigue with the clinical trial process or for any other reason; 

delays or inability in
 manufacturing or obtaining sufficient quantities of materials for use in clinical trials due to regulatory and manufacturing constraints; 

inadequacy of or changes
 in our manufacturing process or product formulation; 

delays in obtaining regulatory
 authorization to commence a trial, including clinical holds or delays requiring suspension or termination of
 a trial by a regulatory agency, such as the FDA, before or after a trial is commenced; 

72 

DEA related recordkeeping,
 reporting security or other violations at a clinical site, leading the DEA or state authorities to suspend or revoke the site s-controlled
 substance license and causing a delay or termination of planned or ongoing trials; 

changes in applicable regulatory
 policies and regulation, including changes to requirements imposed on the extent, nature or timing of studies; 

delays or failure in reaching
 agreement on acceptable terms in clinical trial contracts or protocols with prospective clinical trial sites; 

uncertainty regarding proper
 dosing; 

delay or failure to supply
 product for use in clinical trials which conforms to regulatory specification; 

unfavorable results from
 ongoing pre-clinical studies and clinical trials; 

failure of our CROs, or
 other third-party contractors to comply with all contractual requirements or to perform their services in a timely or acceptable
 manner; 

failure by our company,
 our employees, our CROs or their employees to comply with all applicable FDA or other regulatory requirements relating to the conduct
 of clinical trials; 

scheduling conflicts with
 participating clinicians and clinical institutions; 

failure to design appropriate
 clinical trial protocols; 

regulatory concerns with
 CBD derivative products generally and the potential for abuse, despite only working with non-plant based non-psychoactive products; 

insufficient data to support
 regulatory approval; 

inability or unwillingness
 of medical investigators to follow our clinical protocols; or 

difficulty in maintaining
 contact with patients during or after treatment, which may result in incomplete data. 

We may find it difficult
to enroll patients in our clinical trials, which could delay or prevent clinical trials of our product candidates. 

Identifying and qualifying
patients to participate in clinical trials of our product candidates is critical to our success. The timing of our clinical trials depends
on the speed at which we can recruit eligible patients to participate in testing our product candidates. We have experienced delays in
some of our clinical trials, and we may experience similar delays in the future. These delays could result in increased costs, delays
in advancing our product development, or termination of the clinical trials altogether. 

73 

We may not be able to identify,
recruit and enroll a sufficient number of patients, or those with required or desired characteristics to achieve diversity in a study,
to complete our clinical trials within the expected timeframe. Patient enrollment can be impacted by factors including, but not limited
to: 

design and complexity and/or
 commitment of participation required in the study protocol; 

size of the patient population; 

eligibility criteria for
 the study in question; 

clinical supply availability; 

delays in participating
 site identification, qualification and subsequent activation to enroll; 

perceived risks and benefits
 of the product candidate under study, including as a result of adverse effects observed in similar or competing therapies; 

proximity and availability
 of clinical trial sites for prospective patients; 

availability of competing
 therapies and clinical trials; 

competition of site efforts
 to facilitate timely enrollment in clinical trials; 

participating site motivation; 

patient referral practices
 of physicians; 

activities of patient advocacy
 groups; 

ability to monitor patients
 adequately during and after treatment; and 

severity of the disease
 under investigation. 

In particular, each of the
conditions for which we plan to evaluate our product candidates are diseases with limited patient pools from which to draw for clinical
trials. The eligibility criteria of our clinical trials will further limit the pool of available study participants. Additionally, the
process of finding and diagnosing patients may prove costly. The treating physicians in our clinical trials may also use their medical
discretion in advising patients enrolled in our clinical trials to withdraw from our studies to try alternative therapies. In addition,
the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic may impact patient ability and willingness to travel to clinical trial sites as a result of quarantines
and other restrictions, which may negatively impact enrollment in our clinical trials. 

74 

We may not be able to initiate
or continue clinical trials if we cannot enroll the required eligible patients per protocol to participate
in the clinical trials required by the FDA or the EMA, MHRA or other regulatory agencies. Our ability to successfully initiate,
enroll and complete a clinical trial in any foreign country is subject to numerous risks unique to conducting business in foreign
countries, including: 

difficulty in establishing
 or managing relationships with CROs and physicians; 

different standards for
 the conduct of clinical trials; 

our inability to locate
 qualified local consultants, physicians and partners; 

the potential burden of
 complying with a variety of foreign laws, medical standards and regulatory requirements, including the regulation of pharmaceutical
 and biotechnology products and treatment; 

ability to procure and
 deliver necessary clinical trial materials needed to perform the study; and 

inability to implement
 adequate training at participating sites remotely when in person training cannot be completed. 

If we have difficulty enrolling
a sufficient number of patients to conduct our clinical trials as planned, we may need to delay, limit or terminate ongoing or planned
clinical trials, any of which would have an adverse effect on our ability to complete clinical trials and ultimately our results of operations. 

Any failure by our
company to comply with existing regulations could harm our reputation and operating results. 

We are subject to extensive
regulation by U.S. federal and state and foreign governments in each of the U.S., European and Canadian markets, in which we plan to
sell our products, or in markets where we have product candidates progressing through the approval process. 

We must adhere to all regulatory
requirements including FDA s GLP, GCP and GMP requirements, pharmacovigilance requirements, advertising and promotion restrictions,
reporting and recordkeeping requirements, and their European equivalents. If we or our suppliers fail to comply with applicable regulations,
including FDA pre-or post-approval requirements, then the FDA or other foreign regulatory authorities could sanction our company. Even
if a drug is approved by the FDA or other competent authorities, regulatory authorities may impose significant restrictions on a product s
indicated uses or marketing or impose ongoing requirements for potentially costly post-marketing trials. Any of our product candidates
which may be approved in the U.S. will be subject to ongoing regulatory requirements for manufacturing, labeling, packaging, storage,
distribution, import, export, advertising, promotion, sampling, recordkeeping and submission of safety and other post-market information,
including both federal and state requirements. In addition, manufacturers and manufacturers facilities are required to comply
with extensive FDA requirements, including ensuring that quality control and manufacturing procedures conform to GMP. As such, we and
our contract manufacturers (in the event contract manufacturers are appointed in the future) are subject to continual review and
periodic inspections to assess compliance with GMP. Accordingly, we and others with whom we work will have to spend time, money and effort
in all areas of regulatory compliance, including manufacturing, production, quality control and quality assurance. We will also be required
to report certain adverse reactions and production problems, if any, to the FDA, and to comply with requirements concerning advertising
and promotion for our products. Promotional communications with respect to prescription drugs are subject to a variety of legal and regulatory
restrictions and must be consistent with the information in the product s approved label. Similar restrictions and requirements
exist in the EU and other markets where we operate. 

75 

If a regulatory agency discovers
previously unknown problems with a product, such as adverse events of unanticipated severity or frequency, or problems with the facility
where the product is manufactured, or disagrees with the promotion, marketing or labeling of the product, it may impose restrictions
on that product or on our company, including requiring withdrawal of the product from the market. If we fail to comply with applicable
regulatory requirements, a regulatory agency or enforcement authority may issue warning letters, impose civil or criminal penalties,
suspend regulatory approval, suspend any of our ongoing clinical trials, refuse to approve pending applications or supplements to approved
applications submitted by us, impose restrictions on our operations, or seize or detain products or require a product recall. 

In addition, it is possible
that our future products will be regulated by the DEA, under the Controlled Substances Act or under similar laws elsewhere. DEA scheduling
is a separate process that can delay when a drug may become available to patients beyond an NDA approval date, and the timing and outcome
of such DEA process is uncertain. See also Risks Related to Controlled Substances , below. 

In addition, any government
investigation of alleged violations of law could require us to spend significant time and resources in response and could generate negative
publicity. Any failure to comply with ongoing regulatory requirements may significantly and adversely affect our ability to commercialize
and generate revenue from our future product candidates. If regulatory sanctions are applied or if regulatory approval is withdrawn,
the value of our business and our operating results may be adversely affected. 

Any action against us for
violation of these laws, even if we successfully defend against it, could cause us to incur significant legal expenses, divert our management s
attention from the operation of our business and damage our reputation. We expect to spend significant resources on compliance efforts
and such expenses are unpredictable. Changing laws, regulations and standards might also create uncertainty, higher expenses and increase
insurance costs. As a result, we intend to invest all reasonably necessary resources to comply with evolving standards, and this investment
might result in increased management and administrative expenses and a diversion of management time and attention from revenue-generating
activities to compliance activities. 

We are subject to federal,
state and foreign healthcare laws and regulations and implementation of or changes to such healthcare laws and regulations could adversely
affect our business and results of operations. 

In both the U.S. and certain
foreign jurisdictions, there have been a number of legislative and regulatory proposals to change the healthcare system in ways that
could impact our ability to sell our future product candidates. If we are found to be in violation of any of these laws or any other
federal, state or foreign regulations, we may be subject to administrative, civil and/or criminal penalties, damages, fines, individual
imprisonment, we from federal health care programs and the restructuring of our operations. Any of these could have a material adverse
effect on our business and financial results. Since many of these laws have not been fully interpreted by the courts, there is an increased
risk that we may be found in violation of one or more of their provisions. Any action against us for violation of these laws, even if
we ultimately are successful in our defense, will cause us to incur significant legal expenses and divert our management s attention
away from the operation of our business. In addition, in many foreign countries, particularly the countries of the EU the pricing of
prescription drugs is subject to government control. 

In some foreign countries,
the proposed pricing for a drug must be approved before it may be lawfully marketed. The requirements governing drug pricing vary widely
from country to country. 

For example, some EU jurisdictions
operate positive and negative list systems under which products may only be marketed once a reimbursement price has been agreed. To obtain
reimbursement or pricing approval, some of these countries may require the completion of clinical trials that compare the cost-effectiveness
of a particular product candidate to currently available therapies. Other member states allow companies to fix their own prices for medicines
but monitor and control company profits. Such differences in national pricing regimes may create price differentials between EU member
states. There can be no assurance that any country that has price controls or reimbursement limitations for pharmaceutical products will
allow favorable reimbursement and pricing arrangements for any of our products. Historically, products launched in the U.K. and EU do
not follow price structures of the U.S. In the U.K. and EU, the downward pressure on healthcare costs in general, particularly prescription
medicines, has become intense. As a result, barriers to entry of new products are becoming increasingly high and patients are unlikely
to use a drug product that is not reimbursed by their government. We may face competition from lower-priced products in foreign countries
that have placed price controls on pharmaceutical products. In addition, the importation of foreign products may compete with any future
product that we may market, which could negatively impact our profitability. 

76 

Specifically, in the U.S.,
we expect that the 2010 Affordable Care Act, as well as other healthcare reform measures that may be adopted in the future, may result
in more rigorous coverage criteria and in additional downward pressure on the price that we may receive for any approved product. There
have been judicial challenges to certain aspects of the ACA and numerous legislative attempts to repeal and/or replace the ACA in whole
or in part, and we expect there will be additional challenges and amendments to the ACA in the future. At this time, the full effect
that the ACA will have on our business in the future remains unclear. An expansion in the government s role in the U.S. healthcare
industry may cause general downward pressure on the prices of prescription drug products, lower reimbursements or any other product for
which we obtain regulatory approval, reduce product utilization and adversely affect our business and results of operations. Any reduction
in reimbursement from Medicare or other government programs may result in a similar reduction in payments from private payors. The implementation
of cost containment measures or other healthcare reforms may prevent us from being able to generate revenue, attain profitability, or
commercialize any of our future product candidates for which we may receive regulatory approval. 

Information obtained
from expanded access studies may not reliably predict the efficacy of our future product candidates in company-sponsored clinical trials
and may lead to adverse events that could limit approval. 

The expanded access studies
we are currently supporting are uncontrolled, carried out by individual investigators and not typically conducted in strict compliance
with GCPs, all of which can lead to a treatment effect which may differ from that in placebo-controlled trials. These studies provide
only anecdotal evidence of efficacy for regulatory review. These studies contain no control or comparator group for reference and this
patient data is not designed to be aggregated or reported as study results. Moreover, data from such small numbers of patients may be
highly variable. Information obtained from these studies, including the statistical principles that we and the independent investigators
have chosen to apply to the data, may not reliably predict data collected via systematic evaluation of the efficacy in company-sponsored
clinical trials or evaluated via other statistical principles that may be applied in those trials. Reliance on such information to design
our clinical trials may lead to trials that are not adequately designed to demonstrate efficacy and could delay or prevent our ability
to seek approval of our future product candidates. 

Expanded access programs
provide supportive safety information for regulatory review. Physicians conducting these studies may use our future product candidates
in a manner inconsistent with the protocol, including in children with conditions beyond those being studied in trials which we sponsor.
Any adverse events or reactions experienced by subjects in the expanded access program may be attributed to our future product candidates
and may limit our ability to obtain regulatory approval with labeling that we consider desirable, or at all. 

There is a high rate
of failure for drug candidates proceeding through clinical trials. 

Generally, there is a high
rate of failure for drug candidates proceeding through clinical trials. We may suffer significant setbacks in our clinical trials similar
to the experience of a number of other companies in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries, even after receiving promising results
in earlier trials. Further, even if we view the results of a clinical trial to be positive, the FDA, MHRA or other regulatory authorities
may disagree with our interpretation of the data. In the event that we obtain negative results from clinical trials for product candidates
or other problems related to potential chemistry, manufacturing and control issues or other hurdles occur and our future product candidates
are not approved, we may not be able to generate sufficient revenue or obtain financing to continue our operations, our ability to execute
on our current business plan may be materially impaired, and our reputation in the industry and in the investment community might be
significantly damaged. In addition, our inability to properly design, commence and complete clinical trials may negatively impact the
timing and results of our clinical trials and ability to seek approvals for our drug candidates. 

77 

If we are found in
violation of federal or state fraud and abuse laws or similar laws in other jurisdictions, we may be required to pay a
penalty and/or be suspended from participation in federal or state health care programs, which may adversely affect our business, financial
condition and results of operations. 

In the U.S., we are subject
to various federal and state health care fraud and abuse laws, including anti-kickback laws, false claims laws and other
laws intended to reduce fraud and abuse in federal and state health care programs, which could affect our company particularly upon successful
commercialization of our products in the U.S. The Medicare and Medicaid Patient Protection Act of 1987, or federal Anti-Kickback Statute,
makes it illegal for any person, including a prescription drug manufacturer (or a party acting on its behalf), to knowingly and willfully
solicit, receive, offer or pay any remuneration that is intended to induce the referral of business, including the purchase, order or
prescription of a particular drug for which payment may be made under a federal health care program, such as Medicare or Medicaid. Under
federal law, some arrangements, known as safe harbors, are deemed not to violate the federal Anti-Kickback Statute. Although we seek
to structure our business arrangements in compliance with all applicable requirements, it is often difficult to determine precisely how
the law will be applied in specific circumstances. Accordingly, it is possible that our practices may be challenged under the federal
Anti-Kickback Statute and Federal False Claims Act. Violations of fraud and abuse laws may be punishable by criminal and/or civil sanctions,
including fines and/or exclusion or suspension from federal and state health care programs such as Medicare and Medicaid and debarment
from contracting with the U.S. government. In addition, private individuals have the ability to bring actions on behalf of the government
under the federal False Claims Act as well as under the false claims laws of several states. 

While we believe that we
have structured our business arrangements to comply with these laws, the government could allege violations of, or convict us of violating,
these laws. If we are found in violation of one of these laws, we could be required to pay a penalty and could be suspended or excluded
from participation in federal or state health care programs, and our business, results of operations and financial condition may be adversely
affected. 

The Member States of the
EU and other countries also have anti-kickback laws and can impose penalties in case of infringement, which, in some jurisdictions, can
also be enforced by competitors. 

Serious adverse events
or other safety risks could require us to abandon development and preclude, delay or limit approval of our future product candidates,
limit the scope of any approved label or market acceptance, or cause the recall or loss of marketing approval of products that are already
marketed. 

If any of our future product
candidates prior to or after any approval for commercial sale, cause serious or unexpected side effects, or are associated with other
safety risks such as misuse, abuse or diversion, a number of potentially significant negative consequences could result, including: 

regulatory authorities
 may interrupt, delay or halt clinical trials; 

regulatory authorities
 may deny regulatory approval of our future product candidates; 

regulatory authorities
 may require certain labeling statements, such as warnings or contraindications or limitations on the indications for use, and/or
 impose restrictions on distribution in the form of a REMS in connection with approval or post-approval; 

regulatory authorities
 may withdraw their approval, require more onerous labeling statements, impose more restrictive REMS, or require us to recall any
 product that is approved; 

we may be required to change
 the way the product is administered or conduct additional clinical trials; 

our relationships with
 our collaboration partners may suffer; 

78 

we could be sued and held
 liable for harm caused to patients; or 

our reputation may suffer.
 The reputational risk is heightened with respect to those of our future product candidates that are being developed for pediatric
 indications. 

We may voluntarily suspend
or terminate our clinical trials if at any time we believe that the products present an unacceptable risk to participants, or if preliminary
data demonstrates that our future product candidates are unlikely to receive regulatory approval or unlikely to be successfully commercialized.
Following receipt of approval for commercial sale of a product, we may voluntarily withdraw or recall that product from the market if
at any time we believe that its use, or a person s exposure to it, may cause adverse health consequences or death. To date, we
have not withdrawn, recalled or taken any other action, voluntary or mandatory, to remove an approved product from the market. In addition,
regulatory agencies, IRBs or data safety monitoring boards may at any time recommend the temporary or permanent discontinuation of our
clinical trials or request that we cease using investigators in the clinical trials if they believe that the clinical trials are not
being conducted in accordance with applicable regulatory requirements, or that they present an unacceptable safety risk to participants.
Although we have never been asked by a regulatory agency, IRB or data safety monitoring board to temporarily or permanently discontinue
a clinical trial, if we elect or are forced to suspend or terminate a clinical trial of any of our future product candidates, the commercial
prospects for that product will be harmed and our ability to generate product revenue from that product may be delayed or eliminated.
Furthermore, any of these events may result in labeling statements such as warnings or contraindications. In addition, such events or
labeling could prevent us or our partners from achieving or maintaining market acceptance of the affected product and could substantially
increase the costs of commercializing our future product candidates and impair our ability to generate revenue from the commercialization
of these products either by our company or by our collaboration partners. 

The development of
REMS for our future product candidates could cause delays in the approval process and would add additional layers of regulatory requirements
that could impact our ability to commercialize our future product candidates in the U.S. and reduce their market potential. 

Even if the FDA approves
our NDA for any of our future product candidates without requiring a REMS as a condition of approval of the NDA, the FDA may, post-approval,
require a REMS for any of our future product candidates if it becomes aware of new safety information that makes a REMS necessary to
ensure that the benefits of the drug outweigh the potential risks. REMS elements can include medication guides, communication plans for
health care professionals, and elements to assure safe use ETASU ). ETASU can include, but are not limited to, special
training or certification for prescribing or dispensing, dispensing only under certain circumstances, special monitoring and the use
of patient registries. Moreover, product approval may require substantial post-approval testing and surveillance to monitor the drug s
safety or efficacy. We may be required to adopt a REMS for our future product candidates to ensure that the benefits outweigh the risks
of abuse, misuse, diversion and other potential safety concerns. There can be no assurance that the FDA will approve a manageable REMS
for our future product candidates, which could create material and significant limits on our ability to successfully commercialize our
future product candidates in the U.S. Delays in the REMS approval process could result in delays in the NDA approval process. In addition,
as part of the REMS, the FDA could require significant restrictions, such as restrictions on the prescription, distribution and patient
use of the product, which could significantly impact our ability to effectively commercialize our future product candidates, and dramatically
reduce their market potential, thereby adversely impacting our business, financial condition and results of operations. Even if initial
REMS are not highly restrictive, if, after launch, our future product candidates were to be subject to significant abuse/non-medical
use or diversion from illicit channels, this could lead to negative regulatory consequences, including a more restrictive REMS. 

The regulatory approval
processes of the FDA and comparable foreign authorities are lengthy, time-consuming and inherently unpredictable, and if we are ultimately
unable to obtain regulatory approval for our product candidates, our business will be substantially harmed. 

We are not permitted to commercialize,
market, promote or sell any product candidate in the U.S. without obtaining regulatory approval from the FDA. Foreign regulatory authorities,
such as the EMA and MHRA, impose similar requirements. The time required to obtain approval by the FDA and comparable foreign authorities
is inherently unpredictable, but typically takes many years following the commencement of clinical trials and depends upon numerous factors,
including substantial discretion of the regulatory authorities. In addition, approval policies, regulations, or the type and amount of
clinical data necessary to gain approval may change during the course of a product candidate s clinical development and may vary
among jurisdictions. To date, we have not submitted an NDA to the FDA or similar drug approval submissions to comparable foreign regulatory
authorities for our most advanced product candidate for the early stage treatment of Dupuytren s Contracture, or any other product
candidate. We must complete additional preclinical studies and clinical trials to demonstrate the safety and efficacy of our product
candidates in humans before we will be able to obtain these approvals. 

79 

Clinical testing is expensive,
difficult to design and implement, can take many years to complete and is inherently uncertain as to outcome. We cannot guarantee that
any clinical trial design that we submit will be accepted by FDA, MHRA or other comparable foreign regulatory authorities, or that clinical
trials will be conducted as planned or completed on schedule, if at all. The clinical development of our initial and potential additional
product candidates is susceptible to the risk of failure inherent at any stage of development, including failure to demonstrate efficacy
in a clinical trial or across a broad population of patients, the occurrence of adverse events that are severe or medically or commercially
unacceptable, failure to comply with protocols or applicable regulatory requirements, and determination by the FDA, MHRA or any other
comparable foreign regulatory authority that a product candidate may not continue development or is not approvable. It is possible that
even if any of our product candidates has a beneficial effect, that effect will not be detected during clinical evaluation as a result
of one or more of a variety of factors, including the size, duration, design, measurements, conduct or analysis of our clinical trials.
Conversely, as a result of the same factors, our clinical trials may indicate an apparent positive effect of such product candidate that
is greater than the actual positive effect, if any. Similarly, in our clinical trials, we may fail to detect toxicity of, or intolerability
caused by, such product candidate, or mistakenly believe that our product candidates are toxic or not well tolerated when that is not
in fact the case. Serious adverse events, or SAEs, or other adverse effects, as well as tolerability issues, could hinder or prevent market
acceptance of the product candidate at issue. 

Our current and future product
candidates could fail to receive regulatory approval for many reasons, including the following: 

the FDA, MHRA or other
 comparable foreign regulatory authorities may disagree as to the design or implementation of our clinical trials; 

we may be unable to demonstrate
 to the satisfaction of the FDA, MHRA or other comparable foreign regulatory authorities that a product candidate is safe and effective
 for our proposed indication; 

the results of clinical
 trials may not meet the level of statistical significance required by the FDA, MHRA or other comparable foreign regulatory authorities
 for approval; 

we may be unable to demonstrate
 that a product candidate s clinical and other benefits outweigh its safety risks; 

the FDA, MHRA or other
 comparable foreign regulatory authorities may disagree with our interpretation of data from clinical trials or preclinical studies; 

the data collected from
 clinical trials of our product candidates may not be sufficient to support the submission of an NDA to the FDA or other submission
 or to obtain regulatory approval in the U.S., the EU or elsewhere; 

the FDA, MHRA or other
 comparable foreign regulatory authorities may find deficiencies with the manufacturing processes of third-party manufacturers with
 which we contract for clinical and commercial supplies; and 

the approval policies or
 regulations of the FDA, MHRA or other comparable foreign regulatory authorities may significantly change in a manner rendering our
 clinical data insufficient for approval. 

80 

This lengthy approval process
as well as the unpredictability of clinical trial results may result in us failing to obtain regulatory approval to market any product
candidate we develop, which would substantially harm our business, results of operations and prospects. The FDA, MHRA or other comparable
foreign authorities have substantial discretion in the approval process and determining when or whether regulatory approval will be granted
for any product candidate that we develop. Even if we believe the data collected from future clinical trials of our product candidates
are promising, such data may not be sufficient to support approval by the FDA or any other regulatory authority. 

In addition, even if we were
to obtain approval, regulatory authorities may approve any of our product candidates for fewer or more limited indications than we request,
may not approve the price we intend to charge for our products, may grant approval contingent on the performance of costly post-marketing
clinical trials, or may approve a product candidate with labeling that does not include the claims necessary or desirable for the successful
commercialization of that product candidate. Any of the foregoing scenarios could materially harm the commercial prospects for our product
candidates. 

Risks Related to our Reliance Upon Third Parties 

Our existing collaboration
arrangements and any that we may enter into in the future may not be successful, which could adversely affect our ability to develop
and commercialize our future product candidates. 

We are a party to, and may
seek additional, collaboration arrangements with pharmaceutical or biotechnology companies for the development or commercialization of
our future product candidates. We may, with respect to our future product candidates, enter into new arrangements on a selective basis
depending on the merits of retaining commercialization rights for ourselves as compared to entering into selective collaboration arrangements
with leading pharmaceutical or biotechnology companies for each product candidate, both in the U.S. and internationally. To the extent
that we decide to enter into collaboration agreements, we will face significant competition in seeking appropriate collaborators and
the terms of any collaboration or other arrangements that we may establish may not be favorable to us. 

Any existing or future collaboration
that we enter into may not be successful. The success of our collaboration arrangements will depend heavily on the efforts and activities
of our collaborators. Collaborators generally have significant discretion in determining the efforts and resources that they will apply
to these collaborations. Disagreements between parties to a collaboration arrangement regarding development, intellectual property, regulatory
or commercialization matters, can lead to delays in the development process or commercialization of the applicable product candidate
and, in some cases, termination of the collaboration arrangement. These disagreements can be difficult to resolve if neither of the parties
has final decision-making authority. Any such termination or expiration could harm our business reputation and may adversely affect it
financially. 

We expect to depend
on a limited number of suppliers for materials and components in order to manufacture our future product candidates. The loss of these
suppliers, or their failure to supply us on a timely basis, could cause delays in our current and future capacity and adversely affect
our business. 

We expect to depend on a
limited number of suppliers for the materials and components required to manufacture our future product candidates. As a result, we may
not be able to obtain sufficient quantities of critical materials and components in the future. A delay or interruption by our suppliers
may also harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. In addition, the lead time needed to establish a relationship
with a new supplier can be lengthy, and we may experience delays in meeting demand in the event we must switch to a new supplier. The
time and effort to qualify for and, in some cases, obtain regulatory approval for a new supplier could result in additional costs, diversion
of resources or reduced manufacturing yields, any of which would negatively impact our operating results. Our dependence on single-source
suppliers exposes us to numerous risks, including the following: our suppliers may cease or reduce production or deliveries, they may
be subject to government investigations and regulatory actions that limit or prevent production capabilities for an extended period of
time, raise prices or renegotiate terms; our suppliers may become insolvent; we may be unable to locate a suitable replacement supplier
on acceptable terms or on a timely basis, or at all; and delays caused by supply issues may harm our reputation, frustrate our customers
and cause them to turn to our competitors for future needs. 

81 

Risks Related to our Intellectual Property 

We may not be able
to adequately protect our future product candidates or our proprietary technology in the marketplace. 

Our success will depend,
in part, on our ability to obtain patents, protect our trade secrets and operate without infringing on the proprietary rights of others.
We rely upon a combination of patents, trade secret protection (i.e., know-how), and confidentiality agreements to protect the intellectual
property of our future product candidates. The strengths of patents in the pharmaceutical field involve complex legal and scientific
questions and can be uncertain. Where appropriate, we seek patent protection for certain aspects of our products and technology. Filing,
prosecuting and defending patents globally can be prohibitively expensive. 

Our policy is to look to
patent technologies with commercial potential in jurisdictions with significant commercial opportunities. However, patent protection
may not be available for some of the products or technology we are developing. If we must spend significant time and money protecting,
defending or enforcing our patents, designing around patents held by others or licensing, potentially for large fees, patents or other
proprietary rights held by others, our business, results of operations and financial condition may be harmed. We may not develop additional
proprietary products that are patentable. As of the date hereof, we have an extensive portfolio of patents, including many granted patents
and patents pending approval. 

The patent positions of pharmaceutical
products are complex and uncertain. The scope and extent of patent protection for our future product candidates are particularly uncertain.
Our future product candidates will be based on medicinal chemistry instead of cannabis plants. While we have sought patent protection,
where appropriate, directed to, among other things, composition-of-matter for its specific formulations, their methods of use, and methods
of manufacture, we do not have and will not be able to obtain composition of matter protection on these previously known CBD derivatives
per se. We anticipate that the products we develop in the future will be based upon synthetic compounds we may discover. Although we
have sought, and will continue to seek, patent protection in the U.S., Europe and other countries for our proprietary technologies, future
product candidates, their methods of use, and methods of manufacture, any or all of them may not be subject to effective patent protection.
If any of our products are approved and marketed for an indication for which we do not have an issued patent, our ability to use our
patents to prevent a competitor from commercializing a non-branded version of our commercial products for that non-patented indication
could be significantly impaired or even eliminated. 

Publication of information
related to our future product candidates by our company or others may prevent us from obtaining or enforcing patents relating to these
products and product candidates. Furthermore, others may independently develop similar products, may duplicate our products, or may design
around our patent rights. In addition, any of our issued patents may be opposed and/or declared invalid or unenforceable. If we fail
to adequately protect our intellectual property, we may face competition from companies who attempt to create a generic product to compete
with our future product candidates. We may also face competition from companies who develop a substantially similar product to our future
product candidates that is not covered by any of our patents. 

Many companies have encountered
significant problems in protecting, defending and enforcing intellectual property rights in foreign jurisdictions. The legal systems
of certain countries, particularly certain developing countries, do not favor the enforcement of patents and other intellectual property
rights, particularly those relating to pharmaceuticals, which could make it difficult for us to stop the infringement of our patents
or marketing of competing products in violation of our proprietary rights generally. Proceedings to enforce our patent rights in foreign
jurisdictions could result in substantial costs and divert our efforts and attention from other aspects of our business. 

82 

If third parties claim
that intellectual property used by our company infringes upon their intellectual property, our operating profits could be adversely affected. 

There is a substantial amount
of litigation, both within and outside the U.S., involving patent and other intellectual property rights in the pharmaceutical industry.
We may, from time to time, be notified of claims that we are infringing upon patents, trademarks, copyrights or other intellectual property
rights owned by third parties, and we cannot provide assurances that other companies will not, in the future, pursue such infringement
claims against us, our commercial partners or any third-party proprietary technologies we have licensed. If we were found to infringe
upon a patent or other intellectual property right, or if we failed to obtain or renew a license under a patent or other intellectual
property right from a third party, or if a third party from whom we were licensing technologies was found to infringe upon a patent or
other intellectual property rights of another third party, we may be required to pay damages, including damages of up to three times
the damages found or assessed, if the infringement is found to be willful, suspend the manufacture of certain products or reengineer
or rebrand our products, if feasible, or we may be unable to enter certain new product markets. Any such claims could also be expensive
and time consuming to defend and divert management s attention and resources. Our competitive position could suffer as a result.
In addition, if we have declined or failed to enter into a valid non-disclosure or assignment agreement for any reason, we may not own
the invention or its intellectual property, and our products may not be adequately protected. Thus, we cannot guarantee that any of our
future product candidates, or our commercialization thereof, does not and will not infringe any third party s intellectual property. 

If we are not able
to adequately prevent disclosure of trade secrets and other proprietary information, the value of our technology and products could be
significantly diminished. 

We rely on trade secrets
to protect our proprietary technologies, especially where we do not believe patent protection is appropriate or obtainable. However,
trade secrets are difficult to protect. We rely in part on confidentiality agreements with current and former employees, consultants,
outside scientific collaborators, sponsored researchers, contract manufacturers, vendors and other advisors to protect our trade secrets
and other proprietary information. These agreements may not effectively prevent disclosure of confidential information and may not provide
an adequate remedy in the event of unauthorized disclosure of confidential information. In addition, we cannot guarantee that we have
executed these agreements with each party that may have or have had access to our trade secrets. Any party with whom we or they have
executed such an agreement may breach that agreement and disclose our proprietary information, including our trade secrets, and we may
not be able to obtain adequate remedies for such breaches. 

Enforcing a claim that a
party illegally disclosed or misappropriated a trade secret is difficult, expensive and time-consuming, and the outcome is unpredictable.
Also, some courts inside and outside the U.S. are less willing or unwilling to protect trade secrets. If any of our trade secrets were
to be lawfully obtained or independently developed by a competitor, we would have no right to prevent them, or those to whom they disclose
such trade secrets, from using that technology or information to compete with us. If any of our trade secrets were to be disclosed to
or independently developed by a competitor or other third-party, our competitive position would be harmed. 

The expiration or loss
of patent protection may adversely affect our future revenues and operating earnings. 

We rely on patent, trademark,
trade secret and other intellectual property protection in the discovery, development, manufacturing and sale of our product candidates.
In particular, patent protection is important in the development and eventual commercialization of our product candidates. Patents covering
our product candidates normally provide market exclusivity, which is important in order to improve the probability that our product candidates
are able to become profitable. 

One of our patents relating
to our Fibrosis and anti-TNF program will expire in 2033; however, the majority of the patent portfolio has a longer lifespan. While
we are seeking additional patent coverage which may protect the technology underlying these patents, there can be no assurances that
such additional patent protection will be granted, or if granted, that these patents will not be infringed upon or otherwise held enforceable.
Even if we are successful in obtaining a patent, patents have a limited lifespan. In the U.S., the natural expiration of a utility patent
is generally 20 years after it is filed. Various extensions may be available; however, the life of a patent, and the protection it affords,
is limited. Without patent protection of our product candidates, we may be open to competition from generic versions of such methods
and compositions. 

83 

If we do not obtain
protection under the Hatch-Waxman Amendments by extending the patent term, our business may be harmed. 

Our commercial success will
largely depend on our ability to obtain and maintain patent and other intellectual property in the U.S. and other countries with respect
to our product candidates. Given the amount of time required for the development, testing and regulatory review of new product candidates,
patents protecting our product candidates might expire before or shortly after such candidates begin to be commercialized. We expect
to seek extensions of patent terms in the U.S. and, if available, in other countries where we are prosecuting patents. 

Depending upon the timing,
duration and specifics of FDA marketing approval of our product candidates, one or more of our U.S. patents may be eligible for limited
patent term extension, or PTE, under the Drug Price Competition and Patent Term Restoration Act of 1984, referred to as the Hatch-Waxman
Amendments. The Hatch-Waxman Amendments permit a patent restoration term of up to five years beyond the normal expiration of the patent
as compensation for patent term lost during development and the FDA regulatory review process, which is limited to the approved indication
(and potentially additional indications approved during the period of extension) covered by the patent. This extension is limited
to only one patent that covers the approved product, the approved use of the product, or a method of manufacturing the product. However,
the applicable authorities, including the FDA and the USPTO in the U.S., and any equivalent regulatory authority in other countries,
may not agree with our assessment of whether such extensions are available, and may refuse to grant extensions to our patents, or may
grant more limited extensions than we request. We may not be granted an extension because of, for example, failing to apply within applicable
deadlines, failing to apply prior to expiration of relevant patents or otherwise failing to satisfy applicable requirements. Moreover,
the applicable time-period or the scope of patent protection afforded could be less than we request. Even if we are able to obtain an
extension, the patent term may still expire before or shortly after we receive FDA marketing approval. If we are unable to extend the
expiration date of our existing patents or obtain new patents with longer expiry dates, our competitors may be able to take advantage
of our investment in development and clinical trials by referencing our clinical and preclinical data to obtain approval of competing
products following our patent expiration and launch their product earlier than might otherwise be the case. 

Risks Related to Controlled Substances 

Controlled substance
legislation differs between countries, and legislation in certain countries may restrict or limit our ability to sell our future product
candidates. 

Most countries are parties
to the Single Convention on Narcotic Drugs 1961 and the Convention on Psychotropic Substances 1971, which governs international trade
and domestic control of narcotic substances, including cannabis extracts. Countries may interpret and implement their treaty obligations
in a way that creates a legal obstacle to us obtaining marketing approval for our future products in those countries. These countries
may not be willing or able to amend or otherwise modify their laws and regulations to permit our future products to be marketed, or achieving
such amendments to the laws and regulations may take a prolonged period of time. In that case, we would be unable to market our future
product candidates in those countries in the near future or perhaps at all. 

The product candidates
that we are developing may be subject to U.S. controlled substance laws and regulations and failure to comply with these laws and regulations,
or the cost of compliance with these laws and regulations, may adversely affect the results of our business operations, both during clinical
development and post approval, and our financial condition. 

The product candidates that
we are developing may contain controlled substances as defined in The United States Federal Controlled Substances Act of 1970 and
the CSA. Controlled substances that are pharmaceutical products are subject to a high degree of regulation under the CSA, which establishes,
among other things, certain registration, manufacturing quotas, security, recordkeeping, reporting, import, export and other requirements
administered by the DEA. The DEA classifies controlled substances into five schedules: Schedule I, II, III, IV or V substances. Schedule
I substances by definition have a high potential for abuse, no currently accepted medical use in the U.S., lack
accepted safety for use under medical supervision, and may not be prescribed, marketed or sold in the U.S. Pharmaceutical products approved
for use in the U.S. which contain a controlled substance are listed as Schedule II, III, IV or V, with Schedule II substances considered
to present the highest potential for abuse or dependence and Schedule V substances the lowest relative risk of abuse among such substances. 

84 

While cannabis is a Schedule
I controlled substance, products approved for medical use in the U.S. that contain cannabis or cannabis extracts should be placed in
Schedules II-V, since approval by the FDA satisfies the accepted medical use requirement. If and when any of our
future product candidates receive FDA approval, the DEA will make a scheduling determination. If the FDA, the DEA or any foreign regulatory
authority determines that our future product candidates may have potential for abuse, it may require us to generate more clinical or
other data than we currently anticipate to establish whether or to what extent the substance has an abuse potential, which could increase
the cost and/or delay the launch of that product. 

Facilities conducting research,
manufacturing, distributing, importing or exporting, or dispensing controlled substances must be registered (licensed) to perform
these activities and have the security, control, recordkeeping, reporting and inventory mechanisms required by the DEA to prevent drug
loss and diversion. All these facilities must renew their registrations annually, except dispensing facilities, which must renew every
three years. The DEA conducts periodic inspections of certain registered establishments that handle controlled substances. Obtaining
the necessary registrations may result in delay of the importation, manufacturing or distribution of our future products. Furthermore,
failure to maintain compliance with the CSA, particularly non-compliance resulting in loss or diversion, can result in regulatory action
that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. The DEA may seek civil penalties,
refuse to renew necessary registrations, or initiate proceedings to restrict, suspend or revoke those registrations. In certain circumstances,
violations could lead to criminal proceedings. 

Individual states have also
established controlled substance laws and regulations. Although state-controlled substances laws often mirror federal law, because the
states are separate jurisdictions, they may separately schedule our future product candidates as well. State scheduling may delay commercial
sale of any product for which we obtain federal regulatory approval and adverse scheduling could have a material adverse effect on the
commercial attractiveness of such product. We or our partners must also obtain separate state registrations, permits or licenses in order
to be able to obtain, handle, and distribute controlled substances for clinical trials or commercial sale, and failure to meet applicable
regulatory requirements could lead to enforcement and sanctions by the states in addition to those from the DEA or otherwise arising
under federal law. 

Because our products may
be controlled substances in the U.S., to conduct clinical trials in the U.S., each of our research sites must submit a research protocol
to the DEA and obtain and maintain a DEA researcher registration that will allow those sites to handle and dispense our products and
to obtain product from our importer. If the DEA delays or denies the grant of a research registration to one or more research sites,
the clinical trial could be significantly delayed, and we could lose clinical trial sites. The importer for the clinical trials must
also obtain an importer registration and an import permit for each import. 

The legislation on cannabis
in the EU differs among the member states, as this area is not yet fully harmonized. In Germany, for example, cannabis is regulated as
a controlled substance Bet ubungsmittel and its handling requires specific authorization. 

The legalization and
use of medical and recreational cannabis in the U.S. and abroad may impact our business. 

There is a substantial amount
of change occurring in the U.S. regarding the use of medical and recreational cannabis products. While cannabis products not approved
by the FDA are Schedule I substances as defined under federal law, and their possession and use is not permitted according to federal
law (except for research purposes, under DEA registration), according to worldpoplulationreview.com, at least 39 states and the District
of Columbia have enacted state laws to enable possession and use of cannabis for medical purposes, and at least 19 states and the District
of Columbia for recreational purposes. The U.S. Farm Bill, which was passed in 2018, descheduled certain material derived from hemp plants
with extremely low THC content. Although our business is quite distinct from that of online and dispensary cannabis companies, future
legislation authorizing the sale, distribution, use, and insurance reimbursement of non-FDA approved cannabis products could affect our
business. 

85 

Accounting Risks 

Our goodwill and intangible
assets have been impaired in the past and are subject to future impairment risks. 

As discussed in the following
risk factor, we had material impairment charges to our goodwill and in process R D during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Our intangible assets were
approximately 10.7 million as of December 31, 2022, representing 55 of our total assets. The Company assesses the potential impairment
of indefinite-lived intangible assets and goodwill at least annually and otherwise when there is evidence that events or changes in circumstances
indicate that an impairment condition may exist. Many of the factors used in assessing fair value are outside the control of management,
and it is reasonably likely that assumptions and estimates will change in future periods. These changes could result in future impairments.
Events and circumstances that the Company considers important which could trigger impairment include the following: 

Significant underperformance
 relative to historical or projected future operating results; 

Significant changes in
 the Company s strategy for its overall business or use of acquired assets; 

Significant negative industry
 or economic trends; 

Significant decline in
 the Company s stock price for a sustained period; 

Decreased market capitalization
 relative to net book value; 

Unanticipated technological
 change or competitive activities; 

Change in consumer demand; 

Loss of key personnel;
 and 

Acts by governments and
 courts. 

When there is indication
that the carrying value of intangible assets may not be recoverable based upon the existence of one or more of the above indicators,
an impairment loss is recognized if the carrying amount of the asset exceeds its fair value. When there is an indication of impairment
of goodwill, an impairment loss is recognized to the extent that the carrying amount of the goodwill exceeds its implied fair value. 

It is possible that changes
in circumstances, existing at that time or at other times in the future, or in the numerous variables associated with the assumptions
and estimates made by the Company in assessing the appropriate valuation of its indefinite-lived intangible assets or goodwill, could
in the future require the Company to record impairment charges, which would adversely affect future reported results of operations and
stockholders equity, although such charges would not affect our cash flow. 

86 

We have in the past,
and may in the future, impair long-lived assets and intangible assets, including goodwill and acquired in-process research and development. 

The Company reviews long-lived
assets and certain identifiable assets (including intangible assets) for impairment whenever circumstances and situations change such
that there is an indication that the carrying amounts may not be recovered. An impairment exists when the carrying value of the long-lived
or intangible asset (including goodwill and acquired in-process research and development) is not recoverable and exceeds its estimated
fair value. Goodwill represents the difference between the purchase price and the fair value of assets and liabilities acquired
in a business combination. The Company reviews goodwill yearly, or more frequently whenever circumstances and situations change such
that there is an indication that the carrying amounts may not be recovered, for impairment by initially considering qualitative factors
to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, including goodwill,
as a basis for determining whether it is necessary to perform a quantitative analysis. If it is determined that it is more likely than
not that the fair value of reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, a quantitative analysis is performed to identify goodwill
impairment. 

The Company s publicly
traded stock closed at 78.00 per share as of December 31, 2021; during 2022, the market value of the Company s single reporting
unit significantly declined. As of March 31, 2022, June 30, 2022, September 30, 2022 and December 31, 2022, the market value of the Company s
publicly traded stock fell to 51.80, 16.96, 13.30 and 3.39, per share, respectively, and as such, the Company elected to conduct
a quantitative analysis of goodwill to assess for impairment as of September 30, 2022 and December 31, 2022. The Company determined the
fair market value of its single reporting unit and compared that value with the carrying amount of the reporting unit and determined
that goodwill was impaired as of both measurement dates. As of September 30, 2022 and December 31, 2022, the carrying value exceeded
the fair market value by 18,872,850 and 14,674,428, respectively. To recognize the impairment of goodwill, the Company recorded losses
for these amounts at the end of the third and fourth quarters, which appear as a loss on goodwill impairment of 33,547,278 on the income
statement for the year ended December 31, 2022. See Note 5 Intangible Assets and Impairment of Long-lived Assets 
in the consolidated financial statements included herein beginning on page F-1, for further information. 

Intangible assets and in-process
research and development IP R D assets represent the fair value assigned to technologies that were acquired on July
16, 2019 in connection with the Reorganization, which have not reached technological feasibility and have no alternative future use.
IP R D assets are considered to be indefinite-lived until the completion or abandonment of the associated research and development
projects. During the period that the IP R D assets are considered indefinite-lived, they are tested for impairment on an annual basis,
or more frequently if the Company becomes aware of any events occurring or changes in circumstances that indicate that the fair value
of the IP R D assets are less than their carrying amounts. If and when development is complete, which generally occurs upon regulatory
approval, and the Company is able to commercialize products associated with the IP R D assets, these assets are then deemed definite-lived
and are amortized based on their estimated useful lives at that point in time. If development is terminated or abandoned, the Company
may record a full or partial impairment charge related to the IP R D assets, calculated as the excess of the carrying value of the
IP R D assets over their estimated fair value. 

As of December 31, 2022,
the carrying amount of the IP R D assets on the balance sheet was 12,405,084 (which consists of carrying amounts of 1,462,084 and
 10,943,000 related to the Company s CBR Pharma subsidiary and its 180 LP subsidiary, respectively). Per the valuation obtained
from a third party as of year-end, the fair market value of the Company s IP R D assets was determined to be 9,063,000 (which
consists of fair values of 0 and 9,063,000 related to the Company s CBR Pharma subsidiary and 180 LP subsidiary, respectively).
As of this measurement date, the carrying values of the CBR Pharma and 180 LP subsidiaries assets exceeded their fair market values
by 1,462,084 and 1,880,000, respectively. As such, management determined that the consolidated IP R D assets were impaired by 3,342,084
and, in order to recognize the impairment, the Company recorded a loss for this amount during the fourth quarter of 2022, which appears
as a loss on impairment to IP R D assets on the income statement. This reduced the IP R D asset balances of its CBR Pharma subsidiary
and its 180 LP subsidiary to zero and 9,063,000, respectively, as of December 31, 2022; the total consolidated IP R D asset balance
is 9,063,000 after impairment. See Note 5 Intangible Assets and Impairment of Long-lived Assets in the consolidated
financial statements included herein beginning on page F-1, for further information. 

A continued period of low
trading prices of our common stock may force us to incur further material impairments of our reporting units, which could have a material
effect on the value of our assets and cause the value of our securities to decline in value. Additionally, we have in the past, and may
in the future, determine that impairments in our intangible assets, including acquired in-process research and development, are necessary
and may be material. An impairment recognized in one period may not be reversed in a subsequent period, even if the value of our common
stock increases in the future. We have in the past and could in the future incur additional impairments of long-lived assets and/or intangible
assets, including acquired in-process research and development and goodwill, which may be material. 

87 

We have identified
material weaknesses in our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting. If not remediated, our failure
to establish and maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting could result in
material misstatements in our financial statements and a failure to meet our reporting and financial obligations, each of which could
have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and the trading price of our securities. 

Management of the Company,
including our principal financial officer, conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial
reporting as of December 31, 2022 using the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013). 

Management concluded that
certain aspects of the Company s internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of December 31, 2022, based on those
criteria. Specifically, management s conclusion was based on the following material weakness: 

The Company s review and control procedures
did not operate at the appropriate level of precision to detect an error in fair-value of warrants related to a one-time reverse stock
split and the fair value of IP R D assets. 

A material weakness is a
deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility
that a material misstatement of the Company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely
basis. Accordingly, a material weakness increases the risk that the financial information we report contains material errors. A control
deficiency exists when the design or operation of a control does not allow management or employees, in the normal course of performing
their assigned functions, to prevent or detect misstatements on a timely basis. 

Maintaining effective disclosure
controls and procedures and effective internal control over financial reporting are necessary for us to produce reliable financial statements
and the Company is committed to remediating its material weaknesses in such controls as promptly as possible. However, there can be no
assurance as to when these material weaknesses will be remediated or that additional material weaknesses will not arise in the future.
Any failure to remediate the material weaknesses, or the development of new material weaknesses in our internal control over financial
reporting, could result in material misstatements in our financial statements and cause us to fail to meet our reporting and financial
obligations on a timely and accurate basis. If our financial statements are not accurate, investors may not have a complete understanding
of our operations or may lose confidence in our reported financial information. Likewise, if our financial statements are not filed on
a timely basis as required by the SEC and NASDAQ, we could face severe consequences from those authorities. In any of these cases, it
could result in a material adverse effect on our business, on our financial condition or have a negative effect on the trading price
of our common stock and warrants. Further, if we fail to remedy this deficiency (or any other future deficiencies) or maintain the
adequacy of our disclosure controls and procedures and our internal controls, we could be subject to regulatory scrutiny, civil or criminal
penalties or stockholder litigation against us or our management. 

88 

We can give no assurance
that the measures we have taken and plan to take in the future will remediate the material weakness identified or that any additional
material weaknesses or restatements of our financial statements will not arise in the future due to a failure to implement and maintain
adequate internal control over financial reporting or circumvention of those controls. 

Further, in the future, if
we cannot conclude that we have effective internal control over our financial reporting, or if our independent registered public accounting
firm is unable to provide an unqualified opinion regarding the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting (to the
extent we may be required in the future), investors could lose confidence in the reliability of our financial statements, which could
lead to a decline in our stock price. Failure to comply with reporting requirements could also subject us to sanctions and/or investigations
by the SEC or NASDAQ, as applicable, or other regulatory authorities. 

In addition, even if we are
successful in strengthening our controls and procedures, those controls and procedures may not be adequate to prevent or identify irregularities
or facilitate the fair presentation of our financial statements or our periodic reports filed with the SEC. This may require us to restate
prior financial statements. 

We may experience adverse
impacts on our reported results of operations as a result of adopting new accounting standards or interpretations. 

Our implementation of and
compliance with changes in accounting rules, including new accounting rules and interpretations, could adversely affect our reported
financial position or operating results or cause unanticipated fluctuations in our reported operating results in future periods. 

Risks Related to our Common Stock and Warrants 

The market price of
our common stock has been extremely volatile and may continue to be volatile due to numerous circumstances beyond our control. 

The market price of our common
stock has fluctuated, and may continue to fluctuate, widely, due to many factors, some of which may be beyond our control. These factors
include, without limitation: 

short squeezes 

comments by securities
 analysts or other third parties, including blogs, articles, message boards and social and other media; 

large stockholders exiting
 their position in our securities or an increase or decrease in the short interest in our securities; 

actual or anticipated fluctuations
 in our financial and operating results; 

risks and uncertainties
 associated with the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic; 

changes in foreign currency
 exchange rates; 

the commencement, enrollment
 or results of our planned or future clinical trials of our product candidates or those of our competitors; 

the success of competitive
 drugs or therapies; 

89 

regulatory or legal developments
 in the U.S. and other countries; 

the success of competitive
 products or technologies; 

developments or disputes
 concerning patent applications, issued patents or other proprietary rights; 

the recruitment or departure
 of key personnel; 

the level of expenses related
 to our product candidates or clinical development programs; 

litigation matters, including
 amounts which may or may not be recoverable pursuant to the Company s officer and director insurance policies, regulatory actions
 affecting the Company and the outcome thereof; 

the results of our efforts
 to discover, develop, acquire or in-license additional product candidates; 

actual or anticipated
 changes in estimates as to financial results, development timelines or recommendations by securities analysts; 

our inability to obtain
 or delays in obtaining adequate drug supply for any approved drug or inability to do so at acceptable prices; 

disputes or other developments
 relating to proprietary rights, including patents, litigation matters and our ability to obtain patent protection for our technologies; 

significant lawsuits, including
 patent or stockholder litigation; 

variations in our financial
 results or those of companies that are perceived to be similar to us; 

changes in the structure
 of healthcare payment systems, including coverage and adequate reimbursement for any approved drug; 

market conditions in the
 pharmaceutical and biotechnology sectors; 

general economic, political,
 and market conditions and overall fluctuations in the financial markets in the U.S. and abroad; and 

investors general
 perception of us and our business. 

Stock markets in general
and our stock price in particular have recently experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have often been unrelated or disproportionate
to the operating performance of those companies and our company. For example, during 2022, the sale prices of our common stock ranged
from a post-split adjusted high of 80.70 per share (on January 5, 2022) to a low of 1.18 per share (on December 23, 2022). During
this time, we have not experienced any material changes in our financial condition or results of operations that would explain such price
volatility or trading volume; however, we have sold equity which was dilutive to existing stockholders. These broad market fluctuations
may adversely affect the trading price of our securities. Additionally, these and other external factors have caused and may continue
to cause the market price and demand for our common stock to fluctuate substantially, which may limit or prevent our stockholders from
readily selling their shares of our common stock and may otherwise negatively affect the liquidity of our common stock. 

90 

Information available
in public media that is published by third parties, including blogs, articles, message boards and social and other media may include
statements not attributable to the Company and may not be reliable or accurate. 

We are aware of a large volume
of information being disseminated by third parties relating to our operations, including in blogs, message boards and social and other
media. Such information as reported by third parties may not be accurate, may lead to significant volatility in our securities and may
ultimately result in our common stock or other securities declining in value. 

Our outstanding options
and warrants may adversely affect the trading price of our securities. 

As of December 31, 2022,
we had (i) outstanding stock options to purchase an aggregate of 162,956 shares of common stock at a weighted average exercise price
of 84.63 per share; (ii) outstanding warrants to purchase 3,435,728 shares of common stock at a weighted average exercise price of 33.94
per share. For the life of the options and warrants, the holders have the opportunity to profit from a rise in the market price of our
common stock without assuming the risk of ownership. The issuance of shares upon the exercise of outstanding securities will also dilute
the ownership interests of our existing stockholders. 

The availability of these
shares for public resale, as well as any actual resales of these shares, could adversely affect the trading price of our common stock.
We cannot predict the size of future issuances of our common stock pursuant to the exercise of outstanding options or warrants or conversion
of other securities, or the effect, if any, that future issuances and sales of shares of our common stock may have on the market price
of our common stock. Sales or distributions of substantial amounts of our common stock (including shares issued in connection with an
acquisition), or the perception that such sales could occur, may cause the market price of our common stock to decline. 

In addition, the common stock
issuable upon exercise/conversion of outstanding convertible securities may represent overhang that may also adversely affect the market
price of our common stock. Overhang occurs when there is a greater supply of a company s stock in the market than there is demand
for that stock. When this happens the price of our stock will decrease, and any additional shares which stockholders attempt to sell
in the market will only further decrease the share price. If the share volume of our common stock cannot absorb shares sold by holders
of our outstanding convertible securities, then the value of our common stock will likely decrease. 

Our outstanding public
warrants are significantly out of the money. 

Each Public Warrant entitles
the holder to purchase one-fortieth of one share of common stock at an exercise price of 5.75 per 1/40 th of one share 230.00
per whole share), subject to adjustment. No fractional shares will be issued upon exercise of the Public Warrants. The Public Warrants
became exercisable 12 months from the closing of the IPO and expire five years after the completion of the Business Combination (November
6, 2025). The Public Warrants are significantly out of the money and because no fractional shares will be issued upon exercise of the
Public Warrants, the Public Warrants are only exercisable in multiples of 40. As a result, the Public Warrants may not have any significant
value. Additionally, warrant holders not holding at least 40 Public Warrants or who hold Public Warrants which would be exercisable for
a fractional share of common stock, must sell any warrants to obtain value from the fractional interest. As a result, the trading of
the Public Warrants may be limited or sporadic, and such Public Warrants may not have any significant value. Any holder of Public Warrants
holding less than 40 Public Warrants or a number of Public Warrants not evenly divisible by 40 will not receive any common stock upon
the exercise of Public Warrant, as no fractional shares of common stock are issuable upon exercise thereof. 

91 

A significant number
of our shares are eligible for sale and their sale or potential sale may depress the market price of our common stock. 

Sales of a significant number
of shares of our common stock in the public market could harm the market price of our common stock. Most of our common stock is available
for resale in the public market, including (a) options to purchase 162,956 shares of common stock with a weighted average exercise
price of 84.63 per share; and (b) warrants to purchase 3,435,728 shares of common stock with a weighted average exercise price
of 33.94 per share. If a significant number of shares were sold, such sales would increase the supply of our common stock, thereby potentially
causing a decrease in its price. Some or all of our shares of common stock may be offered from time to time in the open market pursuant
to effective registration statements and/or compliance with Rule 144, which sales could have a depressive effect on the market for our
shares of common stock. Subject to certain restrictions, a person who has held restricted shares for a period of six months may generally
sell common stock into the market. The sale of a significant portion of such shares when such shares are eligible for public sale may
cause the value of our common stock to decline in value. 

There may not be sufficient
liquidity in the market for our securities in order for investors to sell their shares. The market price of our common stock may continue
to be volatile . 

The market price of our common
stock will likely continue to be highly volatile. Some of the factors that may materially affect the market price of our common stock
are beyond our control, such as conditions or trends in the industry in which we operate or sales of our common stock. This situation
is attributable to a number of factors, including the fact that we are a small company which is relatively unknown to stock analysts,
stock brokers, institutional investors and others in the investment community that generate or influence sales volume, and that even
if we came to the attention of such persons, they tend to be risk-averse and would be reluctant to follow an unproven company such as
ours or purchase or recommend the purchase of our shares until such time as we became more seasoned and viable. 

As a consequence, there may
be periods of several days or more when trading activity in our shares is minimal or non-existent, as compared to a mature issuer which
has a large and steady volume of trading activity that will generally support continuous sales without an adverse effect on share price.
It is possible that a broader or more active public trading market for our common stock will not develop or be sustained, or that trading
levels will not continue. These factors may materially adversely affect the market price of our common stock, regardless of our performance.
In addition, the public stock markets have experienced extreme price and trading volume volatility. This volatility has significantly
affected the market prices of securities of many companies for reasons frequently unrelated to the operating performance of the specific
companies. These broad market fluctuations may adversely affect the market price of our common stock. 

We face significant
penalties and damages in the event registration statements we have previously filed to register certain securities sold in our prior
offerings are subsequently suspended or terminated. 

Pursuant to certain prior
private offerings of securities, we entered into registration rights agreements which required us to file certain registration statements
to register the resale of the privately sold shares and certain securities issuable upon exercise/conversion thereof, and to maintain
the effectiveness of such registration statements for certain periods of time. To date, all such required registration statements have
been declared effective by the SEC. However, in the event the registration statements are subsequently suspended or terminated, or we
otherwise fail to meet certain requirements set forth in the registration rights agreements, we could be required to pay significant
penalties which could adversely affect our cash flow and cause the value of our securities to decline in value. 

Provisions of the warrants
granted in July 2022 could discourage an acquisition of us by a third party. 

Certain provisions of the
common stock warrants granted by us in July 2022 could make it more difficult or expensive for a third party to acquire us. The common
stock warrants granted by us in July 2022 prohibit us from engaging in certain transactions constituting fundamental transactions 
unless, among other things, the surviving entity assumes our obligations under the common stock warrants. Further, the common stock warrants
granted by us in July 2022 provide that, in the event of certain transactions constituting fundamental transactions, with
some exception, holders of such warrants will have the right, at their option, to require us to repurchase such common stock warrants
at a price described in such warrants (based on the Black Scholes Value of such warrants). These and other provisions of the common stock
warrants could prevent or deter a third party from acquiring us even where the acquisition could be beneficial to stockholders. 

92 

Future sales and issuances
of our common stock or rights to purchase common stock, could result in additional dilution to our stockholders and could cause the price
of our common stock to decline. 

We may issue additional common
stock, convertible securities, or other equity in the future. We also issue common stock to our employees, directors, and other service
providers pursuant to our equity incentive plans. Such issuances could be dilutive to investors and could cause the price of our common
stock to decline. New investors in such issuances could also receive rights senior to those of current stockholders. 

Resales of our common
stock in the public market may cause the market price of our common stock to fall. 

Sales of a substantial number
of shares of our common stock could occur at any time. The issuance of new shares of our common stock could result in resales of our
common stock by our current stockholders concerned about the potential ownership dilution of their holdings. In turn, these resales could
have the effect of depressing the market price for our common stock. 

Future sales of our
common stock could cause our stock price to decline. 

If our stockholders sell substantial
amounts of our common stock in the public market, the market price of our common stock could decrease significantly. The perception in
the public market that our stockholders might sell shares of our common stock could also depress the market price of our common stock.
Up to 125,000,000 in total aggregate value of securities have been registered by us on a shelf registration statement
on Form S-3 that we filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 3, 2022, and which was declared effective on June 24, 2022.
As of March 28, 2023, there is an aggregate of over 6.0 million in securities which are eligible for sale in the public markets from
time to time. Additionally, if our existing stockholders sell, or indicate an intention to sell, substantial amounts of our common stock
in the public market, the trading price of our common stock could decline significantly. The market price for shares of our common stock
may drop significantly when such securities are sold in the public markets. A decline in the price of shares of our common stock might
impede our ability to raise capital through the issuance of additional shares of our common stock or other equity securities. 

Risks Associated with Our Governing Documents and Delaware Law 

Our Certificate of
Incorporation provides for indemnification of officers and directors at our expense and limits their liability, which may result in a
major cost to us and hurt the interests of our stockholders because corporate resources may be expended for the benefit of officers or
directors. 

Our Certificate of Incorporation
provides for indemnification as follows: To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, the Corporation is authorized to provide
indemnification of, and advancement of expenses to, such agents of the Corporation (and any other persons to which Delaware law permits
the Corporation to provide indemnification) through Bylaw provisions, agreements with such agents or other persons, vote of stockholders
or disinterested directors or otherwise, in excess of the indemnification and advancement otherwise permitted by Section 145 of the Delaware
General Corporation Law, subject only to limits created by applicable Delaware law (statutory or non-statutory), with respect to actions
for breach of duty to the Corporation, its stockholders and others. 

We have been advised that,
in the opinion of the SEC, indemnification for liabilities arising under federal securities laws is against public policy as expressed
in the Securities Act and is, therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification for liabilities arising under federal
securities laws, other than the payment by us of expenses incurred or paid by a director, officer or controlling person in the successful
defense of any action, suit or proceeding, is asserted by a director, officer or controlling person in connection with our activities,
we will (unless in the opinion of our counsel, the matter has been settled by controlling precedent) submit to a court of appropriate
jurisdiction, the question whether indemnification by us is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and will be governed
by the final adjudication of such issue. The legal process relating to this matter if it were to occur is likely to be very costly and
may result in us receiving negative publicity, either of which factors is likely to materially reduce the market and price for our shares. 

93 

Our Certificate of
Incorporation contains a specific provision that limits the liability of our directors for monetary damages to the Company and the Company s
stockholders and requires us, under certain circumstances, to indemnify officers, directors and employees. 

The limitation of monetary
liability against our directors, officers and employees under Delaware law and the existence of indemnification rights to them may result
in substantial expenditures by us and may discourage lawsuits against our directors, officers and employees. 

Our Certificate of Incorporation
contains a specific provision that limits the liability of our directors for monetary damages to the Company and the Company s
stockholders. We also have contractual indemnification obligations under our employment and engagement agreements with our executive
officers and directors. The foregoing indemnification obligations could result in us incurring substantial expenditures to cover the
cost of settlement or damage awards against our directors and officers, which the Company may be unable to recoup. These provisions and
resultant costs may also discourage us from bringing a lawsuit against our directors and officers for breaches of their fiduciary duties
and may similarly discourage the filing of derivative litigation by our stockholders against our directors and officers, even though
such actions, if successful, might otherwise benefit us and our stockholders. 

Our directors have
the right to authorize the issuance of shares of preferred stock and additional shares of our common stock. 

Our directors, within the
limitations and restrictions contained in our Certificate of Incorporation and without further action by our stockholders, have the authority
to issue shares of preferred stock from time to time in one or more series and to fix the number of shares and the relative rights, conversion
rights, voting rights, and terms of redemption, liquidation preferences and any other preferences, special rights and qualifications
of any such series. Any issuance of shares of preferred stock could adversely affect the rights of holders of our common stock. Should
we issue additional shares of our common stock at a later time, each investor s ownership interest in our stock would be proportionally
reduced. 

Anti-takeover provisions
in our Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as amended, and our Amended and Restated Bylaws, as well as provisions
of Delaware law, might discourage, delay or prevent a change in control of our company or changes in our management and, therefore, depress
the trading price of our common stock. 

Our
Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as amended and our Amended and Restated Bylaws and Delaware law contain provisions
that may discourage, delay or prevent a merger, acquisition or other change in control that stockholders may consider favorable, including
transactions in which you might otherwise receive a premium for your shares of our common stock or warrants. These provisions may also
prevent or delay attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our management. Our corporate governance documents include the following
provisions: 

a classified board of directors,
 as a result of which our board of directors is divided into two classes, with each class serving for staggered two-year terms; 

the removal of directors
 only for cause; 

94 

requiring advance notice
 of stockholder proposals for business to be conducted at meetings of our stockholders and for nominations of candidates for election
 to our Board of Directors; 

prohibiting stockholders 
 ability to take action via written consents to action; 

providing that special
 meeting of stockholders may be called only by the Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer, or the Board pursuant to a resolution
 adopted by a majority of the Board; 

authorizing blank check
 preferred stock, which could be issued with voting, liquidation, dividend and other rights superior to our common stock; and 

limiting the liability
 of, and providing indemnification to, our directors and officers. 

As
a Delaware corporation, we are also subject to provisions of Delaware law, including Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation
Law, which limits the ability of stockholders holding shares representing more than 15 of the voting power of our outstanding voting
stock from engaging in certain business combinations with us. Any provision of our Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation,
as amended or our Amended and Restated Bylaws or Delaware law that has the effect of delaying or deterring a change in control could
limit the opportunity for our stockholders to receive a premium for their shares of our common stock and could also affect the price
that some investors are willing to pay for our common stock. 

The
existence of the foregoing provisions and anti-takeover measures could limit the price that investors might be willing to pay in the
future for shares of our common stock or warrants. They could also deter potential acquirers of our company, thereby reducing the likelihood
that you could receive a premium for your common stock or warrants in an acquisition. 

Our
Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as amended, contains exclusive forum provisions that may discourage lawsuits
against us and our directors and officers. 

Our
Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as amended provides that unless the corporation consents in writing to the
selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware, will be the sole and exclusive forum for (i) any derivative
action or proceeding brought on behalf of the Company, (ii) any action asserting a claim for breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any current
or former director, officer, employee or stockholder of the Company to the Company or the Company s stockholders, (iii) any action
asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision of the Delaware General Corporation Law, our Second Amended and Restated Certificate
of Incorporation, as amended or Bylaws, or (iv) any action asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine. 

The
choice of forum provision in our Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as amended, does not waive our compliance
with our obligations under the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. Moreover, the provision does not apply
to suits brought to enforce a duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or by the Securities Act. Section 27 of the Exchange Act
creates exclusive federal jurisdiction over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or the rules
and regulations thereunder, and Section 22 of the Securities Act creates concurrent jurisdiction for federal and state courts with respect
to suits brought to enforce a duty or liability created by the Securities Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. Accordingly, both
state and federal courts have jurisdiction to entertain claims under the Securities Act. 

These
exclusive forum provisions may limit the ability of the Company s stockholders to bring a claim in a judicial forum that such stockholders
find favorable for disputes with the Company or the Company s directors or officers, which may discourage such lawsuits against
the Company and the Company s directors and officers. Alternatively, if a court were to find one or more of these exclusive forum
provisions inapplicable to, or unenforceable in respect of, one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings described above,
we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such matters in other jurisdictions or forums, which could materially and adversely
affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

95 

Our
Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as amended, contains provisions whereby we renounced any interest in any corporate
opportunity offered to any director or officer, subject to certain exceptions. 

Our
Section Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as amended, provides that to the extent allowed by law, the doctrine of corporate
opportunity, or any other analogous doctrine, does not apply with respect to the Company or any of its officers or directors, or any
of their respective affiliates, and that the Company renounces any expectancy that any of the directors or officers of the Company will
offer any such corporate opportunity of which he or she may become aware to the Company, except that the doctrine of corporate opportunity
shall apply with respect to any of the directors or officers of the Company only with respect to a corporate opportunity (i) that was
offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of the Company, (ii) that is one the Company is legally
and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for the Company to pursue, and (iii) to the extent the director
or officer is permitted to refer such opportunity to the Company without violating any legal obligation. 

Additionally, each of our
officers and directors presently has, and any of them in the future may have, additional fiduciary or contractual obligations to other
entities pursuant to which such officer or director may be required to present a business opportunity to such entity, subject to his
or her fiduciary duties under applicable law. Accordingly, there may arise conflicts of interest in whether to present a potential business
combination opportunity to our company. These conflicts may not be resolved in our favor. Our renouncement of corporate opportunities
may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations moving forward and/or create conflicts of interest or perceived conflicts
of interest which may have a material adverse effect on the value of our securities. 

Our
directors allocate their time to other businesses thereby causing conflicts of interest in their determination as to how much time to
devote to our affairs. 

Our
directors are not required to, and do not, commit their full time to our affairs, and certain of our directors hold positions, including
other directorships, with other companies in the life sciences industry, which may result in a conflict of interest in allocating their
time between our operations and others which they provide services to. If our directors other business affairs require them to devote
substantial amounts of time to such affairs in excess of their current commitment levels, it could limit their ability to devote time
to our affairs which may have a negative impact on our operations. Additionally, such persons may have conflicts of interest in allocating
their time among various business activities. These conflicts may not be resolved in our favor. Additionally, our directors may, because
of our corporate opportunity waiver, discussed above, may choose to, or be required to, provide corporate opportunities to the other
companies which they are affiliated with. Actual or perceived conflicts of interest may have a material adverse effect on our results
of operations which may have a material adverse effect on the value of our securities. 

Compliance, Reporting and Listing Risks 

We incur significant
costs to ensure compliance with U.S. and NASDAQ Capital Market reporting and corporate governance requirements. 

We incur significant costs
associated with our public company reporting requirements and with applicable U.S. and NASDAQ Capital Market corporate governance requirements,
including requirements under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and other rules implemented by the SEC and The NASDAQ Capital Market. The
rules of The NASDAQ Capital Market include requiring us to maintain independent directors, comply with other corporate governance requirements
and pay annual listing and stock issuance fees. All of such SEC and NASDAQ obligations require a commitment of additional resources including,
but not limited, to additional expenses, and may result in the diversion of our senior management s time and attention from our
day-to-day operations. We expect all of these applicable rules and regulations to significantly increase our legal and financial compliance
costs and to make some activities more time consuming and costly. We also expect that these applicable rules and regulations may make
it more difficult and more expensive for us to obtain director and officer liability insurance and we may be required to accept reduced
policy limits and coverage or incur substantially higher costs to obtain the same or similar coverage. As a result, it may be more difficult
for us to attract and retain qualified individuals to serve on our board of directors or as executive officers. 

96 

We incur increased
costs as a result of being a reporting company, and given our limited capital resources, such additional costs may have an adverse impact
on our profitability. 

We are an SEC-reporting company.
The rules and regulations under the Exchange Act require reporting companies to provide periodic reports with interactive data files,
which require that we engage legal, accounting and auditing professionals, and eXtensible Business Reporting Language (XBRL) and
EDGAR (Electronic Data Gathering, Analysis, and Retrieval) service providers. The engagement of such services can be costly, and
we may continue to incur additional losses, which may adversely affect our ability to continue as a going concern. In addition, the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, as well as a variety of related rules implemented by the SEC, have required changes in corporate governance practices and
generally increased the disclosure requirements of public companies. For example, as a result of being a reporting company, we are required
to file periodic and current reports and other information with the SEC and we have adopted policies regarding disclosure controls and
procedures and regularly evaluate those controls and procedures. 

The additional costs we continue
to incur in connection with being a reporting company (expected to be several hundred thousand dollars per year) will continue to
further stretch our limited capital resources. Due to our limited resources, we have to allocate resources away from other productive
uses in order to continue to comply with our obligations as an SEC reporting company. Further, there is no guarantee that we will have
sufficient resources to continue to meet our reporting and filing obligations with the SEC as they come due. 

We have not been in
compliance in the past with the continued listing standards of NASDAQ and may not be able to comply with NASDAQ s continued listing
standards in the future. 

Our common stock and warrants
trade on The NASDAQ Capital Market under the symbols ATNF and ATNFW, respectively. Notwithstanding
such listing, there can be no assurance any broker will be interested in trading our securities. Therefore, it may be difficult to sell
our securities publicly. There is also no guarantee that we will be able to maintain our listings on The NASDAQ Capital Market for any
period of time by perpetually satisfying NASDAQ s continued listing requirements. While we are currently in compliance with NASDAQ s
continued listing standards, we have in the past been out of compliance with such continued listing standards and our failure to continue
to meet these requirements may result in our securities being delisted from NASDAQ. 

Conditions required for continued
listing on The NASDAQ Capital Market include requiring that we maintain at least 2.5 million in stockholders equity, 35 million
of market value of listed securities, or 500,000 in net income over the prior two years or two of the prior three years, having a majority
of independent directors, a three member audit committee (consisting of all independent directors), and maintaining a bid price above
 1.00 per share. Our stockholders equity may not remain above NASDAQ s 2.5 million minimum, our market value of listed
securities may not remain above 35 million, we may not generate over 500,000 of yearly net income, and we may not be able to maintain
independent directors or maintain a stock price above 1.00. 

If we fail to comply with
NASDAQ rules and requirements, our stock may be delisted. In addition, even if we demonstrate compliance with the requirements above,
we will have to continue to meet other objective and subjective listing requirements to continue to be listed on The NASDAQ Capital Market.
Delisting from The NASDAQ Capital Market could make trading our common stock and/or warrants more difficult for investors, potentially
leading to declines in our share price and liquidity. Without a NASDAQ Capital Market listing, stockholders may have a difficult time
getting a quote for the sale or purchase of our stock, the sale or purchase of our stock would likely be made more difficult and the
trading volume and liquidity of our stock could decline. Delisting from The NASDAQ Capital Market could also result in negative publicity
and could also make it more difficult for us to raise additional capital. The absence of such a listing may adversely affect the acceptance
of our common stock and/or warrants as currency or the value accorded by other parties. Further, if we are delisted, we would also incur
additional costs under state blue sky laws in connection with any sales of our securities. These requirements could severely limit the
market liquidity of our common stock and/or warrants and the ability of our stockholders to sell our common stock and/or warrants in
the secondary market. If our common stock and/or warrants are delisted by NASDAQ, our common stock and/or warrants may be eligible to
trade on an over-the-counter quotation system, such as the OTCQB Market, where an investor may find it more difficult to sell our stock
or obtain accurate quotations as to the market value of our common stock and/or warrants. In the event our common stock and/or warrants
are delisted from The NASDAQ Capital Market, we may not be able to list our common stock and/or warrants on another national securities
exchange or obtain quotation on an over-the counter quotation system. 

97 

General Risk Factors 

Provisions in our Certificate
of Incorporation and Delaware law may inhibit a takeover of us, which could limit the price investors might be willing to pay in the
future for our common stock and could entrench management. 

Our Certificate of Incorporation
contains provisions that may discourage unsolicited takeover proposals that stockholders may consider to be in their best interests.
These provisions include a staggered board of directors and the ability of the board of directors to designate the terms of and issue
new series of preferred shares, which may make it more difficult for the removal of management and may discourage transactions that otherwise
could involve payment of a premium over prevailing market prices for our securities. We are also subject to anti-takeover provisions
under Delaware law, which could delay or prevent a change of control. Together, these provisions may make it more difficult for the removal
of management and may discourage transactions that otherwise could involve payment of a premium over prevailing market prices for our
securities. 

Failure to adequately
manage our planned aggressive growth strategy may harm our business or increase our risk of failure. 

For the foreseeable future,
we intend to pursue an aggressive growth strategy for the expansion of our operations through increased product development and marketing.
Our ability to rapidly expand our operations will depend upon many factors, including our ability to work in a regulated environment,
market value-added products effectively to independent pharmacies, establish and maintain strategic relationships with suppliers, and
obtain adequate capital resources on acceptable terms. Any restrictions on our ability to expand may have a materially adverse effect
on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. Accordingly, we may be unable to achieve our targets for sales growth,
and our operations may not be successful or achieve anticipated operating results. 

Additionally, our growth
may place a significant strain on our managerial, administrative, operational, and financial resources and our infrastructure. Our future
success will depend, in part, upon the ability of our senior management to manage growth effectively. This will require us to, among
other things: 

implement additional management
 information systems; 

further develop our operating,
 administrative, legal, financial, and accounting systems and controls; 

hire additional personnel; 

develop additional levels
 of management within our company; 

locate additional office
 space; 

98 

maintain close coordination
 among our engineering, operations, legal, finance, sales and marketing, and client service and support organizations; and 

manage our expanding international
 operations. 

As a result, we may lack
the resources to deploy our services on a timely and cost-effective basis. Failure to accomplish any of these requirements could impair
our ability to deliver services in a timely fashion or attract and retain new customers. 

Our proprietary information,
or that of our customers, suppliers and business partners, may be lost or we may suffer security breaches. 

In the ordinary course of
our business, we expect to collect and store sensitive data, including valuable and commercially sensitive intellectual property, clinical
trial data, its proprietary business information and that of our future customers, suppliers and business partners, and personally identifiable
information of our customers, clinical trial subjects and employees, patients, in its data centers and on our networks. The secure processing,
maintenance and transmission of this information is critical to our operations. Despite our security measures, our information technology
and infrastructure may be vulnerable to attacks by hackers or breached due to employee error, malfeasance or other disruptions. Any such
breach could compromise our networks and the information stored there could be accessed, publicly disclosed, lost or stolen. Any such
access, disclosure or other loss of information could result in legal claims or proceedings, liability under laws that protect the privacy
of personal information, regulatory penalties, disrupt our operations, damage our reputation, and cause a loss of confidence in our products
and our ability to conduct clinical trials, which could adversely affect our business and reputation and lead to delays in gaining regulatory
approvals for our future product candidates. Although we maintain business interruption insurance coverage, our insurance might not cover
all losses from any future breaches of our systems. 

Failure of our information
technology systems, including cybersecurity attacks or other data security incidents, could significantly disrupt the operation of our
business. 

Our business increasingly
depends on the use of information technologies, which means that certain key areas such as research and development, production and sales
are to a large extent dependent on our information systems or those of third-party providers. Our ability to execute our business plan
and to comply with regulators requirements with respect to data control and data integrity, depends, in part, on the continued
and uninterrupted performance of our information technology systems, or IT systems and the IT systems supplied by third-party service
providers. As information systems and the use of software and related applications by our company, our business partners, suppliers,
and customers become more cloud-based, there has been an increase in global cybersecurity vulnerabilities and threats, including more
sophisticated and targeted cyber-related attacks that pose a risk to the security of our information systems and networks and the confidentiality,
availability and integrity of data and information. In addition, our IT systems are vulnerable to damage from a variety of sources, including
telecommunications or network failures, malicious human acts and natural disasters. Moreover, despite network security and backup measures,
some of our servers are potentially vulnerable to physical or electronic break-ins, computer viruses and similar disruptive problems.
Despite the precautionary measures we and our third-party service providers have taken to prevent unanticipated problems that could affect
our IT systems, a successful cybersecurity attack or other data security incident could result in the misappropriation and/or loss of
confidential or personal information, create system interruptions, or deploy malicious software that attacks our systems. It is also
possible that a cybersecurity attack might not be noticed for some period of time. In addition, sustained or repeated system failures
or problems arising during the upgrade of any of our IT systems that interrupt our ability to generate and maintain data, and in particular
to operate our proprietary technology platform, could adversely affect our ability to operate our business. The occurrence of a cybersecurity
attack or incident could result in business interruptions from the disruption of our IT systems, or negative publicity resulting in reputational
damage with our stockholders and other stakeholders and/or increased costs to prevent, respond to or mitigate cybersecurity events. In
addition, the unauthorized dissemination of sensitive personal information or proprietary or confidential information could expose us
or other third parties to regulatory fines or penalties, litigation and potential liability, or otherwise harm our business. 

99 

We may acquire other
companies which could divert our management s attention, result in additional dilution to our stockholders and otherwise disrupt
our operations and harm our operating results. 

We may in the future seek
to acquire businesses, products or technologies that we believe could complement or expand our product offerings, enhance our technical
capabilities or otherwise offer growth opportunities. The pursuit of potential acquisitions may divert the attention of management and
cause us to incur various expenses in identifying, investigating and pursuing suitable acquisitions, whether or not they are consummated.
If we acquire additional businesses, we may not be able to integrate the acquired personnel, operations and technologies successfully,
effectively manage the combined business following the acquisition or realize anticipated cost savings or synergies. We also may not
achieve the anticipated benefits from the acquired business due to a number of factors, including: 

incurrence of acquisition-related
 costs; 

diversion of management s
 attention from other business concerns; 

unanticipated costs or
 liabilities associated with the acquisition; 

harm to our existing business
 relationships with collaboration partners as a result of the acquisition; 

harm to our brand and reputation; 

the potential loss of key
 employees; 

use of resources that are
 needed in other parts of our business; and 

use of substantial portions
 of our available cash to consummate the acquisition. 

In the future, if our acquisitions
do not yield expected returns, we may be required to take charges to our operating results arising from the impairment assessment process.
Acquisitions may also result in dilutive issuances of equity securities or the incurrence of debt, which could adversely affect our operating
results. In addition, if an acquired business fails to meet our expectations, our business, results of operations and financial condition
may be adversely affected. 

If we make any acquisitions,
they may disrupt or have a negative impact on our business. 

If we make acquisitions in
the future, funding permitting, which may not be available on favorable terms, if at all, we could have difficulty integrating the acquired
company s assets, personnel and operations with our own. We do not anticipate that any acquisitions or mergers we may enter into
in the future would result in a change of control of the Company. In addition, the key personnel of the acquired business may not be
willing to work for us. We cannot predict the effect expansion may have on our core business. Regardless of whether we are successful
in making an acquisition, the negotiations could disrupt our ongoing business, distract our management and employees and increase our
expenses. In addition to the risks described above, acquisitions are accompanied by a number of inherent risks, including, without limitation,
the following: 

the difficulty of integrating
 acquired products, services or operations; 

the potential disruption
 of the ongoing businesses and distraction of our management and the management of acquired companies; 

100 

difficulties in maintaining
 uniform standards, controls, procedures and policies; 

the potential impairment
 of relationships with employees and customers as a result of any integration of new management personnel; 

the potential inability
 or failure to achieve additional sales and enhance our customer base through cross-marketing of the products to new and existing
 customers; 

the effect of any government
 regulations which relate to the business acquired; 

potential unknown liabilities
 associated with acquired businesses or product lines, or the need to spend significant amounts to retool, reposition or modify the
 marketing and sales of acquired products or operations, or the defense of any litigation, whether or not successful, resulting from
 actions of the acquired company prior to our acquisition; and 

potential expenses under
 the labor, environmental and other laws of various jurisdictions. 

Our business could be severely
impaired if and to the extent that we are unable to succeed in addressing any of these risks or other problems encountered in connection
with an acquisition, many of which cannot be presently identified. These risks and problems could disrupt our ongoing business, distract
our management and employees, increase our expenses and adversely affect our results of operations. 

We may apply working
capital and future funding to uses that ultimately do not improve our operating results or increase the value of our securities. 

In general, we have complete
discretion over the use of our working capital and any new investment capital we may obtain in the future. Because of the number and
variety of factors that could determine our use of funds, our ultimate expenditure of funds (and their uses) may vary substantially
from our current intended operating plan for such funds. 

We intend to use existing
working capital and future funding to support the development of our products and services, product purchases in our wholesale distribution
division, the expansion of our marketing, or the support of operations to educate our customers. We will also use capital for market
and network expansion, acquisitions, and general working capital purposes. However, we do not have more specific plans for the use and
expenditure of our capital. Our management has broad discretion to use any or all of our available capital reserves. Our capital could
be applied in ways that do not improve our operating results or otherwise increase the value of a stockholder s investment. 

101 

We have never paid
or declared any dividends on our common stock. 

We have never paid or declared
any dividends on our common stock or preferred stock. Likewise, we do not anticipate paying, in the near future, dividends or distributions
on our common stock. Any future dividends on common stock will be declared at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend,
among other things, on our earnings, our financial requirements for future operations and growth, and other facts as we may then deem
appropriate. Since we do not anticipate paying cash dividends on our common stock, return on your investment, if any, will depend solely
on an increase, if any, in the market value of our common stock. 

Stockholders may be
diluted significantly through our efforts to obtain financing and satisfy obligations through the issuance of additional shares of our
common stock. 

Wherever possible, our board
of directors will attempt to use non-cash consideration to satisfy obligations. In many instances, we believe that the non-cash consideration
will consist of restricted shares of our common stock or where shares are to be issued to our officers, directors and applicable consultants.
Our board of directors has authority, without action or vote of the stockholders, but subject to NASDAQ rules and regulations (which
generally require stockholder approval for any transactions which would result in the issuance of more than 20 of our then outstanding
shares of common stock or voting rights representing over 20 of our then outstanding shares of stock, subject to certain exceptions),
to issue all or part of the authorized but unissued shares of common stock. In addition, we may attempt to raise capital by selling shares
of our common stock, possibly at a discount to market. These actions will result in dilution of the ownership interests of existing stockholders,
which may further dilute common stock book value, and that dilution may be material. Such issuances may also serve to enhance existing
management s ability to maintain control of the Company because the shares may be issued to parties or entities committed to supporting
existing management. 

Our growth depends
in part on the success of our strategic relationships with third parties. 

In order to grow our business,
we anticipate that we will need to continue to depend on our relationships with third parties, including our technology providers. Identifying
partners, and negotiating and documenting relationships with them, requires significant time and resources. Our competitors may be effective
in providing incentives to third parties to favor their products or services, or utilization of, our products and services. In addition,
acquisitions of our partners by our competitors could result in a decrease in the number of our current and potential customers. If we
are unsuccessful in establishing or maintaining our relationships with third parties, our ability to compete in the marketplace or to
grow our revenue could be impaired and our results of operations may suffer. Even if we are successful, we cannot assure you that these
relationships will result in increased customer use of our products or increased revenue. 

Claims, litigation,
government investigations, and other proceedings may adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

We are currently subject
to, and expect to continue to be regularly subject to, actual and threatened claims, litigation, reviews, investigations, and other proceedings.
In addition, we have filed lawsuits against certain parties for matters we discovered which related to KBL, prior to the Business Combination.
Any of these types of proceedings may have an adverse effect on us because of legal costs, disruption of our operations, diversion of
management resources, negative publicity, and other factors. Our current legal proceedings are described in Note 11 - Commitments
and Contingencies , under the heading Litigation and Other Loss Contingencies , in the consolidated financial statements
included herein beginning on page F-1. The outcomes of these matters are inherently unpredictable and subject to significant uncertainties.
Determining legal reserves and possible losses from such matters involves judgment and may not reflect the full range of uncertainties
and unpredictable outcomes. Until the final resolution of such matters, we may be exposed to losses in excess of the amount recorded,
and such amounts could be material. Should any of our estimates and assumptions change or prove to have been incorrect, it could have
a material effect on our business, consolidated financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. In addition, it is possible
that a resolution of one or more such proceedings, including as a result of a settlement, could require us to make substantial future
payments, prevent us from offering certain products or services, require us to change our business practices in a manner materially adverse
to our business, requiring development of non-infringing or otherwise altered products or technologies, damaging our reputation, or otherwise
having a material effect on our operations. 

102 

Changes in laws or
regulations, or a failure to comply with any laws and regulations, may adversely affect our business, investments and results of operations. 

We are subject to laws, regulations
and rules enacted by national, regional and local governments. In particular, we are required to comply with certain SEC, NASDAQ and
other legal or regulatory requirements. Compliance with, and monitoring of, applicable laws, regulations and rules may be difficult,
time consuming and costly. Those laws, regulations and rules and their interpretation and application may also change from time to time
and those changes could have a material adverse effect on our business, investments and results of operations. In addition, a failure
to comply with applicable laws, regulations and rules, as interpreted and applied, could have a material adverse effect on our business
and results of operations. 

Certain of our executive
officers and directors are now, and all of them may in the future become, affiliated with entities engaged in business activities similar
to those conducted by us and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity
should be presented. 

Our executive officers and
directors are, or may in the future become, affiliated with entities that are engaged in business activities similar to those that are
conducted by us. Our officers and directors also may become aware of business opportunities which may be appropriate for presentation
to us and the other entities to which they owe certain fiduciary or contractual duties. Accordingly, they may have conflicts of interest
in determining whether a particular business opportunity should be presented to our company or to another entity. These conflicts may
not be resolved in our favor and a potential opportunity may be presented to another entity prior to its presentation to us. Our Certificate
of Incorporation provides that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity
is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of our company and such opportunity is one
we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue. 

Our executive officers,
directors, security holders and their respective affiliates may have competitive pecuniary interests that conflict with our interests. 

We have not adopted a policy
that expressly prohibits our directors, executive officers, security holders or affiliates from having a direct or indirect pecuniary
or financial interest in any investment to be acquired or disposed of by us or in any transaction to which we are a party or have an
interest. In fact, we may enter into a strategic transaction with a target business that is affiliated with our directors or executive
officers. Nor do we have a policy that expressly prohibits any such persons from engaging for their own account in business activities
of the types conducted by us. Accordingly, such persons or entities may have a conflict between their interests and ours. Certain of
our officers and directors hold positions with companies which may be competitors of us. See also the biographies of our officers and
directors incorporated by reference herein below under Directors, Officers and Corporate Governance . 

Our business has been,
and may continue to be, adversely affected by the COVID-19 pandemic. 

In December 2019, a
novel strain of coronavirus (COVID-19) was reported to have surfaced in Wuhan, China. In January 2020, COVID-19 spread to other
parts of the word, including the U.S. and Europe, and efforts to contain its spread have intensified, with varying degrees of success.
As a result, businesses have closed and limits have been placed on travel and everyday activities. The extent to which COVID-19 may impact
our business will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted with confidence, such as the duration
of the outbreak, travel restrictions and social distancing in the U.S. and other countries, business closures or business disruptions,
and the effectiveness of actions taken in the U.S. and other countries to contain and treat the disease. Should the COVID-19 pandemic
continue, our plans could be delayed or interrupted. The spread of COVID-19 has also created global economic uncertainty, which may cause
partners, suppliers and potential customers to closely monitor their costs and reduce their spending budget. The foregoing could materially
adversely affect the clinical trials, supply chain, financial condition and financial performance of our company. 

103 

Enrollment of patients in
our clinical trials, maintaining patients in our ongoing clinical trials, doing follow up visits with recruited patients and collecting
data have been, and may continue to be, delayed or limited as certain of our clinical trial sites limit their onsite staff or temporarily
close as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic and ongoing government restrictions. In addition, patients may not be able or willing to visit
clinical trial sites for dosing or data collection purposes due to limitations on travel and physical distancing imposed or recommended
by federal or state governments or patients reluctance to visit the clinical trial sites during the pandemic. These factors resulting
from the COVID-19 pandemic could delay or prevent the anticipated readouts from our clinical trials, which could ultimately delay or
prevent our ability to generate revenues and could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. The foregoing could materially
adversely affect the clinical trials, supply chain, financial condition and financial performance of our company. 

Additionally, our Frozen Shoulder
trial has been adversely affected. The trial was opened to recruitment at the end of May 2022 following delays in gaining approvals due
to backlogs in the National Institute of Health Research (NIHR) system due to COVID-19 and consequential staff vacancies. Nine participants
were recruited for participation in the trial through mid-February 2023. The U.K. research system has faced unprecedented challenges following
the COVID-19 pandemic both in terms of support services and at the point of delivery of clinical care. This has resulted in the NIHR instituting
their Recovery and Reset program to identify and close trials that are facing challenges. Our Frozen Shoulder trial was considered to
be one of such trials, due to the considerable challenges we faced to open recruitment sites and enroll sufficient participants. Therefore,
the NIHR has asked the chief investigators to close the trial for further recruitment. This closure or future closures or difficulties
relating to the recruitment of participants in future studies could have a material adverse effect on our ability to complete studies,
the timeline for future drugs and our ability to generate revenues and support our operations. 

We
may be adversely affected by climate change or by legal, regulatory or market responses to such change. 

The
long-term effects of climate change are difficult to predict; however, such effects may be widespread. Impacts from climate change may
include physical risks (such as rising sea levels or frequency and severity of extreme weather conditions which may affect our
current operations due to among other things, the fact that a majority of our operations we are based in California, which is prone to
inclement weather), social and human effects (such as population dislocations or harm to health and well-being), compliance costs and
transition risks (such as regulatory or technology changes) and other adverse effects. The effects of climate change could increase the
cost of certain products, commodities and energy (including utilities), which in turn may impact our ability to procure goods or services
required for the operation of our business. Climate change could also lead to increased costs as a result of physical damage to or destruction
of our facilities, loss of inventory, and business interruption due to weather events that may be attributable to climate change. These
events and impacts could materially adversely affect our business operations, financial position or results of operation. 

Environmental, social
and governance matters may impact our business and reputation. 

Governmental authorities,
non-governmental organizations, customers, investors, external stakeholders and employees are increasingly sensitive to environmental,
social and governance, or ESG, concerns, such as diversity and inclusion, climate change, water use, recyclability or recoverability
of packaging, and plastic waste. This focus on ESG concerns may lead to new requirements that could result in increased costs associated
with developing, manufacturing and distributing our products. Our ability to compete could also be affected by changing customer preferences
and requirements, such as growing demand for more environmentally friendly products, packaging or supplier practices, or by failure to
meet such customer expectations or demand. We risk negative stockholder reaction, including from proxy advisory services, as well as
damage to our brand and reputation, if we do not act responsibly, or if we are perceived to not be acting responsibly in key ESG areas,
including equitable access to medicines, product quality and safety, diversity and inclusion, environmental stewardship, support for
local communities, corporate governance and transparency, and addressing human capital factors in our operations. If we do not meet the
ESG expectations of our investors, customers and other stakeholders, we could experience reduced demand for our products, loss of customers,
and other negative impacts on our business and results of operations. 

The U.K. s withdrawal
from the EU could result in increased regulatory and legal complexity, which may make it more difficult for us to do business in the
U.K. and/or Europe and impose additional challenges in securing regulatory approval of our product candidates in the U.K. and/or Europe. 

The U.K. s exit from
the EU as of January 31, 2020, with a transitional period up to December 31, 2020, commonly referred to as Brexit , has
caused political and economic uncertainty, including in the regulatory framework applicable to our operations and product candidates
in the U.K. and the EU, and this uncertainty may persist for years. Brexit could, among other outcomes, disrupt the free movement of
goods, services and people between the U.K. and the EU, and result in increased legal and regulatory complexities, as well as potential
higher costs of conducting business in Europe. As one of the Brexit consequences, the EMA has relocated from the U.K. to the Netherlands.
This has led to a significant reduction of the EMA workforce, which has resulted and could further result in significant disruption and
delays in its administrative procedures, such as granting clinical trial authorization or opinions for marketing authorization, disruption
of importation and export of active substance and other components of new drug formulations, and disruption of the supply chain for clinical
trial product and final authorized formulations. 

104 

The cumulative effects of
the disruption to the regulatory framework may add considerably to the development lead time to marketing authorization and commercialization
of products in the EU and/or the U.K. It is possible that there will be increased regulatory complexities, which can disrupt the timing
of our clinical trials and regulatory approvals. In addition, changes in, and legal uncertainty with regard to, national and international
laws and regulations may present difficulties for our clinical and regulatory strategy. Any delay in obtaining, or an inability to obtain,
any marketing approvals, as a result of Brexit or otherwise, would prevent us from commercializing our product candidates in the U.K.
and/or the EU and restrict our ability to generate revenues and achieve and sustain profitability. 

In addition, as a result
of Brexit, other European countries may seek to conduct referenda with respect to their continuing membership with the EU. Given these
possibilities and others we may not anticipate, as well as the absence of comparable precedent, it is unclear what financial, regulatory
and legal implications the withdrawal of the U.K. from the EU will have, how such withdrawal will affect us, and the full extent to which
our business could be adversely affected. 

The increasing use
of social media platforms presents new risks and challenges to our business. 

Social media is increasingly
being used to communicate about pharmaceutical companies research, product candidates, and the diseases such product candidates
are being developed to prevent. Social media practices in the pharmaceutical industry continue to evolve and regulations relating to
such use are not always clear. This evolution creates uncertainty and risk of noncompliance with regulations applicable to our business,
resulting in potential regulatory actions against us. For example, subjects may use social media channels to comment on their experience
in an ongoing blinded clinical trial or to report an alleged adverse event. When such events occur, there is a risk that we fail to monitor
and comply with applicable adverse event reporting obligations, or we may not be able to defend our business or the public s legitimate
interests in the face of the political and market pressures generated by social media due to restrictions on what we may say about our
investigational product candidates. There is also a risk of inappropriate disclosure of sensitive information or negative or inaccurate
posts or comments about us on any social media or networking website. Certain data protection regulations, such as the GDPR, apply to
personal data contained on social media. If any of these events were to occur or we otherwise fail to comply with applicable regulations,
we could incur liability, face regulatory actions or incur harm to our business, including damage to our reputation. 

We may incur indebtedness
in the future which could reduce our financial flexibility, increase interest expense and adversely impact our operations and our costs. 

We may incur significant
amounts of indebtedness in the future. Our level of indebtedness could affect our operations in several ways, including the following: 

a significant portion of
 our cash flows is required to be used to service our indebtedness; 

a high level of debt increases
 our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions; 

covenants contained in
 the agreements governing our outstanding indebtedness limit our ability to borrow additional funds and provide additional security
 interests, dispose of assets, pay dividends and make certain investments; 

a high level of debt may
 place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors that are less leveraged and, therefore, may be able to take advantage
 of opportunities that our indebtedness may prevent us from pursuing; and 

debt covenants may affect
 our flexibility in planning for, and reacting to, changes in the economy and in our industry. 

A high level of indebtedness
increases the risk that we may default on our debt obligations. We may not be able to generate sufficient cash flows to pay the principal
or interest on our debt, and future working capital, borrowings or equity financing may not be available to pay or refinance such debt.
If we do not have sufficient funds and are otherwise unable to arrange financing, we may have to sell significant assets or have a portion
of our assets foreclosed upon which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We may be adversely
impacted by changes in accounting standards. 

Our consolidated financial
statements are subject to the application of U.S. GAAP, which periodically is revised or reinterpreted. From time to time, we are required
to adopt new or revised accounting standards issued by recognized authoritative bodies, including the Financial Accounting Standards
Board FASB and the SEC. It is possible that future accounting standards may require changes to the accounting
treatment in our consolidated financial statements and may require us to make significant changes to our financial systems. Such changes
might have a materially adverse impact on our financial position or results of operations. 

For all of the foregoing
reasons and others set forth herein, an investment in our securities involves a high degree of risk. 

105 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED
STAFF COMMENTS. 

None. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES. 

The Company s headquarters
are located in Palo Alto, California. The Company believes its existing leased office space is suitable for the conduct of its business. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. 

From time to time, we may
be a party to litigation that arises in the ordinary course of our business. 

Such current litigation or
other legal proceedings are described in, and incorporated by reference in, this Item 3. Legal Proceedings of this Annual
Report on Form 10-K from, Note 11 - Commitments and Contingencies , under the heading Litigation and Other Loss Contingencies ,
in the consolidated financial statements included herein beginning on page F-1. The Company believes that the resolution of currently
pending matters will not individually or in the aggregate have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations.
However, assessment of the current litigation or other legal claims could change in light of the discovery of facts not presently known
to the Company or by judges, juries or other finders of fact, which are not in accord with management s evaluation of the possible
liability or outcome of such litigation or claims. 

Additionally, the outcome
of litigation is inherently uncertain. If one or more legal matters were resolved against the Company in a reporting period for amounts
in excess of management s expectations, the Company s financial condition and operating results for that reporting period
could be materially adversely affected. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY
DISCLOSURES. 

Not applicable. 

106 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR THE
REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Market Information 

Our common stock and warrants
are listed on the NASDAQ Capital Market under the symbols ATNF and ATNFW, respectively. 

Holders 

As of March 31, 2023,
there were 3,746,906 shares of common stock issued and outstanding held by 123 holders of record, and 3,435,728 shares of common
stock underlying 11,500,000 public warrants outstanding to purchase shares of our common stock. Each public warrant entitles the
registered holder to purchase one-fortieth of one share of our common stock at a price of 5.75 per 1/40 th of one share
or 230 per whole share, subject to adjustment as discussed below, at any time commencing on December 6, 2020 (30 days after our
initial business combination) and ending on November 6, 2025 (five years after our initial business combination), at 5:00 p.m., New
York City time, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. If a warrant holder holds 40 warrants, such warrants will be exercisable
for one share of our common stock. No fractional shares will be issued upon exercise of the warrants and warrants must be exercised
for whole shares only. 

Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity
Compensation Plans 

We have reserved 185,907 shares
of our common stock for grant under our 2020 Omnibus Incentive Plan 2020 OIP ), of which 2,111 shares are available
for future awards as of the date of this Report and 120,000 shares of common stock for grant under our 2022 Omnibus Incentive Plan 2022
OIP and together with the 2020 OIP, the OIPs ), of which 113,526 shares are available for future awards
as of the date of this Report. The OIPs are intended to be a vital component of our compensation program and equity plans we use to grant
equity-based incentive awards to our directors, officers, employees and consultants. Our Board believes that granting equity awards under
the OIPs will serve to align the interests of the key services providers of the Company and its subsidiaries with the Company s
stockholders, and that it would be in the best interest of the Company and its stockholders to make such grants. 

Dividend Policy 

We have never paid or declared
any cash dividends on our common stock and do not anticipate paying cash dividends in the foreseeable future. We anticipate that we will
retain all of our future earnings for use in the operation of our business and for general corporate purposes. Any determination to pay
dividends in the future will be at the discretion of our board of directors. Accordingly, investors must rely on sales of their common
stock after price appreciation, which may never occur, as the only way to realize any future gains on their investments. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 

None. 

Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

None. 

Special Voting Shares 

We have two classes of preferred
stock designated, named our Class C Special Voting Shares and our Class K Special Voting Shares (collectively, the Special
Voting Shares ), with the rights and preferences specified below. 

107 

The Special Voting Shares
have a par value of 0.0001 per share. The rights and preferences of each Special Voting Shares consists of the following: 

the right to vote in all
 circumstances in which our common stock have the right to vote, with the common stock as one class; 

the Special Voting Shares
 entitle the holder Odyssey Trust Company (the Trustee) to an aggregate number of votes equal to the number of shares of common stock
 that were issuable to the holders of the previously outstanding shares of CannBioRex Purchaseco ULC and/or Katexco Purchaseco ULC,
 Canadian subsidiaries of 180 (the Exchangeable Shares 

the holder of the Special
 Voting Shares (and, indirectly, the holders of the Exchangeable Shares) has the same rights as the holders of the common stock as
 to notices, reports, financial statements and attendance at all stockholder meetings; 

no entitlement to dividends; 

the holder of the Special
 Voting Shares is not entitled to any portion of any related distribution upon windup, dissolution or liquidation of the Company;
 and 

the Company may cancel
 the Special Voting Shares when there are no Exchangeable Shares outstanding and no option or other commitment of CannBioRex Purchaseco
 ULC and Katexco Purchaseco ULC which could require either CannBioRex Purchaseco ULC and Katexco Purchaseco ULC to issue more Exchangeable
 Shares. 

As set forth above, the holders
of the Exchangeable Shares, through the applicable Special Voting Share, have voting rights and other attributes corresponding to the
Common Stock. The Exchangeable Shares provide an opportunity for certain former Canadian resident holders of CBR Pharma or Katexco securities
to obtain a deferral of taxable capital gains for Canadian income tax purposes in connection with the Reorganization. 

As of the date of this Report,
the Class C Special Voting Shares and our Class K Special Voting Shares have the right to vote 0 and 264 total voting shares, respectively. 

ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S
DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. 

The following discussion
and analysis of the results of operations and financial condition of 180 Life Sciences Corp. as of and for the years ended December 31,
2022 and 2021 should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and the notes to those consolidated financial
statements that are included elsewhere in this Annual Report. This Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations contains statements that are forward-looking. See Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking
Information above. Actual results could differ materially because of the factors discussed in Risk Factors elsewhere
in this Annual Report, and other factors that we may not know. 

As of December 31, 2022, we
had an accumulated deficit of 107,408,545 and working capital of 3,270,608, and for the year ended December 31, 2022, a net loss of
 38,726,259 and cash used in operating activities of 12,127,585. The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared
assuming the Company will continue as a going concern. As we are not generating revenues, we need to raise a significant amount of capital
in order to pay our debts and cover our operating costs. While the Company raised capital in August 2021, July 2022 and December 2022,
there is no assurance that we will be able to raise additional needed capital or that such capital will be available under favorable terms. 

108 

We are subject to all the
substantial risks inherent in the development of a new business enterprise within an extremely competitive industry. Due to the absence
of a long-standing operating history and the emerging nature of the markets in which we compete, we anticipate operating losses until
we can successfully implement our business strategy, which includes all associated revenue streams. We may never ever achieve profitable
operations or generate significant revenues. 

We currently have a minimum
monthly cash requirement spend of approximately 900,000. We believe that in the aggregate, we will require significant additional capital
funding to support and expand the research and development and marketing of our products, fund future clinical trials, repay debt obligations,
provide capital expenditures for additional equipment and development costs, payment obligations, office space and systems for managing
the business, and cover other operating costs until our planned revenue streams from products are fully-implemented and begin to offset
our operating costs, if ever. 

Since our inception, we have
funded our operations with the proceeds from equity and debt financings. We have experienced liquidity issues due to, among other reasons,
our limited ability to raise adequate capital on acceptable terms. We have historically relied upon the issuance equity and promissory
notes that are convertible into shares of our common stock to fund our operations and have devoted significant efforts to reduce that
exposure. We anticipate that we will need to issue equity to fund our operations and repay our outstanding debt for the foreseeable future.
If we are unable to achieve operational profitability or we are not successful in securing other forms of financing, we will have to
evaluate alternative actions to reduce our operating expenses and conserve cash. 

The accompanying consolidated
financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America on
a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business.
Accordingly, the consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability of assets and classification
of liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. The consolidated financial statements
included in this prospectus also include a going concern footnote. 

Additionally, wherever possible,
our Board of Directors will attempt to use non-cash consideration to satisfy obligations. In many instances, we believe that the non-cash
consideration will consist of restricted shares of our common stock, preferred stock or warrants to purchase shares of our common stock.
Our Board of Directors has authority, without action or vote of the shareholders, but subject to NASDAQ rules and regulations (which
generally require shareholder approval for any transactions which would result in the issuance of more than 20 of our then outstanding
shares of common stock or voting rights representing over 20 of our then outstanding shares of stock), to issue all or part of the authorized
but unissued shares of common stock, preferred stock or warrants to purchase such shares of common stock. In addition, we may attempt
to raise capital by selling shares of our common stock, possibly at a discount to market in the future. These actions will result in
dilution of the ownership interests of existing shareholders, may further dilute common stock book value, and that dilution may be material.
Such issuances may also serve to enhance existing management s ability to maintain control of us, because the shares may be issued
to parties or entities committed to supporting existing management. 

Organization of MD A 

Our Management s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (the MD A is provided in addition to the
accompanying consolidated financial statements and notes to assist readers in understanding our results of operations, financial condition,
and cash flows. MD A is organized as follows: 

Business Overview and
 Recent Events. A summary of the Company s business and certain material recent events. 

Significant Financial
 Statement Components. A summary of the Company s significant financial statement components. 

109 

Results of Operations .
 An analysis of our financial results comparing the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Liquidity and Capital
 Resources . An analysis of changes in our balance sheets and cash flows and discussion of our financial condition. 

Critical Accounting
 Policies and Estimates . Accounting estimates that we believe are important to understanding the assumptions and judgments
 incorporated in our reported financial results and forecasts. 

Business Overview and Recent Events 

This MD A and the related
financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022 primarily covers the operations of 180, which is a clinical stage biotechnology
company headquartered in Palo Alto, California, focused on the development of therapeutics for unmet medical needs in chronic pain, inflammation,
fibrosis and other inflammatory diseases, where anti-TNF therapy will provide a clear benefit to patients, by employing innovative research,
and, where appropriate, combination therapy. We have three product development platforms: 

fibrosis and anti-tumor
 necrosis factor TNF 

drugs which are derivatives
 of cannabidiol CBD and 

alpha 7 nicotinic acetylcholine
 receptor 7nAChR ). 

We have several future product
candidates in development, including one product candidate which has recently completed a successful Phase 2b clinical trial in the United
Kingdom for Dupuytren s Contracture, a condition that affects the development of fibrous connective tissue in the palm of the hand.
180 was founded by several world-leading scientists in the biotechnology and pharmaceutical sectors. 

We intend to invest resources
to successfully complete the clinical programs that are underway, discover new drug candidates, and develop new molecules to build up
on our existing pipeline to address unmet clinical needs. The product candidates are designed via a platform comprised of defined unit
operations and technologies. This work is performed in a research and development environment that evaluates and assesses variability
in each step of the process in order to define the most reliable production conditions. 

We may rely on third-party
contract manufacturing organizations CMOs and other third parties for the manufacturing and processing of the
product candidates in the future. We believe the use of contract manufacturing and testing for the first clinical product candidates
is cost-effective and has allowed us to rapidly prepare for clinical trials in accordance with our development plans. We expect that
third-party manufacturers will be capable of providing and processing sufficient quantities of these product candidates to meet anticipated
clinical trial demands. 

Significant Financial Statement Components 

Research and Development 

To date, 180 s research
and development expenses have related primarily to discovery efforts and preclinical and clinical development of its three product platforms:
(1) fibrosis and anti-TNF; (2) drugs which are derivatives of CBD, and (3) 7nAChR. Research and development expenses consist primarily
of costs associated with those three product platforms, which include: 

expenses incurred under
 agreements with 180 s collaboration partners and third-party contract organizations, investigative clinical trial sites that
 conduct research and development activities on its behalf, and consultants; 

costs related to production
 of clinical materials, including fees paid to contract manufacturers; 

110 

laboratory and vendor expenses
 related to the execution of preclinical and clinical trials; 

employee-related expenses,
 which include salaries, benefits and stock-based compensation; and 

facilities and other expenses,
 which include expenses for rent and maintenance of facilities, depreciation and amortization expense and other supplies. 

We expense all research and
development costs in the periods in which they are incurred. We accrue for costs incurred as services are provided by monitoring the
status of each project and the invoices received from our external service providers. We adjust our accrual as actual costs become known.
When contingent milestone payments are owed to third parties under research and development arrangements or license agreements, the milestone
payment obligations are expensed when the milestone results are achieved. 

Research and development
activities are central to our business model. Product candidates in later stages of clinical development generally have higher development
costs than those in earlier stages of clinical development, primarily due to the increased size and duration of later-stage clinical
trials. We expect that research and development expenses will increase over the next several years as clinical programs progress and
as we seek to initiate clinical trials of additional product candidates. It is also expected that increased research and development
expenses will be incurred as additional product candidates are selectively identified and developed. However, it is difficult to determine
with certainty the duration and completion costs of current or future preclinical programs and clinical trials of product candidates. 

The duration, costs and timing
of clinical trials and development of product candidates will depend on a variety of factors that include, but are not limited to, the
following: 

per patient trial costs; 

the number of patients
 that participate in the trials; 

the number of sites included
 in the trials; 

the countries in which
 the trials are conducted; 

the length of time required
 to enroll eligible patients; 

the number of doses that
 patients receive; 

the drop-out or discontinuation
 rates of patients; 

potential additional safety
 monitoring or other studies requested by regulatory agencies; 

the impact of COVID-19
 on the length of our trials; 

the duration of patient
 follow-up; and 

the efficacy and safety
 profile of the product candidates. 

In addition, the probability
of success for each product candidate will depend on numerous factors, including competition, manufacturing capability and commercial
viability. We will determine which programs to pursue and fund in response to the scientific and clinical success of each product candidate,
as well as an assessment of each product candidate s commercial potential. 

111 

Because the product candidates
are still in clinical and preclinical development and the outcome of these efforts is uncertain, we cannot estimate the actual amounts
necessary to successfully complete the development and commercialization of product candidates or whether, or when, we may achieve profitability.
Due to the early-stage nature of these programs, we do not track costs on a project-by-project basis. As these programs become more advanced,
we intend to track the external and internal cost of each program. 

General and Administrative 

General and administrative
expenses consist primarily of salaries and other staff-related costs, including stock-based compensation for shares of common stock issued
and options granted to founders, directors and personnel in executive, commercial, finance, accounting, legal, investor relations, facilities,
business development and human resources functions and include vesting conditions. 

Other significant general
and administrative costs include costs relating to facilities and overhead costs, legal fees relating to corporate and patent matters,
litigation, SEC filings, insurance, investor relations costs, fees for accounting and consulting services, and other general and administrative
costs. General and administrative costs are expensed as incurred, and we accrue amounts for services provided by third parties related
to the above expenses by monitoring the status of services provided and receiving estimates from our service providers and adjusting
our accruals as actual costs become known. 

It is expected that the general
and administrative expenses will increase over the next several years to support our continued research and development activities, manufacturing
activities, potential commercialization of our product candidates and the increased costs of operating as a public company. These increases
are anticipated to include increased costs related to the hiring of additional personnel, developing commercial infrastructure, fees
to outside consultants, lawyers and accountants, and increased costs associated with being a public company, as well as expenses related
to services associated with maintaining compliance with Nasdaq listing rules and SEC requirements, insurance and investor relations costs. 

Other Income 

Other income primarily represents
fees earned for research and development work performed for other companies, some of which are related parties. 

Interest Expense 

Interest expense consists
primarily of interest expense related to debt instruments. 

Gain (Loss) on
Extinguishment of Convertible Notes 

Gain
(loss) on extinguishment of convertible notes represents the shortfall (excess) of the reacquisition cost of convertible notes as compared
to their carrying value. 

Loss on Goodwill
Impairment 

Loss
on goodwill impairment represents the excess of the carrying value of the asset over its estimated fair market value during the reporting
period which is not recoverable. 

Loss on
IP R D assets impairment 

Loss
on IP R D assets impairment represents the excess of the carrying value of the assets over its estimated fair market value during
the reporting period which is not recoverable. 

Change in Fair
Value of IR R D assets 

Change
in fair value of IP R D assets represents the non-cash change in fair value of the assets during the reporting period. 

112 

Change in Fair
Value of Derivative Liabilities 

Change
in fair value of derivative liabilities represents the non-cash change in fair value of derivative liabilities during the reporting period.
Gains/losses resulting from change in fair value of derivative liabilities during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, were driven
by decreases/increases in stock price during the period, resulting in a lower/higher fair value of the underlying liability. 

Offering Costs Allocated to Warrant Liabilities 

Change in offering costs
allocated to warrant liabilities represents placement agent fees and offering expenses which were allocated to the Private Investment
in Public Equity PIPE Warrants and expensed immediately as they are liability classified. 

Change in Fair Value of Accrued Issuable Equity 

Change in fair value of accrued
issuable equity represents the non-cash change in fair value of accrued equity prior to its formal issuance. 

CONSOLIDATED RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Consolidated Results of Operations 

For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared
to the Year Ended December 31, 2021 

For the Years Ended 
December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Operating Expenses: 

Research and development 

2,191,834 

1,000,769 

Research and development - related parties 

240,731 

2,947,536 

General and administrative 

15,459,788 

11,230,118 

General and administrative - related parties 

5,612 

462,580 

Total Operating Expenses 

17,897,965 

15,641,003 

Loss From Operations 

(17,897,965) 

(15,641,003) 

Other (Expense) Income: 

Gain on settlement of liabilities 

- 

926,829 

Other expense 

- 

(146,822) 
 
 Interest expense 

(28,175) 

(135,953) 
 
 Interest expense related parties 

1,508 

(50,255) 
 
 Loss on extinguishment of convertible notes payable, net 

- 

(9,737) 
 
 Loss on goodwill impairment 

(33,547,278) 

- 

Loss on IP R D assets impairment 

(3,342,084) 

- 

Change in fair value of derivative liabilities 

15,144,986 

(4,677,388) 
 
 Change in fair value of accrued issuable equity 

- 

(9,405) 
 
 Offering costs allocated to warrant liabilities 

- 

(604,118) 
 
 Total Other Expense, Net 

(21,771,043) 

(4,706,849) 

Loss Before Income Taxes 

(39,669,008) 

(20,347,852) 
 
 Income tax benefit 

942,749 

23,204 

Net Loss 

(38,726,259) 

(20,324,648) 

113 

Research and Development 

During the year ended December
31, 2022, we incurred research and development expenses of 2,191,834 compared to 1,000,769 incurred for the year ended December 30,
2021, representing an increase of 1,191,065 or 119 . The increase includes a 1,000,000 increase in stock-based compensation expense,
a 430,000 increase in expenses related to Oxford University agreements, a 290,000 increase in salaries expense, a 270,000 increase
in expenses related to the Scientific Advisory Board, an increase in consulting expenses of 120,000, as well as increases of 100,000
related to patents and licenses. This activity was offset by decreases in expenses related to contracts with Yissum and Gallily Ruth
of 460,000 and 250,000, respectively, a decrease related to a tax credit of 210,000 and a decrease in related-party consulting expenses
of 110,000. 

Research and Development Related Parties 

During the year ended December
31, 2022, we incurred research and development expenses related parties of 240,731 compared to 2,947,536 incurred for the year
ended December 31, 2021, representing a decrease of 2,706,805 or 92 . The decrease includes a decrease in stock-based compensation expense
of 2,300,000; this decrease is comprised of approximately 800,000 paid to Jagdeep Nanchahal in the prior year for his research in the
Phase 2b clinical trial for Dupuytren s Contracture (RIDD), as well as stock-based compensation expense of approximately 1,400,000 paid
to Mr. Nanchahal in the prior year as well. There was also a decrease in consulting expenses of 460,000. 

General and Administrative 

During the year ended December
31, 2022, we incurred general and administrative expenses of 15,459,788 compared to 11,230,118 incurred for the year ended December
31, 2021, representing an increase of 4,229,670 or 38 . The increase is attributable to an increase in legal fees of 3,700,000, an increase
of 880,000 in directors and officers insurance expenses as well as an increase in salaries expense of 550,000, offset
by decreases in exchange-related penalties of 530,000, a decrease in settlement expenses of 360,000, a decrease in stock-based compensation
expense of 180,000 and a decrease in consulting expenses of 40,000. 

General and Administrative Related
Parties 

During the year ended December
31, 2022, we incurred general and administrative expenses related parties of 5,612 compared to 462,580 incurred for the year
ended December 31, 2021, representing a decrease of 456,968, or 99 . The decrease is primarily related to a decrease in related party
consulting expenses of 125,000, as well as a decrease in bad debt expense of 300,000 incurred in connection with a receivable from
related parties. 

Other Expense, Net 

During the year ended December
31, 2022, we incurred other expenses, net of 21,771,043 compared to 4,706,849 for the year ended December 31, 2021, representing an
increase in other expenses of 17,064,194 or 363 . The increase in expenses was primarily due to the following: i) an impairment to goodwill
in the current year of 33,547,278, ii) an impairment to IP R D assets in the current year of 3,342,084 and iii) a gain on the settlement
of liabilities of 926,829 in the prior year that was absent from the current year, offset by iv) a change in the current year in the
fair value of derivative liabilities of 19,822,374 and v) 604,118 of warrant costs due to an offering in the prior year. 

114 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had cash balances of 6,970,110 and 8,224,508, respectively, and working capital of 3,270,608 and
a working capital deficit of 8,498,193, respectively. 

For the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021, cash used in operating activities was 12,127,585 and 19,371,428, respectively. Our cash used in operations for the
year ended December 31, 2022 was primarily attributable to our net loss of 38,726,259, adjusted for non-cash expenses in the aggregate
amount of 23,876,048, as well as 2,722,626 of net cash used in changes in the levels of operating assets and liabilities. A significant
portion of the non-cash expenses during the year relates to 36.9 million of non-recurring expenses associated with the impairment of
goodwill and IP R D assets (see Note 5 Intangible Assets and Impairment of Long-lived Assets), offset by changes in fair value
of derivative liabilities of 15,144,986 for the year. Our cash used in operations for the year ended December 31, 2021 was primarily
attributable to our net loss of 20,324,648, adjusted for non-cash expenses in the aggregate amount of 9,760,161, as well as 8,806,941
of net cash used in changes in the levels of operating assets and liabilities. A significant portion of cash used in operations during
the year relates to 4.8 million of non-recurring expenses associated with the business combination. 

For the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021, there was no cash provided by investing activities. 

For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, cash provided by financing activities was 10,873,606 and 25,411,919, respectively. Cash
provided by financing activities during the year ended December 31, 2022 was primarily comprised of proceeds from the sale of July 2022
common stock and common stock warrants of 6,499,737, proceeds from the sale of December 2022 common stock and common warrants of 5,999,851
and proceeds from loans payable of 1,060,890, partially offset by offering costs paid in connection with our July 2022 and December
2022 Offerings of 529,982 and 484,991, respectively, and repayments of loans payable and loans payable related parties of 1,591,035
and 81,277, respectively. Cash provided by financing activities during the year ended December 31, 2021 was comprised of proceeds from
the sale of common stock and warrants of 26,666,200 and proceeds from loans payable in the amount of 1,618,443, partially offset by
repayments of convertible debt and loans payable of 10,000) and 807,594), respectively, and offering costs paid of 2,055,130). 

Our
product candidates may never achieve commercialization and we anticipate that we will continue to incur losses for the foreseeable future.
We expect that our research and development expenses, general and administrative expenses, and capital expenditures will continue to
increase. As a result, until such time, if ever, as we are able to generate substantial product revenue, we expect to finance our cash
needs through a combination of equity offerings, debt financings or other capital sources, including potentially collaborations, licenses
and other similar arrangements, which may not be available on favorable terms, if at all. The sale of additional equity or debt securities,
if accomplished, may result in dilution to our then stockholders. Our primary uses of capital are, and we expect will continue to be,
compensation and related expenses, third-party clinical research and development services, license payments or milestone obligations
that may arise, laboratory and related supplies, clinical costs, potential manufacturing costs, legal and other regulatory expenses and
general overhead costs. 

Our material cash requirements
and time periods of such requirements from known contractual and other obligations include milestone and royalty payments related to
license agreements with Oxford University and Yissum, payments related to the D O insurance, payments to consultants and payments
related to outside consulting firms, such as legal counsel, auditors, accountants, etc. These cash requirements, in the aggregate, amount
to approximately 10,000,000 for 2023 and 27,000,000 for the years 2024 through 2027. 

115 

Further,
our operating plans may change, and we may need additional funds to meet operational needs and capital requirements for clinical trials
and other research and development activities. We currently have no credit facility or committed sources of capital. Because of the numerous
risks and uncertainties associated with the development and commercialization of our product candidates, we are unable to estimate the
amounts of increased capital outlays and operating expenditures associated with our current and anticipated product development programs. 

We have not yet achieved profitability
and expect to continue to incur cash outflows from operations. It is expected that our research and development and general and administrative
expenses will continue to increase and, as a result, we will eventually need to raise additional capital to fund our operations. If we
are unable to obtain adequate funds on reasonable terms, we may be required to significantly curtail or discontinue operations or obtain
funds by entering into financing agreements on unattractive terms. Our operating needs include the planned costs to operate our business,
including amounts required to fund working capital and capital expenditures. As of December 31, 2022, the conditions outlined above indicated
that there was a substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the financial statement issuance
date. However, in August 2021, July 2022 and December 2022, the Company raised additional capital of approximately 13.9 million, 6.0
million and 5.5 million, respectively, and with current cash on hand of approximately 2.7 million as of March 29, 2023, the Company
expects to be able to continue as a going concern through the third quarter of 2023. 

Our
consolidated financial statements have been prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
of America U.S. GAAP ), which contemplate continuation of the Company as a going concern and the realization of assets
and satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. The carrying amounts of assets and liabilities presented in the consolidated
financial statements do not necessarily purport to represent realizable or settlement values. The consolidated financial statements do
not include any adjustment that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Recent Financing and Settlement Transactions 

Convertible Debt
Conversions 

From
November 27, 2020 to February 5, 2021, the holders of the Company s convertible promissory notes converted an aggregate of 4,782,107
owed under such convertible notes into an aggregate of 99,338 shares of common stock, pursuant to the terms of such notes, as amended,
at conversion prices of between 40.00 and 65.80 per share. 

During the third quarter
of 2021, certain noteholders elected to convert certain convertible notes payable with an aggregate principal balance of 1,234,334 and
an aggregate accrued interest balance of 105,850 into an aggregate of 23,357 shares of the Company s common stock at conversion
prices ranging from 49.00- 65.80 per share. The shares issued upon the conversion of the convertible promissory notes had a fair value
at issuance of 1,941,125. 

February 2021 Offering 

On
February 19, 2021, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement with a number of institutional investors (the Purchasers pursuant to which the Company agreed to sell to the Purchasers an aggregate of 128,200 shares (the Shares of the
Company s common stock and warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of 128,200 shares of the Company s common stock (the SPA
Warrants ), at a combined purchase price of 91.00 per Share and accompanying SPA Warrant (the Offering ).
Aggregate gross proceeds from the Offering were approximately 11.7 million, prior to deducting placement agent fees and estimated offering
expenses payable by the Company. Net proceeds to the Company from the Offering, after deducting the placement agent fees and offering
expenses payable by the Company, were approximately 10.8 million. The Offering closed on February 23, 2021. 

116 

Maxim
Group LLC (the Placement Agent acted as exclusive placement agent in connection with the Offering pursuant to an
Engagement Letter between the Company and the Placement Agent dated January 26, 2021 (as amended on February 18, 2021). Pursuant to the
Engagement Letter, the Placement Agent received a commission equal to seven percent (7 of the aggregate gross proceeds of the Offering,
or 816,634. 

Conversion of Bridge
Notes 

On
March 8, 2021, the holders of the Company s convertible bridge notes, which were issued on December 27, 2019 and January 3, 2020
to various purchasers, converted an aggregate of 432,383, which included accrued interest of 66,633 owed under such convertible bridge
notes, into an aggregate of 7,920 shares of common stock pursuant to the terms of such notes, as amended, at a conversion price of 54.60
per share. 

Earlybird Capital
Settlement Agreement 

On
April 23, 2021, the Company settled the amounts due pursuant to a certain finder agreement entered into with EarlyBird Capital, Inc. EarlyBird on October 17, 2017 (the Finder Agreement ). The Company s Board of Directors determined
it was in the best interests to settle all claims which had been made or could be made with respect to the Finder Agreement and entered
into a settlement agreement (the Settlement Agreement ). Pursuant to the Settlement Agreement, the Company paid EarlyBird
a cash payment of 275,000 and issued 11,250 shares of the Company s restricted common stock with a grant date value of 1,973,250
to EarlyBird, in full satisfaction of accounts payable in the amount of 1,750,000. The Company recorded a loss of 223,250 in connection
with the Settlement Agreement, which is included in (loss) gain on settlement of liabilities in the accompanying condensed consolidated
statements of operations. 

Alpha Capital Settlement
Agreement 

On
July 31, 2021, the Company reached an agreement to settle the amounts allegedly due pursuant to a certain convertible note agreement
entered into with Alpha Capital Anstalt Alpha on September 8, 2020 (the Alpha Note ). The
Company s Board of Directors determined it was in the best interest of the Company to settle all claims which had been made or
could be made with respect to the Alpha Note and entered into a settlement agreement Alpha Settlement Agreement ).
Pursuant to the Alpha Settlement Agreement, the Company issued 7,500 shares of common stock and three-year warrants to purchase 1,250
shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise price of 141.40 per share, in exchange for full and complete satisfaction
of the Alpha Note. 

August 2021 Offering 

On
August 23, 2021, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement with certain purchasers (the August 2021 Purchasers ),
pursuant to which the Company agreed to sell an aggregate of 125,000 shares of common stock (the August 2021 Shares and warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of 125,000 shares of common stock (the August 2021 PIPE Warrants ), at
a combined purchase price of 120.00 per share and August 2021 PIPE Warrant (the August 2021 Offering ). Aggregate
gross proceeds from the offering were approximately 15 million. Net proceeds to the Company from the offering, after deducting the placement
agent fees and estimated offering expenses payable by the Company, were approximately 13.9 million. The placement agent fees and offering
expenses were accounted for as a reduction of additional paid in capital. The Placement Agent received a commission equal to seven percent
(7 of the aggregate gross proceeds of the Offering, or 1,050,000. The offering closed on August 23, 2021. 

In
connection with the August 2021 Offering, the Company also entered into a Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of August 23, 2021,
with the August 2021 Purchasers (the August 2021 Registration Rights Agreement ). Pursuant to the August 2021 Registration
Rights Agreement, the Company agreed to file a registration statement with the SEC on or prior to September 12, 2021 to register the
resale of the August 2021 Shares and the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the August 2021 PIPE Warrants (the Warrant
Shares ), and to cause such registration statement to be declared effective on or prior to October 22, 2021 (or, in the event
of a full review by the SEC, November 21, 2021). The registration statement was filed with the SEC on August 31,
2021 and the SEC declared it effective on September 9, 2021. 

117 

Exchanges of Related Party Loans and Convertible
Notes 

On September 30, 2021, Dr.
Lawrence Steinman and Sir Marc Feldmann, Ph.D., each of whom serve as Co-Executive Chairmen of the Company s Board of Directors,
agreed with the Company to convert amounts owed under outstanding loans with an aggregate principal balance of 693,371 and an aggregate
accrued interest balance of 157,741 into an aggregate of 7,093 shares of the Company s common stock at the conversion price of
 120.00 per share, pursuant to the terms of the agreement, which conversion rate was above the closing consolidated bid price of the
Company s common stock on the date the binding agreement was entered into. (See Note 9 Loans Payable and Note 10 Convertible Notes
Payable for more information.) 

Mintz Levin Settlement 

In
September 2021, the Company entered into a settlement agreement with Mintz, Levin, Cohn, Ferris, Glovsky and Popeo, P.C. Mintz ),
whereby the Company agreed to pay 800,000 to Mintz for legal services rendered. Mintz had billed the Company an aggregate of 1,454,240
before factoring any interest charges. The Company recorded a gain of approximately 650,000 after making payment pursuant to the settlement
agreement. 

Cantor Fitzgerald 
Co. Litigation Settlement 

On
October 12, 2021, the Company and Cantor Fitzgerald Co. entered into a settlement agreement, whereby the Company agreed to pay
to Cantor 200,000 in return for dismissal of the case against the Company. The Company sent the funds to Cantor on October 13, 2021.
As of September 30, 2021, the Company recorded an accrual for the settlement amount as per the agreement. 

On
October 21, 2021, the Company received a notice of discontinuance and as a result, the matter between the Company and Cantor is settled
and closed. 

July 2022 Offering 

On July 17, 2022, the Company
entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement with certain purchasers, pursuant to which the Company agreed to sell an aggregate of 175,000
shares of common stock, pre-funded warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of 131,604 shares of common stock July 2022 Pre-Funded
Warrants ), and common stock warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of 306,604 shares of common stock (the July 2022 Common
Warrants ), at a combined purchase price of 21.20 per share and warrant (the July 2022 Offering ). Aggregate gross
proceeds from the July 2022 Offering were 6,499,737. Net proceeds to the Company from the offering, after deducting the placement agent
fees and other estimated offering expenses payable by the Company, were approximately 6.0 million. The placement agent fees and offering
expenses of approximately 530,000 were accounted for as a reduction of additional paid in capital. The July 2022 Offering closed on
July 20, 2022. 

December 2022 Offering 

On December 20, 2022, the
Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement with certain purchasers, pursuant to which the Company agreed to sell an aggregate
of 215,000 shares of common stock, pre-funded warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of 1,499,286 shares of common stock December
2022 Pre-Funded Warrants ), and common stock warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of 2,571,429 shares of common stock (the December
2022 Common Warrants ), at a combined purchase price of 3.50 per share and warrant (the December 2022 Offering ).
Aggregate gross proceeds from the December 2022 Offering were 5,999,851. Net proceeds to the Company from the offering, after deducting
the placement agent fees and other estimated offering expenses payable by the Company, were approximately 5.5 million. The placement
agent fees and offering expenses of approximately 500,000 were accounted for as a reduction of additional paid in capital. The December
2022 Offering closed on December 22, 2022. 

118 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 

The
Company s consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles that are generally accepted in
the United States. The preparation of these consolidated financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that
affect the reported amounts of its assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses. The Company has identified certain policies and estimates
as critical to its business operations and the understanding of its past or present results of operations related to (i) goodwill and
(ii) intangible assets and in-process research and development IP R D ). These policies and estimates are considered
critical because they had a material impact, or they have the potential to have a material impact, on the Company s consolidated
financial statements and because they require management to make significant judgments, assumptions or estimates. The Company believes
that the estimates, judgments and assumptions made when accounting for the items described below were reasonable, based on information
available at the time they were made. However, actual results may differ from those estimates, and these differences may be material. 

Goodwill/Intangible Assets and In-Process
Research and Development 

The Company has a significant
amount of goodwill, intangible assets and IP R D assets that are assessed at least annually for impairment. The impairment analyses
of these assets are considered critical because of their significance to the Company. Intangible assets arising from business combinations
or acquisitions, such as goodwill, patents and IP R D assets are initially recorded at estimated fair value. Licensed patents are
amortized over the remaining life of the patent. IP R D assets are considered to be indefinite-lived until the completion or abandonment
of the associated research and development projects. Our goodwill was derived from acquisitions where the purchase price exceeded the
fair value of the net assets acquired The Company is required to reassign goodwill to reporting units whenever reorganizations of the
internal reporting structure change the composition of its reporting units. The Company identified one reporting unit which represents
its sole operating segment. 

The Company is required to
assess goodwill/intangible assets and IP R D assets at least annually, or more frequently, if an event occurs or circumstances change
that indicates it is more likely than not the fair value of the Company s reporting unit was less than its carrying value. In assessing
goodwill/intangible assets and IP R D assets for impairment, the Company may first assess qualitative factors to determine whether
it is more likely than not that the fair value of its reporting unit is less than its carrying value. 

Goodwill Impairment. The
first step of the goodwill asset impairment test used to identify potential impairment compares the fair value of the reporting unit
with its carrying amount, including goodwill assets. The Company determined the fair market value of its single reporting unit as of
December 31, 2021 to be its market capitalization of 132,760,914, which represents 78.00 per share (the market close price) multiplied
by 1,702,063 shares (consisting of 1,701,799 shares of common stock plus 264 special voting shares which are exchangeable into common
stock for no additional consideration) on December 31, 2021. The carrying amount of the reporting unit as of December 31, 2021 was 39,322,695
(total assets of 62.7 million less total liabilities of 23.4 million). 

Since the fair value of the
Company 132,760,914) exceeded the carrying value of the Company 39,322,695) as of December 31, 2021, and the carrying value of the
Company is greater than zero, management concluded the goodwill assets of the reporting unit was not impaired. 

The Company s publicly
traded stock closed at 78.00 per share as of December 31, 2021; during 2022, the market value of the Company s single reporting
unit significantly declined. As of March 31, 2022, June 30, 2022, September 30, 2022 and December 31, 2022, the market value of the Company s
publicly traded stock fell to 51.80, 16.96, 13.30 and 3.39, per share, respectively, and as such, the Company elected to conduct
a quantitative analysis of goodwill to assess for impairment as of September 30, 2022 and December 31, 2022. The Company determined the
fair market value of its single reporting unit and compared that value with the carrying amount of the reporting unit and determined
that goodwill was impaired as of both measurement dates. As of September 30, 2022 and December 31, 2022, the carrying value exceeded
the fair market value by 18,872,850 and 14,674,428, respectively. To recognize the impairment of goodwill, the Company recorded losses
for these amounts at the end of the third and fourth quarters, which appear as a loss on goodwill impairment of 33,547,278 on the income
statement for the year ended December 31, 2022. See Note 5 Intangible Assets and Impairment of Long-lived Assets for further
information. 

119 

IP R D Assets Impairment 

As of December 31, 2022,
the carrying amount of the IP R D assets on the balance sheet was 12,405,084 (which consists of carrying value of 1,462,084 and
 10,943,000 related to the Company s CBR Pharma subsidiary and its 180 LP subsidiary, respectively). Per the valuation obtained
from a third party as of year-end, the fair market value of the Company s IP R D assets was determined to be 9,063,000 (which
consists of fair market values of 0 and 9,063,000 related to the Company s CBR Pharma subsidiary and 180 LP subsidiary, respectively).
As of this measurement date, the carrying value of the CBR Pharma and 180 LP subsidiaries assets exceeded their fair market values
by 1,462,084 and 1,880,000, respectively. As such, management determined that the consolidated IP R D assets were impaired by 3,342,084
and, in order to recognize the impairment, the Company recorded a loss for this amount during the fourth quarter of 2022, which appears
as a loss on impairment of IP R D assets on the income statement. This reduced the IP R D asset balances of its CBR Pharma subsidiary
and its 180 LP subsidiary to zero and 9,063,000, respectively, as of December 31, 2022; the total consolidated IP R D asset balance
is 9,063,000 after impairment. See Note 5 Intangible Assets and Impairment of Long-lived Assets for further information. 

The Company will continue
to perform goodwill/intangible assets and IP R D assets Impairment testing on an annual basis, or as needed if there are changes to
the composition of its reporting unit. 

Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements 

See Note 3 Summary
of Significant Accounting Policies of our consolidated financial statements included within this Annual Report for a summary of recently
issued and adopted accounting pronouncements. 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE
AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK. 

Pursuant to Item 305(e)) of
Regulation S-K 229.305(e)), the Company is not required to provide the information required by this Item as it is a smaller
reporting company, as defined by Rule 229.10(f)(1), however, the Company has provided the following information below relating
to interest rate risk. 

Interest Rate Risk 

We are exposed to market
risks in the ordinary course of its business. These risks primarily include interest rate sensitivities. As of December 31, 2022, we
had 6,970,110 in cash and cash equivalents. We intend to hold our cash in interest-bearing money market accounts. Our primary exposure
to market risk is interest rate sensitivity, which is affected by changes in the general level of U.S. interest rates. Due to the short-term
maturities of our cash equivalents and the low risk profile of its investments, an immediate 100 basis point change in interest rates
would not have a material effect on the fair market value of our cash equivalents. 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
AND SUPPLEMENTAL DATA. 

The information required by
this Item is included in this Report as set forth in the Index to Consolidated Financial Statements which appears on page
F-1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, after the signature pages of this Report, and is incorporated by reference herein. 

120 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND
DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. 

None. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND
PROCEDURES. 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Our management, with the participation
of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures,
as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) promulgated under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange
Act") as of December 31, 2022. Based on such evaluation, the principal executive officer and the principal financial officer have
concluded that the Company's disclosure controls and procedures were effective. 

Management s Report on Internal Control
over Financial Reporting 

Management of 180 Life Sciences
Corp. is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in
Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f). Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed by, or under the supervision
of, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, or persons performing similar functions, and effected by our board
of directors to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those
policies and procedures that: (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the
transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary
to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures
of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and (iii) provide reasonable
assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the Company s assets that
could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because of its inherent limitations,
internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective
can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation, projections of any evaluation
of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or that
the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

We are a smaller reporting
company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K under the Securities Act. For as long as we continue to be a smaller reporting
company, we may take advantage of exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are
not smaller reporting companies. 

Management of 180 Life Sciences
Corp., including our principal financial officer, conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the Company s internal control
over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 using the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission COSO in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013). 

Management concluded that
certain aspects of the Company s internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of December 31, 2022, based on those
criteria. Specifically, management s conclusion was based on the following material weakness: 

The Company s review and control procedures did not operate at the appropriate level of precision to detect an error in fair value of warrants related to a one-time reverse stock split and the fair value of IP R D assets. 

121 

A material weakness is a
control deficiency or combination of control deficiencies, that results in more than a remote likelihood that a material misstatement
of the annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. As a company with limited accounting
resources, a significant amount of management s time and attention has been and will be diverted from our business to ensure compliance
with these regulatory requirements. 

Remediation Plan 

Management intends to take
steps to develop and enhance its internal controls over financial reporting, including: 

Implement an analysis of fluctuations and variances on a quarterly basis for the Income Statement which would detect material movements in account balances from both a dollar amount and percentage change perspective and research any differences over a defined threshold. 

Implement an additional layer of review over the SEC reporting process and ensure that the overall financial statements and preparation are subject to concurring review by a member of the SEC reporting team other than the SEC reporting manager. 

Remediation Of Material Weaknesses in Internal
Control over Financial Reporting 

The Company had previously
reported that, as of December 31, 2021, it had identified the following two material weaknesses in its internal control over financial
reporting: 

Financial Reporting Systems: The Company did not maintain a fully integrated financial consolidation and reporting system throughout the period and as a result, extensive manual analysis, reconciliation and adjustments were required in order to produce financial statements for external reporting purposes. 

Ineffective review controls over period end financial disclosure and reporting processes related to stock-based compensation and payroll expense classification. 

122 

During the year ended December
31, 2022, the Company has taken corrective action and/or placed in operation, controls to address the two material weaknesses described
above, including Financial Reporting Systems and review controls over the stock-based compensation process. We have performed the following
steps in 2022: 

1. Retained the same accounting personnel throughout all reporting periods in 2022 to establish continuity
of processes and implement sustainable improvements and efficiencies in the financial reporting and consolidation tools and procedures. 

2. We have successfully implemented a consolidation tool that links to our ERP, which has accomplished the
following: 

a. Strengthened the chart of accounts to require roll ups; 

b. Included a comprehensive review of mapping before implementation and new procedures to enhance the controls
on future changes, and 

c. Automated reporting and calculations whenever possible. 

3. Implemented additional steps as part of Management reviews to include additional high-level steps such
as mapping considerations to financial reporting and detailed reviews of annual schedules to ensure the completeness and appropriate classification
of expenses in the financial disclosure and reporting process. 

Based on the corrective actions
described above, and testing completed for the year ended December 31, 2022, management has concluded that the two material weaknesses
noted above that existed as of December 31, 2021 have been remediated. 

Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls
and Procedures 

In designing and evaluating
the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated,
can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. In addition, the design of disclosure controls and
procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints and that management is required to apply its judgment in evaluating
the benefits of possible controls and procedures relative to their costs. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting 

There have been no changes
in the Company s internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended December 31, 2022, that materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION. 

Because this Annual Report
on Form 10-K is being filed within four business days from the date of the reportable event discussed below, we have elected to make the
following disclosures in this Annual Report on Form 10-K instead of in a Current Report on Form 8-K under Item 8.01 , as applicable: 

Item 8.01 Other Events. 

As previously disclosed, on
January 18, 2023, Mr. Quan Vu resigned as Chief Operating/Chief Business Officer of the Company effective the same date and entered into
a Separation and Release Agreement with the Company (the Separation Agreement ). On March 29, 2023, an error in the
Separation Agreement was corrected by the parties entry into a First Amendment to Separation Agreement (the First Amendment ),
effective as of the date of the original agreement, which clarified that none of the amount received by Mr. Vu pursuant to the Separation
Agreement related to a bonus for 2021. The First Amendment did not change the total aggregate consideration paid to Mr. Vu under the Separation
Agreement, or any of the other terms thereof. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING
FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS. 

None. 

123 

PART III 

Information required by Items
10, 11, 12, 13 and 14 of Part III is omitted from this Annual Report and will be filed in a definitive proxy statement or by an amendment
to this Annual Report not later than 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this Annual Report. 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE
OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE. 

The information required
by this Item is included under the headings Election of Directors , Executive Officers , Corporate
Governance , Code of Ethics , Board Committee Membership , and Delinquent
Section 16(a) Reports (to the extent applicable and warranted) in the Company s 2023 Proxy Statement to be filed with
the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC within 120 days after December 31, 2022, in connection with the
solicitation of proxies for the Company s 2023 annual meeting of stockholders and is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION. 

The information required
by this Item is included under the headings Executive and Director Compensation , Executive Compensation ,
 Director Compensation , Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End , Compensation
Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation and Compensation Committee Report (to the extent required),
in the Company s 2023 Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after December 31, 2022 and is incorporated
herein by reference. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP
OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS. 

The information required
by this Item is included under the heading Voting Rights and Principal Stockholders and Equity Compensation
Plan Information in the Company s 2023 Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after December 31,
2022, and is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS
AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE. 

The information required
by this Item is included under the headings Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Corporate
Governance - Director Independence in the Company s 2023 Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC
within 120 days after December 31, 2022 and is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT
FEES AND SERVICES. 

Our independent public accounting
firm is Marcum LLP, San Francisco, CA, PCAOB Auditor ID Auditor Firm Id: 688. 

The information required
by this Item is included under the heading Ratification of Appointment of Auditors - Audit Fees 
in the Company s 2023 Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after December 31, 2022 and is incorporated
herein by reference. 

124 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS AND SCHEDULES 

(a) Documents filed as part of this
Annual Report: 

The following is an index
of the financial statements, schedules and exhibits included in this Form 10-K or incorporated herein by reference. 

(1) All Financial Statements 

Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 F-2 
 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 F-4 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss 
 F-5 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity 
 F-6 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 F-8 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-10 

(2) Consolidated Financial Statement Schedules 

Except as provided above,
all financial statement schedules have been omitted, since the required information is not applicable or is not present in amounts sufficient
to require submission of the schedule, or because the information required is included in the consolidated financial statements and notes
thereto included in this Form 10-K. 

(3) Exhibits 

EXHIBIT INDEX 

Filed/ 
 Furnished 
 
 Incorporated
 by Reference 
 
 Exhibit
 No. 
 
 Description 
 
 Herewith 
 
 Form 
 
 File
 No. 
 
 Exhibit 
 
 Filing
 Date 
 
 1.1 
 
 Placement Agent Agreement dated July 17, 2022, between 180 Life Sciences Corp. and A.G.P./Alliance Global Partners 

8-K 
 
 001-38105 
 
 1.1 
 
 7/19/2022 
 
 1.2 
 
 Placement Agent Agreement, dated December 20, 2022, between 180 Life Sciences Corp. and A.G.P./Alliance Global Partners 

8-K 
 
 001-38105 
 
 1.1 
 
 12/22/2022 
 
 3.1 
 
 Certificate of Incorporation. 

S-1 
 
 333-217475 
 
 3.1 
 
 4/26/2017 
 
 3.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation. 

8-K 
 
 001-38105 
 
 3.1 
 
 6/7/2017 
 
 3.3 
 
 Amendment to Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation. 

8-K 
 
 001-38105 
 
 3.1 
 
 3/8/2019 
 
 3.4 
 
 Second Amendment to Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation. 

8-K 
 
 001-38105 
 
 3.1 
 
 6/6/2019 
 
 3.5 
 
 Third Amendment to Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation. 

8-K 
 
 001-38105 
 
 3.1 
 
 12/6/2019 
 
 3.6 
 
 Fourth Amendment to Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation 

8-K 
 
 001-38105 
 
 3.1 
 
 4/8/2020 
 
 3.7 
 
 Fifth Amendment to Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation 

8-K 
 
 001-38105 
 
 3.1 
 
 7/13/2020 
 
 3.8 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation 

8-K 
 
 001-38105 
 
 3.1 
 
 11/12/2020 
 
 3.9 
 
 Certificate of Amendment of Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of 180 Life Sciences Corp., filed with the Secretary of State of Delaware on December 15, 2022 

8-K 
 
 001-38105 
 
 3.1 
 
 12/16/2022 
 
 3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of 180 Life Sciences Corp. 

8-K 
 
 001-38105 
 
 3.1 
 
 8/10/2021 
 
 4.1 
 
 Specimen Unit Certificate. 

S-1 
 
 333-217475 
 
 4.1 
 
 4/26/2017 
 
 4.2 
 
 Specimen Common Stock Certificate. 

S-1 
 
 333-217475 
 
 4.2 
 
 4/26/2017 
 
 4.3 
 
 Specimen Warrant Certificate. 

S-1 
 
 333-217475 
 
 4.3 
 
 4/26/2017 
 
 4.4 
 
 Specimen Right Certificate. 

S-1 
 
 333-217475 
 
 4.5 
 
 5/26/2017 
 
 4.5 
 
 Warrant Agreement, dated as of June 1, 2017, between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and the Company. 

8-K 
 
 001-38105 
 
 4.1 
 
 6/7/2017 
 
 4.6 
 
 Description of the Registrant s Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended 
 
 X 

125 

4.7 
 
 Form of 10 Senior Secured Convertible Promissory Note issued June 2020. 

8-K 
 
 001-38105 
 
 4.8 
 
 7/2/2020 
 
 4.8 
 
 Form of 10 Senior Secured Convertible Promissory Note 

8-K 
 
 001-38105 
 
 4.1 
 
 9/14/2020 
 
 4.9 
 
 Form of Warrant (February 2021 Private Offering) 

8-K 
 
 001-38105 
 
 4.1 
 
 2/24/2021 
 
 4.1 
 
 Form of Pre-Funded Warrant (July 2022 Offering) 

8-K 
 
 001-38105 
 
 4.1 
 
 7/19/2022 
 
 4.2 
 
 Form of Common Warrant (July 2022 Offering) 

8-K 
 
 001-38105 
 
 4.2 
 
 7/19/2022 
 
 4.3 
 
 Form of Pre-Funded Warrant (December 2022 Offering) 

8-K 
 
 001-38105 
 
 4.1 
 
 12/22/2022 
 
 4.4 
 
 Form of Common Warrant (December 2022 Offering) 

8-K 
 
 001-38105 
 
 4.2 
 
 12/22/2022 
 
 4.5 
 
 Warrant Amendment, dated January 12, 2023, by and between 180 Life Sciences Corp. and the Purchaser 

8-K 
 
 001-38105 
 
 4.1 
 
 1/12/2023 
 
 10.1 
 
 Investment Management Trust Account Agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and the Company. 

8-K 
 
 001-38105 
 
 10.1 
 
 6/7/2017 
 
 10.2 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement among the Company and certain securityholders. 

8-K 
 
 001-38105 
 
 10.3 
 
 6/7/2017 
 
 10.3 
 
 Form of Indemnity Agreement. 

S-1 
 
 333-217475 
 
 10.8 
 
 4/26/2017 
 
 10.4 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated June 12, 2020, by and among the Company and the purchasers signatory thereto. 

8-K 
 
 001-38105 
 
 10.1 
 
 7/2/2020 
 
 10.5 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of June 12, 2020, by and among the Company and the parties signatory thereto. 

8-K 
 
 001-38105 
 
 10.2 
 
 7/2/2020 
 
 10.6 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated September 8, 2020, by and among the Company and the purchasers signatory thereto 

8-K 
 
 001-38105 
 
 10.1 
 
 9/14/2020 
 
 10.7 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated September 8, 2020, by and among the Company and the parties signatory thereto 

8-K 
 
 001-38105 
 
 10.2 
 
 9/14/2020 
 
 10.8 
 
 Amended and Restated Promissory Note, dated September 2020, issued to KBL IV Sponsor LLC 

S-1 
 
 333-249539 
 
 10.24 
 
 10/19/2020 
 
 10.9 
 
 Escrow Agreement dated November 6, 2020, by and between the registrant, Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, and Lawrence Pemble. 

8-K 
 
 001-38105 
 
 10.2 
 
 11/12/2020 
 
 10.10 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement dated as of February 19, 2021, by and between 180 Life Sciences Corp. and the purchasers identified on the signature pages thereto. 

8-K 
 
 001-38105 
 
 10.1 
 
 2/24/2021 
 
 10.11 
 
 Engagement Letter dated January 26, 2021, between 180 Life Sciences Corp. and Maxim Group LLC. 

8-K 
 
 001-38105 
 
 10.2 
 
 2/24/2021 
 
 10.12 
 
 Amendment to Engagement Letter between 180 Life Sciences Corp. and Maxim Group LLC dated February 18, 2021. 

8-K 
 
 001-38105 
 
 10.3 
 
 2/24/2021 
 
 10.13 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement dated as of February 23, 2021, by and between 180 Life Sciences Corp. and the purchasers signatory thereto. 

8-K 
 
 001-38105 
 
 10.4 
 
 2/24/2021 
 
 10.14# 
 
 Consultancy Agreement dated February 22, 2021, by and between 180 Life Sciences Corp. and Prof Jagdeep Nanchahal 

8-K 
 
 001-38105 
 
 10.1 
 
 3/3/2021 
 
 10.15# 
 
 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement dated February 25, 2021, and effective November 6, 2020, by and between 180 Life Sciences Corp. and James N. Woody 

8-K 
 
 001-38105 
 
 10.2 
 
 3/3/2021 
 
 10.16# 
 
 James N. Woody - Stock Option Agreement effective February 26, 2021 (70,000 shares) 

8-K 
 
 001-38105 
 
 10.3 
 
 3/3/2021 

126 

10.17# 
 
 Employment Agreement dated February 24, 2021, and effective November 6, 2020, by and between 180 Life Sciences Corp. and Ozan Pamir and Amendment and Correction Thereto dated March 1, 2021 

8-K 
 
 001-38105 
 
 10.4 
 
 3/3/2021 
 
 10.18# 
 
 Ozan Pamir - Stock Option Agreement effective February 26, 2021 (9,000 shares) 

8-K 
 
 001-38105 
 
 10.5 
 
 3/3/2021 
 
 10.19# 
 
 First Amendment to Consultancy Agreement dated March 31, 2021, by and between 180 Life Sciences Corp. and Prof Jagdeep Nanchahal 

8-K 
 
 001-38105 
 
 10.2 
 
 4/2/2021 
 
 10.20# 
 
 Second Amendment to Employment Agreement dated May 27, 2021, and effective November 6, 2020, by and between 180 Life Sciences Corp., Katexco Pharmaceuticals Corp. and Ozan Pamir 

8-K 
 
 001-38105 
 
 10.2 
 
 5/27/2021 
 
 10.21# 
 
 Form of Director Nominee Offer Letter (May 2021) 

8-K 
 
 001-38105 
 
 10.1 
 
 5/27/2021 
 
 10.22# 
 
 Form of August 21, 2019 Employment Agreement between KBL Merger Corp. IV and Jonathan Rothbard 

10-K 
 
 001-38105 
 
 10.44 
 
 7/9/2022 
 
 10.23 
 
 Sir Marc Feldmann Confirmation of Rescission of Note Amendments effective February 25, 2021 

10-Q 
 
 001-38105 
 
 10.15 
 
 7/19/2021 
 
 10.24 
 
 Dr. Lawrence Steinman Confirmation of Rescission of Note Amendments effective February 25, 2021 

10-Q 
 
 001-38105 
 
 10.16 
 
 7/19/2021 
 
 10.25 
 
 Common Stock Purchase Warrant dated July 31, 2021, to purchase 1,250 shares of common stock of 180 Life Sciences Corp., granted to Alpha Capital Anstalt 

8-K 
 
 001-38105 
 
 4.1 
 
 8/2/2021 

10.26 
 
 Form of Stock Option Agreement (Independent Directors August 2021 Grants) 

10-Q 
 
 001-38105 
 
 10.9 
 
 8/6/2021 
 
 10.27 
 
 Form of Purchaser Warrant (August 2021 Offering) 

8-K 
 
 001-38105 
 
 4.1 
 
 8/24/2021 
 
 10.28 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement dated as of August 19, 2021, by and between 180 Life Sciences Corp. and the purchasers identified on the signature pages thereto 

8-K 
 
 001-38105 
 
 10.1 
 
 8/24/2021 
 
 10.29 
 
 Engagement Letter dated August 17, 2021, between 180 Life Sciences Corp. and Maxim Group LLC 

8-K 
 
 001-38105 
 
 10.2 
 
 8/24/2021 
 
 10.30 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement dated as of August 23, 2021, by and between 180 Life Sciences Corp. and the purchasers signatory thereto 

8-K 
 
 001-38105 
 
 10.3 
 
 8/24/2021 

127 

10.31# 
 
 180 Life Sciences Corp. 2020 Omnibus Incentive Plan 

S-8 
 
 333-259918 
 
 4.1 
 
 9/30/2021 
 
 10.32 
 
 Form of Stock Option Agreement 180 Life Sciences Corp. 2020 Omnibus Incentive Plan 

S-8 
 
 333-259918 
 
 4.2 
 
 9/30/2021 
 
 10.33 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Grant Agreement Stock Option Agreement 180 Life Sciences Corp. 2020 Omnibus Incentive Plan 

S-8 
 
 333-259918 
 
 4.3 
 
 9/30/2021 
 
 10.34# 
 
 October 29, 2021, Employment Agreement between 180 Life Sciences Corp. and Quan Anh Vu 

8-K 
 
 001-38105 
 
 10.1 
 
 10/29/2021 
 
 10.35# 
 
 Sir Marc Feldmann Confirmation of Rescission of Note Amendments effective February 25, 2021 

10-Q 
 
 001-38105 
 
 10.15 
 
 7/19/2021 
 
 10.36# 
 
 Dr. Lawrence Steinman Confirmation of Rescission of Note Amendments effective February 25, 2021 

10-Q 
 
 001-38105 
 
 10.16 
 
 7/19/2021 
 
 10.37 
 
 Common Stock Purchase Warrant dated July 31, 2021, to purchase 1,250 shares of common stock of 180 Life Sciences Corp., granted to Alpha Capital Anstalt 

8-K 
 
 001-38105 
 
 4.1 
 
 8/2/2021 
 
 10.38# 
 
 Form of Stock Option Agreement (Independent Directors August 2021 Grants) 

10-Q 
 
 001-38105 
 
 10.9 
 
 8/16/2021 
 
 10.39# 
 
 Consulting Agreement dated November 17, 2021, by and between 180 Life Science Corp. and Lawrence Steinman, M.D. 

8-K 
 
 001-38105 
 
 10.1 
 
 11/18/2021 
 
 10.40# 
 
 First Amendment to Amended and Restated Employment Agreement dated April 27, 2022, between 180 Life Sciences Corp. and James N. Woody, M.D., Ph.D. 

8-K 
 
 001-38105 
 
 10.1 
 
 4/28/2022 
 
 10.41# 
 
 First Amendment to Employment Agreement dated April 27, 2022, between 180 Life Sciences Corp. and Quan Anh Vu 

8-K 
 
 001-38105 
 
 10.2 
 
 4/28/2022 
 
 10.42# 
 
 First Amendment to Employment Agreement dated April 27, 2022, between 180 Life Sciences Corp. and Jonathan Rothbard, Ph.D. 

8-K 
 
 001-38105 
 
 10.3 
 
 4/28/2022 
 
 10.43# 
 
 First Amendment to Employment Agreement dated April 27, 2022, between Cannbiorex Pharma Ltd. and Sir Marc Feldmann, Ph.D. 

8-K 
 
 001-38105 
 
 10.4 
 
 4/28/2022 
 
 10.44# 
 
 First Amendment to Consulting Agreement dated April 27, 2022, between 180 Life Sciences Corp. and Lawrence Steinman, M.D. 

8-K 
 
 001-38105 
 
 10.5 
 
 4/28/2022 
 
 10.45# 
 
 Second Amendment to Consulting Agreement dated April 27, 2022, between Cannbiorex Pharma Ltd. and Prof. Jagdeep Nanchahal 

8-K 
 
 001-38105 
 
 10.6 
 
 4/28/2022 
 
 10.46# 
 
 Second Amendment to Employment Agreement dated May 26, 2022 and effective as of June 1, 2022, between 180 Life Sciences Corp. and James N. Woody, M.D., Ph.D. 

8-K 
 
 001-38105 
 
 10.1 
 
 5/26/2022 
 
 10.47# 
 
 Second Amendment to Employment Agreement dated May 26, 2022 and effective as of June 1, 2022, between 180 Life Sciences Corp. and Quan Anh Vu 

8-K 
 
 001-38105 
 
 10.2 
 
 5/26/2022 

10.48# 
 
 Second Amendment to Employment Agreement dated May 26, 2022 and effective as of June 1, 2022, between 180 Life Sciences Corp. and Jonathan Rothbard, Ph.D. 

8-K 
 
 001-38105 
 
 10.3 
 
 5/26/2022 
 
 10.49# 
 
 Second Amendment to Consulting Agreement dated May 26, 2022 and effective as of June 1, 2022, between 180 Life Sciences Corp. and Lawrence Steinman, M.D 

8-K 
 
 001-38105 
 
 10.4 
 
 5/26/2022 
 
 10.50# 
 
 180 Life Sciences Corp. 2022 Omnibus Incentive Plan 

8-K 
 
 001-38105 
 
 10.1 
 
 6/14/2022 
 
 10.51 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement dated July 17, 2022, by and between 180 Life Sciences Corp. and the Purchaser 

8-K 
 
 001-38105 
 
 10.1 
 
 7/19/2022 

128 

10.52 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated December 20, 2022, by and between 180 Life Sciences Corp. and the Purchaser 

8-K 
 
 001-38105 
 
 10.1 
 
 12/20/2022 
 
 10.53 
 
 Warrant Agent Agreement for the Pre-Funded Warrants, dated December 22, 2022, by and between 180 Life Sciences Corp. and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company 

8-K 
 
 001-38105 
 
 10.2 
 
 12/20/2022 
 
 10.54 
 
 Warrant Agent Agreement for the Common Warrants, dated December 22, 2022, by and between 180 Life Sciences Corp. and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company 

8-K 
 
 001-38105 
 
 10.3 
 
 12/20/2022 
 
 10.55# 
 
 Form of Lock-Up Agreement (December 2022 Offering) 

8-K 
 
 001-38105 
 
 10.4 
 
 12/20/2022 
 
 10.56# 
 
 Third Amendment to Consulting Agreement dated December 28, 2022, between 180 Life Sciences Corp., Cannbiorex Pharma Ltd. and Prof. Jagdeep Nanchahal 

8-K 
 
 001-38105 
 
 10.1 
 
 12/29/2022 
 
 10.57# 
 
 Separation and Release Agreement, dated January 18, 2023, by and between 180 Life Sciences Corp. and Quan Vu 

8-K 
 
 001-38105 
 
 10.1 
 
 1/20/2023 
 
 10.58 
 
 Amendment to the Warrant Agent Agreement, dated January 13, 2023, by and between 180 Life Sciences Corp. and the Warrant Agent 

8-K 
 
 001-38105 
 
 10.1 
 
 1/18/2023 

10.59 # 
 
 First Amendment to Separation and Release Agreement, dated March 29, 2023, by and between 180 Life Sciences Corp. and Quan Vu 
 
 X 

14.1# 
 
 Code of Business and Ethics 

S-1 
 
 333-217475 
 
 14 
 
 4/26/2017 
 
 21.1 
 
 List of Subsidiaries 
 
 X 

23.1 
 
 Marcum LLP 
 
 X 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act 
 
 X 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Accounting Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act 
 
 X 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act 
 
 X 

32.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Accounting Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act 
 
 X 

99.1 
 
 Form of Audit Committee Charter. 

S-1 
 
 333-217475 
 
 99.1 
 
 4/26/2017 
 
 99.2 
 
 Form of Compensation Committee Charter. 

S-1 
 
 333-217475 
 
 99.2 
 
 4/26/2017 
 
 99.3 
 
 Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Charter 

8-K 
 
 001-38105 
 
 99.8 
 
 11/12/2020 
 
 99.4 
 
 Risk, Safety and Regulatory Committee Charter 

10-K 
 
 001-38105 
 
 99.4 
 
 7/9/2021 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 
 
 X 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 
 
 X 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Calculation Linkbase 
 
 X 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 X 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Label Linkbase 
 
 X 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 X 

104 
 
 Inline XBRL for the cover page of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-K, included in the Exhibit 101 Inline XBRL Document Set 
 
 X 

Filed
 herewith. 

Furnished
 herewith. 

# Management
 contract or compensatory plans or arrangements. 

Certain
 schedules and exhibits have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. A
 copy of any omitted schedule or exhibit will be furnished supplementally to the Securities
 and Exchange Commission upon request; provided, however that 180 Life Sciences Corp. may
 request confidential treatment pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
 as amended, for any schedule or exhibit so furnished. 

Item
16. Form 10 K Summary 

None. 

129 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements
of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf
by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

180 LIFE SCIENCES CORP. 

Date: March 31, 2023 
 /s/
 James N. Woody 

By: 
 James N. Woody, Chief Executive
 Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: March 31, 2023 
 /s/
 Ozan Pamir 

By: 
 Ozan Pamir, Interim Chief Financial
 Officer 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in
the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ James N. Woody 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 James N. Woody 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Ozan Pamir 
 
 Interim Chief Financial Officer 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Ozan Pamir 
 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

/s/ Marc Feldmann 
 
 Co-Executive Chairman and Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Marc Feldmann 

/s/ Lawrence Steinman 
 
 Co-Executive Chairman and Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Lawrence Steinman 

/s/ Larry Gold 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Larry Gold, Ph.D. 

/s/ Donald A. McGovern, Jr. 
 
 Lead Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Donald A. McGovern, Jr. 

/s/ Pamela G. Marrone 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Pamela G. Marrone 

/s/ Francis Knuettel II 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Francis Knuettel II 

/s/ Russell T. Ray 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Russell T. Ray 

/s/ Teresa DeLuca 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Teresa DeLuca 

130 

180 LIFE SCIENCES CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AS OF DECEMBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED
 PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM (PCAOB ID 688) 
 F-2 
 
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS: 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of
 December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-4 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations
 and Comprehensive Loss For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-5 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes
 in Stockholders Equity For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-6 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash
 Flows For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-8 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial
 Statements 
 F-10 

F- 1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT
REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of 

180 Life Sciences Crop. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets of 180 Life Sciences Crop. (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements
of operations and comprehensive income (loss), changes in stockholders equity and cash flows for each of the two years in the period
ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the
financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022, and the
results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Explanatory Paragraph Going Concern 

The accompanying financial statements have been
prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As more fully described in Note 2, the Company has a significant
working capital deficiency, has incurred significant losses and needs to raise additional funds to meet its obligations and sustain its
operations. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. Management's plans in
regard to these matters are also described in Note 2. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the
outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We
are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ("PCAOB") and are
required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. 

As part of our audits we are required to obtain
an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of
the Company's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit s provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matters 

The critical audit matters communicated below
are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to
the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our
especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion
on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions
on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

F- 2 

Valuation of In Process Research and Development
assets and impairment 

Description of the Matter 

As discussed in Note 3 and 5 to the consolidated
financial statements, the Company tests In-Process Research and Development assets (IPR D) for impairment annually (or under certain
circumstances, more frequently) at each IPR D component level using either a qualitative or quantitative approach. In assessing IPR D
assets for impairment, the Company may first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair
value of its IPR D assets is less than it s carrying value. Under the quantitative approach to test for IPR D assets impairment,
the Company compares the fair value of IPR D assets at each asset components level to their net carrying value. Generally, the
Company estimates the fair value of its IPR D at each asset components level using a Multi-Period Excess Earnings Method. 

Auditing the Company s quantitative impairment
tests involved subjective auditor judgment due to the significant estimation required in management s determination of the fair
value of the IPR D. The significant estimation was primarily due to the sensitivity of the underlying assumptions including projected
revenue based on market projections, probability of approval, EBITDA margins and the weighted average cost of capital, discount rate,
royalty rate, contributory charges. These assumptions relate to the expected future earnings of the Company s IPR D assets,
are forward-looking, and are sensitive to and affected by economic, industry and company-specific qualitative factors. 

How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit 

To evaluate the estimated fair value of the Company s
IPR D assets, we performed audit procedures that included, among others, evaluating the valuation methodologies used and testing the
significant assumptions discussed above used by the Company in its analysis. We involved our valuation specialists to assist in testing
the significant assumptions and complex valuation method used by the Company. We also compared the significant assumptions to the company s
historical estimate, actual performance, current industry, market and economic trends. 

/s/ Marcum llp 

Marcum llp 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2019 

San Francisco, CA 

March 31, 2023 

PCAOB ID #688 

F- 3 

180 LIFE SCIENCES CORP.
AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

(Expressed in US Dollars) 

December 31, 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Assets 

Current Assets: 

Cash 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total Current Assets 

Intangible assets, net 

In-process research and development 

Goodwill 

- 

Total Assets 

Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 

Current Liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Accrued expenses - related parties 

Loans payable - current portion 

Loans payable - related parties 

- 

Derivative liabilities 

Total Current Liabilities 

Loans payable - noncurrent portion 

Deferred tax liability 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 11) 

Stockholders Equity: 

Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized; (see designations and shares authorized for Series A, Class C and Class K preferred stock) 

Class C Preferred Stock; share authorized, issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021 

- 

- 

Class K Preferred Stock; share authorized, issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021 

- 

- 

Common stock, par value; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated other comprehensive income 

() 

Accumulated deficit 

() 

() 
 
 Total Stockholders Equity 

Total Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

180 LIFE SCIENCES CORP.
AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE
LOSS 

(Expressed in US Dollars) 

For the Year Ended 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Operating Expenses: 

Research and development 

Research and development - related parties 

General and administrative 

General and administrative - related parties 

Total Operating Expenses 

Loss From Operations 

() 

() 

Other (Expenses) Income: 

Gain on settlement of liabilities 

- 

Other expense 

- 

() 
 
 Interest expense 

() 

() 
 
 Loss on extinguishment of convertible notes payable, net 

- 

() 
 
 Loss on goodwill impairment 

() 

- 

Loss on IP R D impairment 

() 

- 

Change in fair value of derivative liabilities 

() 
 
 Change in fair value of accrued issuable equity 

- 

Offering costs allocated to warrant liabilities 

- 

Total Other Expense, Net 

() 

() 
 
 Loss Before Income Taxes 

() 

() 
 
 Income tax benefit 

Net Loss Attributable to Common Stockholders 

() 

() 

Other Comprehensive (Loss) Income: 

Foreign currency translation adjustments 

() 

Total Comprehensive Loss 

() 

() 

Basic and Diluted Net Loss per Common Share 

() 

() 

Weighted Average Number of Common Shares Outstanding: 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

180 LIFE SCIENCES CORP.
AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS 
EQUITY 

(Expressed in US Dollars) 

For The Year Ended December 31, 2022 

Common Stock 

Additional 
Paid-in 

Accumulated 
Other 
Comprehensive 

Accumulated 

Total 
Stockholders 

Shares 

Amount 

Capital 

Income 

Deficit 

Equity 

Balance - January 1, 2022 

() 

Adjustments related to reverse stock-split 

() 

- 

- 

- 

Issuance of July 2022 pre-funded warrants 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Shares issued from exercise of July 2022 pre-funded warrants 

- 

- 

Shares issued in connection with July 2022 Offering 

- 

- 

Issuance of December 2022 pre-funded warrants 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Shares issued from exercise of December 2022 pre-funded warrants 

- 

- 

- 

Shares issued in connection with December 2022 Offering 

- 

- 

Shares issued for professional services to directors 

- 

- 

Stock-based compensation 

- 

- 

- 

Comprehensive loss: 

Net loss 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 

() 
 
 Other comprehensive loss 

- 

- 

- 

() 

- 

() 
 
 Balance - December 31, 2022 

() 

() 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

180 LIFE SCIENCES CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS 
EQUITY, continued 

(Expressed in US Dollars) 

For The Year Ended December 31,
 2021 

Common Stock 
 Additional Paid-in 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive 
 Accumulated 
 Total Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Income 
 Deficit 
 Equity 
 
 Balance - January 1, 2021 

Shares issued upon conversion of KBL debt (Note 10) 

-
 
 -

Shares issued upon conversion of 180 debt (Note 10) 

-
 
 -

Shares issued in connection with the financing, net of financing
 costs (Note 12) 

-
 
 -

Offering costs allocated to warrant liabilities (Note 12) 
 - 
 -

-
 
 -

Warrants issued in connection with private offering, reclassified
 to derivative liabilities (Note 8) 
 - 
 -

-
 
 -

Shares issued upon exchange of common stock equivalents (Note
 12) 

-
 
 -
 
 -

Shares issued to settle accounts payable (Note 11) 

-
 
 -

Shares issued in connection with the August 2021 Offering,
 net of financing costs (Note 12) 

-
 
 -

Shares issued to settle convertible debt and derivative liabilities
 with Alpha Capital (Note 10) 

-
 
 -

Shares issued in connection with the repayment of related party
 loans and convertible notes (Note 12) 

-
 
 -

Stock based compensation (Note 12): 

Common stock 

-
 
 -

Options 
 - 
 -

-
 
 -

Shares Cancelled 

-
 
 -
 
 -

Comprehensive income (loss): 

Net loss 
 - 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Other comprehensive income 
 - 
 -
 
 -

-

Balance - December 31, 2021 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 7 

180 LIFE SCIENCES
CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS
OF CASH FLOWS 

(Expressed in US Dollars) 

For the Years Ended 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Cash Flows From Operating Activities 

Net loss 

() 

() 
 
 Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Stock-based compensation 

Shares issued for services 

Amortization of stock options and restricted stock units 

Impairment of goodwill 

- 

Impairment of IP R D assets 

Amortization of intangibles 

Bad debt expense - related parties 

- 

Gain on settlement of liabilities, net 

- 

() 
 
 Loss on extinguishment of convertible note payable 

- 

Deferred tax liability 

() 

() 
 
 Offering costs allocated to warrant liabilities 

- 

Change in fair value of derivative liabilities 

() 

Change in fair value of accrued issuable equity 

- 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

() 
 
 Accounts payable 

() 
 
 Accounts payable related parties 

- 

() 
 
 Accrued expenses 

() 
 
 Accrued expenses related parties 

() 
 
 Accrued issuable equity 

- 

() 
 
 Total adjustments 

Net Cash Used In Operating Activities 

() 

() 

Cash Flows From Financing Activities 

Shares issued for cash, net of issuance costs 

- 

Offering costs in connection with 2021 sale of stock and warrants 

- 

() 
 
 Offering costs in connection with July 2022 sale of common stock and common stock warrants 

() 

- 

Offering costs in connection with December 2022 sale of common stock and common stock warrants 

() 

- 

Proceeds from loans payable 

Repayment of convertible debt related parties 

- 

() 
 
 Repayment of loans payable, net of adjustments (Note 9) 

() 

() 
 
 Repayment of loans payable related parties 

() 

() 
 
 Proceeds from sale of July 2022 common stock and common stock warrants 

- 

Proceeds from sale of December 2022 common stock and common stock warrants 

- 

Proceeds from exercise of July 2022 pre-funded warrants 

- 

Proceeds from exercise of December 2022 pre-funded warrants 

- 

Net Cash Provided By Financing Activities 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 8 

180 LIFE SCIENCES CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS
OF CASH FLOWS, continued 

(Expressed in US Dollars) 

For the Years Ended 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Effect of Exchange Rate Changes on Cash 

Net (Decrease) Increase In Cash 

Cash - Beginning of Period 

Cash - End of Period 

Supplemental Disclosures of Cash Flow Information: 

Cash paid during the period for income taxes 
 -
 
 -

Cash paid during the period for interest 

Non-cash investing and financing activities: 

Common stock issued upon conversion of KBL debt 
 -

Common stock issued upon conversion of 180 debt 
 -

Common stock issued in connection with repayment of related party
 loans and convertible notes 
 -

Shares and warrants issued for Alpha Settlement 
 -

Exchange of common stock equivalents for common stock 
 -

Shares issued to settle accounts payable 
 -

Reclassification of accrued issuable equity 
 -

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 9 

180 LIFE SCIENCES CORP.
AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(Amounts in US Dollars, except share amounts) 

per share, in a range of between one-for-four and one-for-twenty shares, in the discretion of the Board
of Directors. The Board of Directors subsequently approved a reverse stock split in a ratio of one-for-twenty shares (the Reverse
Stock Split ). Pursuant to the Certificate of Amendment filed with the Secretary of State of Delaware to affect the Reverse Stock
Split, with new CUSIP number: 68236V203. No change was made to the trading symbol for the Company s shares of common stock or public
warrants, ATNF and ATNFW , respectively, in connection with the Reverse Stock Split. 

F- 10 

and working capital of and for the year ended December 31, 2022, a net loss of and cash used in operating activities
of . The Company expects to invest a significant amount of capital to fund research and development. As a result, the Company
expects that its operating expenses will increase significantly, and consequently will require significant revenues to become profitable.
Even if the Company does become profitable, it may not be able to sustain or increase profitability on a quarterly or annual basis. The
Company cannot predict when, if ever, it will be profitable. There can be no assurance that the intellectual property of the Company,
or other technologies it may acquire, will meet applicable regulatory standards, obtain required regulatory approvals, be capable of being
produced in commercial quantities at reasonable costs, or be successfully marketed. The Company plans to undertake additional laboratory
studies with respect to the intellectual property, and there can be no assurance that the results from such studies or trials will result
in a commercially viable product or will not identify unwanted side effects. 

F- 11 

and , respectively, as a result of foreign currency translation adjustments. 

and of foreign currency transaction (losses) for the years ended December 31, 2022
and 2021, respectively. Such amounts have been classified within general and administrative expenses in the accompanying consolidated
statements of operations and comprehensive loss. 

F- 12 

is restricted cash. The Company s cash deposits in United States and
English financial institutions may at times be in excess of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC or the Financial
Services Compensation Scheme FSCS insurance limits, respectively. The Company has not experienced losses in such accounts
and periodically evaluates the creditworthiness of its financial institutions. 

See
 Note 5 Intangible Assets and Impairment of Long-lived Assets for further information. 

See Note 5 
Intangible Assets and Impairment of Long-lived Assets for further information. 

F- 13 

F- 14 

Warrants 

Total potentially dilutive shares 

and
 , respectively, of research and development expenses. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, research and development expenses 
related parties were and , respectively. See Note 14 Related Parties for more information on research and
development expenses related parties. 

F- 15 

Research and development expense tax credit receivable 

Professional fees (1) 

Value-added tax receivable 

Taxes 

Other 

- 

of expenses related to Oxford agreements for our CBR Pharma subsidiary. In the current year, those same expenses are grouped into the Professional fees grouping. As such, for comparative purposes, that amount has been moved from the Insurance grouping to the Professional fees grouping for the 2021 period. 

F- 16 

Technology license 

and during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, related to intangible assets, which
is included in general and administrative expense on the accompanying consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

per share as of December 31, 2021; during 2022, the market value of the Company s single reporting
unit significantly declined. As of March 31, 2022, June 30, 2022, September 30, 2022 and December 31, 2022, the market value of the Company s
publicly traded stock fell to , , and , per share, respectively, and as such, the Company elected to conduct
a quantitative analysis of goodwill to assess for impairment as of September 30, 2022 and December 31, 2022. The Company determined the
fair market value of its single reporting unit and compared that value with the carrying amount of the reporting unit and determined
that goodwill was impaired as of both measurement dates. As of September 30, 2022 and December 31, 2022, the carrying value exceeded
the fair market value by and , respectively. To recognize the impairment of goodwill, the Company recorded losses
for these amounts at the end of the third and fourth quarters, which appear as a loss on goodwill impairment of on the income
statement for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

F- 17 

Currency translation 
 
 -

Balance, March 31, 2022 

Currency translation 
 
 -

Balance, June 30, 2022 

Currency translation 
 
 -

Balance before impairment 

Impairment of goodwill 

Balance, September 30, 2022 

Currency translation 
 
 -

Balance before impairment 

Impairment of goodwill 

Balance, December 31, 2022 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

(which consists of carrying amounts of and
 related to the Company s CBR Pharma subsidiary and its 180 LP subsidiary, respectively). Per the valuation obtained
from a third party as of year-end, the fair market value of the Company s IP R D assets was determined to be (which
consists of fair values of and related to the Company s CBR Pharma subsidiary and 180 LP subsidiary, respectively).
As of this measurement date, the carrying values of the CBR Pharma and 180 LP subsidiaries assets exceeded their fair market values
by and , respectively. As such, management determined that the consolidated IP R D assets were impaired by 
and, in order to recognize the impairment, the Company recorded a loss for this amount during the fourth quarter of 2022, which appears
as a loss on impairment to IP R D assets on the income statement. 

F- 18 

Currency translation 
 
 -

Balance, March 31, 2022 

Currency translation 
 
 -

Balance, June 30, 2022 

Currency translation 
 
 -

Balance, September 30, 2022 

Currency translation 
 
 -

Balance before impairment 

Impairment of
 IP R D assets 

Balance, December 31, 2022 
 -

Professional fees 

Litigation accrual (1) 

Employee and director compensation 

Research and development fees 

Interest 

Other 

and , respectively. See Note 11 Commitments Contingencies
and Note 14 - Related Parties for details. 

F- 19 

Reclassification to equity 

Balance at December 31, 2021 
 -

of common shares on a monthly
basis and an aggregate of of common shares at the end of each quarter. As of December 31, 2020, the Company recorded 
of accrued issuable equity related to services. During the first quarter of 2021, this balance was reclassified to equity and as of December
31, 2021, there was no accrued issuable equity. 

-

Change in fair value of derivative liabilities 

-

Balance as of December 31, 2022 

-

-

Extinguishment
 of derivative liabilities in connection with conversion of debt (1) 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Warrants issued in connection with the financing 
 -
 
 -

-
 
 -

Warrants
 issued relates to Alpha settlement (1) 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

-

Extinguishment
 of derivative liabilities in connection with the Alpha settlement (1) 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Change in fair value of derivative liabilities 

Balance as of December 31, 2021 

-

F- 20 

- 
 
 Expected term in years 

Expected volatility 

Expected dividends 

Public SPAC Warrants Public SPAC Warrants ). If the Company calls
the Public Warrants for redemption as described above, the Company s management will have the option to require all holders that
wish to exercise Public Warrants to do so on a cashless basis. Management has determined that the Public Warrants contain
a tender offer provision which could result in the Public Warrants settling for the tender offer consideration (including potentially
cash) in a transaction that didn t result in a change-in-control. This feature results in the Public Warrants being precluded from
equity classification. Accordingly, the Public Warrants are classified as liabilities measured at fair value, with changes in fair value
each period reported in earnings. The fair value of the Public SPAC Warrants on the date of the issuance was . At December 31,
2022 and 2021 the Public SPAC Warrants were revalued at and , respectively, which resulted in a decrease
in fair value and a increase in the fair value of the derivative liabilities during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
respectively. The decrease and increase in fair value of these derivative liabilities were recorded in the accompanying consolidated statement
of operations. 

F- 21 

Private SPAC Warrants Private SPAC Warrants ). If the Company calls the Private Warrants for redemption as described above, the Company s
management will have the option to require all holders that wish to exercise Private Warrants to do so on a cashless basis. 
Management has determined that the Private Warrants contain a tender offer provision which could result in the Private Warrants settling
for the tender offer consideration (including potentially cash) in a transaction that didn t result in a change-in-control. This
feature (amongst others) results in the Private Warrants being precluded from equity classification. Accordingly, the Private Warrants
are classified as liabilities measured at fair value, with changes in fair value each period reported in earnings. The fair value of
the Private SPAC Warrants on the date of the issuance was . At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Private SPAC Warrants were revalued
at and , respectively, which resulted in a decrease and a increase in the fair value of the derivative
liabilities during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The decrease and increase in fair value of these derivative
liabilities were recorded in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations. 

shares of common stock at an exercise price of
 per share in connection with the private offering (see Note 12 Stockholders Equity, Common Stock). The PIPE Warrants
did not meet the requirements for equity classification due to the existence of a tender offer provision that could potentially result
in cash settlement of the PIPE Warrants that didn t meet the limited exception in the case of a change-in-control. Accordingly,
the PIPE Warrants are liability-classified and the Company recorded the fair value of the PIPE Warrants, which was determined
using the Black-Scholes option pricing model, as derivative liabilities. The PIPE Warrants were revalued on December 31, 2022 and 2021
at and , respectively, which resulted in decreases in the fair value of the derivative liabilities of and
 during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Expected term in years 

Expected volatility 

Expected dividends 

shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise price of per share (the AGP Warrant Liability that had
originally been issued by KBL to an investment banking firm in connection with a prior private placement. 

F- 22 

shares of the Company s common
stock at a purchase price of per share, subject to adjustment, in full satisfaction of the existing AGP Warrant Liability. The
exercise of the AGP Warrant is limited at any given time to prevent AGP from exceeding beneficial ownership of of the then total
number of issued and outstanding shares of the Company s common stock upon such exercise. The warrant is exercisable at any time
between May 2, 2021 and May 2, 2025. The newly issued AGP Warrant did not meet the requirements for equity classification due to the
existence of a tender offer provision that could potentially result in cash settlement of the AGP Warrant that did not meet the limited
exception in the case of a change-in-control. Accordingly, the AGP Warrant will continue to be liability-classified. The AGP Warrant
was revalued on December 31, 2022 and 2021 at and , respectively, which resulted in decreases in the fair value of the derivative
liabilities of and during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Expected term in years 

Expected volatility 

Expected dividends 

shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise price of 
per share (the Alpha Warrant Liability and the Alpha Warrant ). The exercise of shares of the Alpha Warrant
is limited at any given time to prevent Alpha from exceeding a beneficial ownership of of the then total number of issued and outstanding
shares of the Company s common stock upon such exercise. The warrant is exercisable until August 2, 2024. The newly issued Alpha
Warrant did not meet the requirements for equity classification due to the existence of a tender offer provision that could potentially
result in cash settlement of the Alpha Warrant that did not meet the limited exception in the case of a change-in-control. Accordingly,
the Alpha Warrant is liability-classified and the Company recorded the fair value of the Alpha Warrant, which was determined
using the Black-Scholes option pricing model, as a derivative liability. The Alpha Warrant was revalued on December 31, 2022 and 2021
at and , respectively, which resulted in decreases in the fair value of the derivative liabilities of and during
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Expected term in years 

Expected volatility 

Expected dividends 

- 
 
 Expected term in years 
 - 
 
 Expected volatility 
 - 
 
 Expected dividends 

F- 23 

- 
 
 Issued 

Exercised 

- 

- 

Cancelled 

- 

- 

Expired 

- 

- 

Outstanding, December 31, 2021 

- 
 
 Issued 

Exercised 

() 

- 
 (1) 

Cancelled 

- 

- 

Expired 

- 

- 

Outstanding, December 31,
 2022 

- 

Exercisable, December 31, 2022 

- 

- 
 -

- 
 -

F- 24 

-

-
 
 -
 
 -

Bounce Back Loan Scheme 
 
 -

-

First Assurance 2021 
 
 (14,042) (1) 
 
 -

-

First Assurance 2022 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

-

Other loans payable 
 
 (2) 

-
 
 -

Total loans payable 

Less: loans payable current portion 

Loans payable non-current
 portion 

-

-
 
 -
 
 -

Paycheck Protection Program 

-
 
 -

Bounce Back Loan Scheme 
 
 -

-

First Assurance - 2020 
 
 -

-

Other loans payable 
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Total loans payable 

Less: loans payable - current portion 

Loans payable - non-current portion 

F- 25 

Loan payable issued September 18, 2019 

-

Loan payable issued October 8, 2019 

-

Loan payable issued October 29, 2019 

Loan payable issued December 31, 2019 

-

Loan payable issued February 5, 2020 

Loan payable issued February 5, 2020 

-

Loan payable issued March 31, 2020 

Loan payable issued March 31, 2020 

-

Loan payable issued June 8, 2020 
 
 -

Loan payable issued June 8, 2020 

Loan payable issued June 17, 2020 

-

Loan payable issued July 15, 2020 

Loan payable issued July 15, 2020 

-

Loan payable issued October 8, 2020 

-

Loan payable issued October 13, 2020 

Loan payable issued October 14, 2020 

-

Current portion of PPP Loans
 (1) 
 
 -

Current portion of Bounce
 Back Loans (1) (2) 

First
 Assurance Funding payable issued December 10, 2021 (2) 

F- 26 

-

BBLS loan payable issued June 10, 2020 

Subtotal 

Less: Current portions of BBLS/PPP loans, respectively (see above) 

Non-current portion 

(the PPP Loans ), under the Payroll Protection Program PPP ),
to support continuing employment during the COVID-19 pandemic. 

per annum and monthly repayments of
principal and interest are deferred for six months after the date of disbursement. 

in connection with amounts borrowed by Katexco under the Paycheck Protection Program.
On August 5, 2021, the Company was notified that was forgiven in connection with the PPP Loans. 

to other income since such amount was a grant to 180LS by the government,
and it did not need to be repaid. 

related to the PPP loans and interest expense of . On May 27, 2022, the Company repaid
in full the remainder of the PPP Loans in the amount of . 

(USD of cash proceeds pursuant to the Bounce Back Loan Scheme BBLS ), which provides
financial support to businesses across the UK that are losing revenue, and seeing their cashflow disrupted, as a result of the COVID-19
outbreak. The BBLS is unsecured and bears interest at per annum. The maximum loan amount is GBP and the length of
the loan is six years, with payments beginning 12 months after the date of disbursement. Early repayment is allowed, without early repayment
fees. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded accrued interest of GBP (USD and GBP (USD), respectively, related to the BBLS loan. During the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, the Company recorded interest expense
of GBP (USD and GBP (USD ), respectively, related to the BBLS loan. 

, which bears interest at per annum and matures on . On March 3, 2021, the Company repaid the Kingsbrook
loans payable in cash for an aggregate of , which included the principal amount of and accrued interest of . 

in full satisfaction of the 2020 directors and officers insurance policy and 
in partial satisfaction of the Bounce Back Loan Scheme. 

of a total D O Insurance amount of inclusive of premiums, taxes, and fees.
As of December 31, 2022, a total of remains financed in loans payable, due in monthly installments of . 

F- 27 

stockholder. The Company had the following loans payable to related parties outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and
2021: 

-

Loan payable issued October 8, 2019 
 
 -

Loan payable issued February 5, 2020 
 
 -

Loan payable issued March 31, 2020 
 
 -

Loan payable issued June 17, 2020 
 
 -

Loan payable issued July 15, 2020 
 
 -

Loan payable issued October 8, 2020 
 
 -

Loan payable issued October 14, 2020 
 
 -

-

,
previously entered into with Sir Marc Feldmann and Dr. Lawrence Steinman, the Co-Executive Chairmen of the Board of Directors. The loan
agreements were extended and modified to be paid back at the Company s discretion, either by 1) repayment in cash, or 2) by converting
the outstanding amounts into shares of common stock at the same price per share as the next financing transaction. Subsequently, on February
25, 2021, and effective as of the date of the original February 10, 2021 amendments, the Company determined that such amendments were
entered into in error and each of Sir Feldmann and Dr. Steinman rescinded such February 10, 2021 amendments pursuant to their entry into
Confirmations of Rescission acknowledgements. As such, the amendments to allow Sir Feldmann and Dr. Steinman the option to convert such
loans into shares of common stock were never effective. 

and aggregate accrued interest of into an aggregate of shares of the Company s
common stock at a price of per share, pursuant to the terms of the agreement (see Note 12 - Stockholders Equity ). 

F- 28 

as of December 31, 2021): 

-

-

Kingsbrook 

-

-

Alpha Capital 

-

Bridge Note 

-

-

Total 

-

F- 29 

as of December 31, 2021): 

-
 
 -
 
 -

-

180 LP Convertible Note 

-
 
 -

-
 
 -

180 LP Convertible Note 

-
 
 -
 
 -

-

Total 

-
 
 -

-

-

Impact of conversion 
 
 -

Balance at December 31, 2021 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

The Company agreed to pay the principal
amount with interest, which was due and payable on February 11, 2021, unless converted under terms and provisions as set forth within
the Dominion Convertible Promissory Notes. The Dominion Convertible Promissory Notes provided Dominion with the right to convert, at
any time, all or any part of the outstanding principal and accrued but unpaid interest into shares of the Company s common stock
at a conversion price of per share. 

as of December 31, 2021 associated with the Dominion Convertible Promissory
Notes. See Convertible Debt Conversions of the Dominion, Kingsbrook and Alpha Convertible Promissory Notes further on in this note for
the details related to the 2021 conversions of the notes. 

-

Impact of conversion 
 
 -

Balance at December 31, 2021 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

F- 30 

Secured Convertible Promissory Note and Senior Secured Convertible
Extension Promissory Note (together with Kingsbrook Convertible Promissory Notes with Kingsbrook Opportunities Master
Fund LP Kingsbrook ), which was issued to Kingsbrook in conjunction with shares of common stock (the Kingsbrook
Commitment Shares and an assumed debt discount of , which has been amortized to interest expense over the term of the
debt. The Company has agreed to pay the principal amount with guaranteed interest, which was due and payable on ,
unless converted under terms and provisions as set forth within the Kingsbrook Convertible Promissory Notes. The Kingsbrook Convertible
Promissory Notes provide Kingsbrook with the right to convert, at any time, all or any part of the outstanding principal and accrued
but unpaid interest into shares of the Company s common stock at a conversion price of per share. 

as of December 31, 2021 associated with the Kingsbrook Convertible Promissory
Notes. See Convertible Debt Conversions of the Dominion, Kingsbrook and Alpha Convertible Promissory Notes further on in this note for
the details related to the 2021 conversions of the notes. 

-

Impact of extinguishment 
 
 -

Impact of conversion 
 
 -

Balance at December 31, 2021 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Secured Convertible Promissory Note (the Alpha Convertible
Promissory Note with Alpha Capital Anstalt Alpha ), which was issued to the Holder in conjunction with shares
of common stock and an assumed debt discount of , which has been amortized to interest expense over the term of the debt. The
Company has promised to pay the principal and guaranteed interest, which was due and payable on unless converted under
terms and provisions as set forth within the Alpha Capital Anstalt Convertible Note. The Alpha Convertible Promissory Note provides Alpha
with the right to convert, at any time, all or any part of the outstanding principal and accrued but unpaid interest into shares of the
Company s common stock at a conversion price of per share. 

as of December 31, 2021 associated with the Alpha Convertible Promissory Notes.
See Convertible Debt Conversions of the Dominion, Kingsbrook and Alpha Convertible Promissory Notes further on in this note for the details
related to the 2021 conversions of the notes. 

Kingsbrook Convertible Promissory Note 

Alpha Capital Convertible Promissory Note 

Total 

F- 31 

and
an aggregate accrued interest balance of into an aggregate of shares of the Company s common stock at conversion
prices ranging from - per share. The shares issued upon the conversion of the convertible promissory notes had a fair value
at issuance of . 

shares of
the Company s common stock plus a three-year warrant to purchase additional shares of the Company s common stock at
an exercise price of per share. The Company determined that the shares and warrants had an aggregate value of as of
July 29, 2021. On July 29, 2021, the aggregate carrying value of the principal, accrued interest, derivative liability and
settlement accrual associated with the Alpha Capital Note were extinguished while the fair value of the common stock was recorded
within equity and the fair value of the Alpha Warrant was recorded as a derivative liability (see Note 8, Derivative Liabilities
for additional information). 

and under the same terms. The total
outstanding principal amount of convertible bridge notes of (the Bridge Notes and the respective accrued interest
will automatically convert into a portion of the million shares of KBL common stock to be received upon the consummation of the Business
Combination Agreement at a conversion price equal to the lesser of per KBL share or of the implied valuation at such time, as
defined. The Bridge Notes accrue interest at per annum. On July 7, 2020, the Company entered into an amendment agreement with each
Bridge Noteholder (the Amended Bridge Notes ). On October 7, 2020, the Company
entered into an additional amendment with each Amended Bridge Noteholder pursuant to which the Amended Bridge Notes will no longer mature
upon the date that the Registration Statement is declared effective by the SEC. Since the change in cash flows was not more than ,
this amendment was deemed to be a modification. On March 8, 2021, 

of debt related to convertible notes payable (the Notes during the second quarter of 2021,
the Company repaid a certain related party convertible note payable in cash for the principal amount of and of accrued
interest. During the third quarter of 2021, the remaining principal balance of convertible notes payable owed to a related party,
plus of related accrued interest, was converted into shares of the Company s common stock, pursuant to a debt conversion
agreement dated September 30, 2021. 

related to convertible notes payable, and recorded interest expense - related
parties of related to convertible notes payable - related parties. 

F- 32 

, together with interest, attorneys 
fees and costs. There can be no assurance that the Company will be successful in its legal actions. As of December 31, 2022, the Company
has a legal accrual of recorded to cover the legal expenses of the former executives of KBL. 

, plus
an additional under Dr. Krauss s resignation agreement. The Amended Counterclaims seek unspecified amounts
of monetary damages, declaratory relief, equitable and injunctive relief, and attorney s fees and costs. 

F- 33 

,
together with interest accruing thereon at the rate set forth in the Subject Guarantee. 

F- 34 

CAD [ USD] plus the additional sum of USD.
The Bauer Defendants filed an answer to the Company Plaintiffs claims on May 6, 2022. There can be no assurance that the Company
Plaintiffs will be successful in this legal action. 

million in compensatory
damages, together with applicable punitive damages. In addition, the Company brought a Third-Party Complaint against its excess insurance
carrier, Freedom Specialty Insurance Company Freedom seeking declaratory relief that Freedom will also be required to
honor its policy coverage as soon as the amount of AmTrust s insurance coverage obligations to the Company have been exhausted.
On October 25, 2022, AmTrust filed its Answer to the Company s Counterclaims and, on October 27, 2022, Freedom filed its Answer
to the Third-Party Complaint. 

F- 35 

of the issued and outstanding shares, on a fully diluted basis, to Yissum prior to the closing of an Event. These shares will be subject
to: (a) as to half of such shares, a lock-up period ending 12 months from the Event date and as to the other half of such shares, a lock-up
period ending 24 months from the Event date, and (b) in any event, any resale restrictions (including lock-ups and hold periods). See
Note 12 Stockholders Equity for more information on the shares issued to Yissum as part of the business combination. 

per annum per person for a term of three years, commencing May 13, 2018. As of December 31, 2022, these consulting agreements have not
been renewed. 

per year
plus additional for University overhead for the additional research performed by each professor over an 18-month period, starting
May 1, 2019. As of December 31, 2021, the Company owes no outstanding balance in connection with the Yissum Agreement (as amended). During
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recognized research and development expenses of and , respectively,
related to this agreement. 

years from the date of the first commercial sale in such country. Should the periods referred
to in items (i) or (ii) above expire in a particular country prior to the period referred to in item (iii), above, the license in that
country or those countries shall be deemed a license to the know-how during such post-expiration period. 

and will pay an aggregate of 
of research, development and consulting fees over the term of the Additional Yissum Agreement, as well as an annual license maintenance
fee of , beginning on the first anniversary of the Effective Date. 

F- 36 

(the Option Payment ), which was creditable against the first anniversary license maintenance fee payment. 

, on each of the first and second anniversaries
and on each subsequent anniversary, which will be expensed on a straight-line basis annually. 

F- 37 

-year agreement. 

F- 38 

on September 3, 2021, which was due upon signing of the Fifth Oxford Agreement, which was recorded
to prepaid expenses and will be amortized over the term of the agreement on a straight-line basis. During the years ended December 31,
2022 and 2021, the Company recorded and ), respectively, of research and development
expenses and has prepaid balances of and ), respectively, related to the Fifth Oxford Agreement. 

), an initial License fee of ), future royalties based on sales and milestones, and an annual maintenance fee of ). The Company
has the option to terminate the agreement after the third anniversary of the agreement. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the
Company recorded of research and development expenses related to this agreement. 

F- 39 

, (USD on November 22, 2019, which
was recognized as an intangible asset for the purchase of the licensed patents and is being amortized over the remaining life of the
patents. 180 LP will also pay Kennedy royalties equal to 

common shares of its share
capital (the Petcanna Shares 30 days after the effective date; and (b) pay royalties of 1 of net sales. The Company will
be issued 85 and Yissum will be issued 15 of the 450,000 common shares of the Petcanna subsidiary. The Petcanna shares are deemed to
be founders shares with no value. The Petcanna shares have not been issued as of December 31, 2022. 

million for rights of first negotiation to provide
for an acquisition of any arising intellectual property or an exclusive licensing, partnering, or collaboration transaction to use any
arising intellectual property with respect to a contemplated research agreement between the Company and Oxford (see Oxford University
Agreements, above), which was signed on March 22, 2019 and therefore is the start date of the project. Of the million receivable
from Reformation pursuant to the Pharmaceutical Agreement, million was received by the Company on March 14, 2019 and the remaining
 million will be received over the one-year term of the agreement. 

F- 40 

receivable to bad debt expense. 

), the Company expects to use the practical expedient for short-term operating leases that
are 12 months or less. This practical expedient has been elected as a package and will be applied consistently to all leases. Additionally,
if the Company s leases are considered operating in nature and therefore not reflected on the balance sheet, the Company will recognize
the short-term lease payments as rent/lease expense on a monthly basis on the income statement. 

F- 41 

of Bonus 2, the Company issued shares of the Company s common stock
to the Consultant. Additionally, on April 15, 2021, in satisfaction of amounts owed to the Consultant for an additional of Bonus
2, the Company issued of the Company s common stock to the Consultant. 

shares of the Company s
common stock to the Consultant since the Company raised million in a financing transaction, as per the agreement. All issuances were
made under the Company s 2020 Omnibus Incentive Plan. See Note 12 Stockholders Equity. 

, provided that of such increase
will be accrued and of such fees will be payable monthly per the payroll practices of the Company in cash effective March
1, 2022 and until the earlier of (a) November 1, 2022 or (b) the date upon which the Company has sufficient cash on hand to pay the accrued
amount, which the Company expects will not be until it has raised a minimum of (the Funding Determination Date ),
at which time the accrued amount will be due. 

beginning on January 1, 2023 until the end of the term of the agreement; if the agreement is terminated by the Company for any reason
other than cause, the consultant will be entitled to a lump sum payment of 12 months of his monthly fee as of the date of termination. 

of
its restricted common stock (valued based on the closing sales price of the Company s common stock on the date the Board of Directors
approved the agreement, which shares have not been issued to date). The fully vested shares will be issued to Mr. Larsen pursuant to
the 2020 Omnibus Incentive Plan, upon the Company entering into a licensing transaction with the assistance of Mr. Larsen. On November
2, 2021, the Company and Oxford University entered into a license agreement and therefore shares were issued to Mr. Larsen on November
3, 2021 pursuant to the Company s 2020 Omnibus Incentive Plan. 

per month; the amounts owed may be settled in cash or
shares of the Company s common stock (which will be subject to the Company s 2022 Omnibus Incentive Plan or another approved
equity compensation plan) or a combination of both at the option of Mr. Larsen. No shares may be issued and cash will be the default
payment method for fees until an increase in shares available in the Plan is approved and any issuance is conditioned upon the Company
having sufficient shares in the Plan to be issued. Mr. Larsen is also eligible to participate in the Company s stock option plan,
subject to approval from the Board of Directors. The initial term of the agreement is for from the effective date of the
contract and shall automatically extend for additional one-year periods. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has accrued a balance of
 for consulting services payable to Mr. Larsen. 

F- 42 

(the
 Initial Term provided that the agreement automatically extends for additional periods after the Initial
Term (each an Automatic Renewal Term and the Initial Term together with all Automatic Renewal Terms, if any, the
 Term ), subject to the Renewal Requirements (described below), in the event that neither party provided the other
written notice of their intent not to automatically extend the term of the agreement at least 30 days prior to the end of the Initial
Term or any Automatic Renewal Term. The Term can only be extended for an Automatic Renewal Term, provided that (i) Dr. Steinman is re-elected
to the Board of Directors (the Board at the Annual Meeting of Stockholders of the Company immediately preceding
the date that such Automatic Renewal Term begins; (ii) the Board affirms his appointment as Co-Chairman for the applicable Automatic
Renewal Term (or fails to appoint someone else as Co-Chairman prior to such applicable Automatic Renewal Term) and (iii) Dr. Steinman
is continuing in his role of having the responsibility for the scientific development for the Company s a 7nAChR platform
(the Renewal Requirements ). The Consulting Agreement also expires immediately upon the earlier of: (i) the date
upon which Dr. Steinman no longer serves as Co-Chairman and no longer has primary scientific responsibility for our a 7nAChR platform;
and (ii) any earlier date requested by either (1) the Company (as evidenced by a vote of a majority of the Board (excluding Dr. Steinman)
at a meeting of the Board), or (2) Dr. Steinman (as evidenced by written notice from Dr. Steinman to the Board). Additionally, the Company
may terminate the Consulting Agreement immediately and without prior notice if Dr. Steinman is unable or refuses to perform the Services,
and either party may terminate the Consulting Agreement immediately and without prior notice if the other party is in breach of any material
provision of the Consulting Agreement. 

, representing
the difference between his old compensation and new compensation, dating back to April 1, 2021. Pursuant to the Consulting Agreement,
Dr. Steinman agreed to not compete against the Company, unless approved in writing by the Board of Directors, during the term of the
agreement, and also agreed to certain customary confidentiality provisions and assignment of inventions requirements. The Consulting
Agreement also has a 12-month non-solicitation prohibition following its termination. 

per year, with automatic increases of per annum. 

F- 43 

of his then-current base salary, based upon the Company s achievement
of performance and management objectives as set and approved by the Board of Directors and/or Compensation Committee in consultation
with the CEO. At the CEO s option, the annual bonus can be paid in cash or the equivalent value of the Company s common stock
or a combination. The Board of Directors, as recommended by the Compensation Committee, may also award the CEO bonuses from time to time
(in stock, options, cash, or other forms of consideration) in its discretion. Under the A R Agreement, the CEO is also eligible to
participate in any stock option plans and receive other equity awards, as determined by the Board of Directors from time to time. As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had accrued bonus balances of and , respectively, payable to the CEO. 

increase in salary and a accrual of
salary, until such time as the Board of Directors determines that the Funding Determination Date has occurred. 

per year, subject to increase to a mutually
determined amount upon the closing of a new financing as well as annual increases. 

of his then salary, based upon the Company s achievement
of performance and management objectives as set and approved by the CEO, in consultation with the CFO. The bonus amount is subject to
adjustment. The Board of Directors, as recommended by the Compensation Committee of the Company (and/or the Compensation Committee),
may also award the CFO bonuses from time to time (in stock, options, cash, or other forms of consideration) in its discretion. Under
the CFO Agreement, the CFO is also eligible to participate in any stock option plans and receive other equity awards, as determined by
the Board of Directors from time to time. As of December 30, 2022 and 2021, the Company had accrued bonus balances of and ,
respectively, payable to the CFO. 

F- 44 

per year, subject to a increase upon completion of a Million financing and
a yearly increase of five percent on each start-day anniversary. 

shares of the Company s
common stock, which have a term of years, and an exercise price of per share. The options are subject to the Company s
2020 Omnibus Incentive Plan and vest ratably on a monthly basis over the following 48 months on the last day of each calendar month;
provided, however, that such options vest immediately upon the COO/CBO death or disability, termination without cause or a termination
by the COO/CBO for good reason (as defined in the agreement), a change in control of the Company or upon a sale of the Company. 

of his then salary, based upon the Company s achievement
of performance and management objectives as set and approved by the CEO, in consultation with the CFO. The annual bonus shall be paid
on or before March 31 of the year following the year in which the bonus is earned. At the choice of the Executive, the annual bonus can
be paid in cash or the equivalent value of the Company s common stock or a combination of both. For calendar 2021, such Bonus payment,
if any, will be prorated for approximately 2 months after the Start Date. The CEO, as approved by the Compensation Committee, may also
award the Executive a bonus from time to time (in stock, options, cash, or other forms of consideration) in his discretion. 

increase in salary and a accrual of
salary, until such time as the Board of Directors determines that the Funding Determination Date has occurred. As of December 31, 2022,
the Company had an accrued bonus balance of payable to the COO/CBO. In January 2023, Mr. Vu s services with the Company
and the agreement were terminated. See Note 15 Subsequent Events for additional information. 

F- 45 

per share, by a ratio of between one-for-four to one-for-twenty, inclusive, with the exact ratio
to be set at a whole number to be determined by our Board of Directors or a duly authorized committee thereof in its discretion, at any
time after approval of the amendment and prior to December 15, 2023 (the Stockholder Authority ). On December 15, 2022,
the Company s Board of Directors (the Board ), with the Stockholder Authority, approved an amendment to our Second
Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation to affect a reverse stock split of our common stock at a ratio of 1-for-20 (the Reverse
Stock Split ). Pursuant to the Certificate of Amendment filed to affect the Reverse Stock Split, the Reverse Stock Split was effective
on December 19, 2022 and the shares of the Company s common stock began trading on the NASDAQ Capital Market NASDAQ on a post-split basis on December 19, 2022, with new CUSIP number: 68236V203. No change was made to the trading symbol for the Company s
shares of common stock or public warrants, ATNF and ATNFW , respectively, in connection with the Reverse Stock
Split. 

preferred shares authorized
at a par value of per share, of which shares are designated as Series A Convertible Preferred Stock Series
A Preferred ), share is designated as the Class K Special Voting Share and share is designated as the Class C Special Voting
Share. The Class K Special Voting Share and the Class C Special Voting Share are together, the Special Voting Shares (see
Item 5 Special Voting Shares). As of December 31, 2022, there is no Series A Preferred issued or outstanding; there is one Class
K Special Voting Share and one Class C special Voting Share issued and outstanding. 

F- 46 

shares of the Company s common stock with a par value of per share. Holders of the Company s
shares of the Company s common stock are entitled to one vote for each share. 

shares of common stock (the PIPE Shares and warrants to purchase up to an aggregate
of shares of common stock (the PIPE Warrants ), at a combined purchase price of per share and PIPE Warrant
(the Offering ). Aggregate gross proceeds from the offering were approximately million. Net proceeds to the Company
from the offering, after deducting the placement agent fees and estimated offering expenses payable by the Company, were approximately
 million. 

per share, were immediately exercisable and are subject to customary anti-dilution adjustments for stock
splits or dividends or other similar transactions. However, the exercise price of the PIPE Warrants will not be subject to adjustment
as a result of subsequent equity issuances at effective prices lower than the then-current exercise price. The PIPE Warrants are exercisable
for years following the closing date. The PIPE Warrants are subject to a provision prohibiting the exercise of such PIPE Warrants to
the extent that, after giving effect to such exercise, the holder of such PIPE Warrant (together with the holder s affiliates,
and any other persons acting as a group together with the holder or any of the holder s affiliates), would beneficially own in
excess of of the Company s outstanding common stock (which may be increased to on a holder by holder basis, with 61
days prior written consent of the applicable holder). The PIPE Warrants were determined to be liability-classified (see Note 8, Derivative
Liabilities). Of the of placement agent fees and offering expenses, was allocated to the PIPE Shares and was
allocated to the PIPE Warrant. Because the PIPE Warrants are liability classified, the allocated to the warrants was immediately
expensed. 

each month, up to a maximum of . The Company incurred
 of damages during the year ended December 31, 2021, which amount was paid, and such registration statement was subsequently
filed and declared effective, and as a result the Company is no longer in default. 

and an aggregate accrued
interest balance of into an aggregate of shares of the Company s common stock at a conversion price of per
share, pursuant to the terms of such notes (see Note 10 - Convertible Notes Payable). 

F- 47 

and
an aggregate accrued interest balance of into an aggregate of shares of the Company s common stock at conversion
prices ranging from - per share, pursuant to the terms of such notes (see Note 10 - Convertible Notes Payable). 

and issued shares of the Company s restricted common stock with a grant date value of to EarlyBird, in full satisfaction
of accounts payable in the amount of . The Company recorded a loss of in connection with the Settlement Agreement,
which is included in (loss) gain on settlement of liabilities in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. 

shares of common stock and warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of shares of common stock (the August 2021 PIPE Warrants ),
at a combined purchase price of per share and August 2021 PIPE Warrant (the August 2021 Offering ). Aggregate gross
proceeds from the August 2021 Offering were approximately . Net proceeds to the Company from the August 2021 Offering, after
deducting the placement agent fees and estimated offering expenses payable by the Company, were approximately million. 

per share, are immediately exercisable and are subject to customary anti-dilution adjustments
for stock splits or dividends or other similar transactions. However, the exercise price of the August 2021 PIPE Warrants will not be
subject to adjustment as a result of subsequent equity issuances at effective prices lower than the then-current exercise price. The
August 2021 PIPE Warrants are exercisable for years following the closing date. The August 2021 PIPE Warrants are subject to a provision
prohibiting the exercise of such August 2021 PIPE Warrants to the extent that, after giving effect to such exercise, the holder of such
August 2021 PIPE Warrant (together with the holder s affiliates, and any other persons acting as a group together with the holder
or any of the holder s affiliates), would beneficially own in excess of of the Company s outstanding common stock (which
may be increased to on a holder by holder basis, with 61 days prior written consent of the applicable holder). Although the PIPE
Warrants have a tender offer provision, the August 2021 PIPE Warrants were determined to be equity-classified because they met the limited
exception in the case of a change-in-control. Because the August 2021 PIPE Warrants are equity-classified, the of placement
agent fees and offering expenses were fully accounted for as a reduction of additional paid in capital. 

and an aggregate
accrued interest balance of into an aggregate of shares of the Company s common stock at the conversion price of
 per share, pursuant to the terms of the agreement, which conversion rate was above the closing consolidated bid price of the
Company s common stock on the date the binding agreement was entered into (see Note 9 - Loans Payable and Note 10 - Convertible
Notes Payable for more information). 

F- 48 

shares of common stock and warrants to purchase shares in connection with a settlement entered
into with Alpha Capital (see Note 10 - Convertible Notes Payable). 

shares of the Company s common stock, respectively, as compensation to consultants,
directors, and officers, with an aggregate issuance date fair value of , respectively, which was charged immediately to the
consolidated statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

shares of common stock, pre-funded warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of shares of common stock July 2022 Pre-Funded
Warrants ), and common stock warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of shares of common stock (the July 2022 Common
Warrants ), at a combined purchase price of per share and warrant (the July 2022 Offering ). Aggregate gross
proceeds from the July 2022 Offering were . The July 2022 Offering closed on July 20, 2022. 

, are immediately exercisable and are subject to customary anti-dilution adjustments
for stock splits or dividends or other similar transactions. The exercise price of the July 2022 Pre-Funded Warrants will not be subject
to adjustment as a result of subsequent equity issuances at effective prices lower than the then-current exercise price. The July 2022
Pre-Funded Warrants are exercisable until they are exercised in full. The July 2022 Pre-Funded Warrants are subject to a provision prohibiting
the exercise of such July 2022 Pre-Funded Warrants to the extent that, after giving effect to such exercise, the holder of such July
2022 Pre-Funded Warrants (together with the holder s affiliates, and any other persons acting as a group together with the holder
or any of the holder s affiliates), would beneficially own in excess of of the Company s outstanding common stock (which
may be increased or decreased, with 61 days prior written notice by the holder). Although the July 2022 Pre-Funded Warrants have a tender
offer provision, the July 2022 Pre-Funded Warrants were determined to be equity-classified because they met the limited exception in
the case of a change-in-control. Because the July 2022 Pre-Funded Warrants are equity-classified, the placement agent fees and offering
expenses will be accounted for as a reduction of additional paid in capital. 

per share, are exercisable 6 months following the closing of the July 2022 Offering (the Initial
Exercise Date and are subject to customary anti-dilution adjustments for stock splits or dividends or other similar transactions.
The exercise price of the July 2022 Common Warrants will not be subject to adjustment as a result of subsequent equity issuances at effective
prices lower than the then-current exercise price. The July 2022 Common Warrants are exercisable for years following the Initial Exercise
Date. The July 2022 Common Warrants are subject to a provision prohibiting the exercise of such July 2022 Common Warrants to the extent
that, after giving effect to such exercise, the holder of such July 2022 Common Warrants (together with the holder s affiliates,
and any other persons acting as a group together with the holder or any of the holder s affiliates), would beneficially own in
excess of of the Company s outstanding common stock (which may be increased or decreased, with 61 days prior written notice
by the holder). Although the July 2022 Common Warrants have a tender offer provision, the July 2022 Common Warrants were determined to
be equity-classified because they met the limited exception in the case of a change-in-control. Because the July 2022 Common Warrants
are equity-classified, the placement agent fees and offering expenses will be accounted for as a reduction of additional paid in capital. 

of the July 2022 Pre-Funded Warrants have been exercised for a value of ; there are no unexercised July 2022 Pre-Funded
Warrants remaining as of the end of the year. No July 2022 Common Warrants have been exercised as of December 31, 2022. 

F- 49 

shares of common stock, pre-funded warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of shares of common stock December
2022 Pre-Funded Warrants ), and common stock warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of shares of common stock (the December
2022 Common Warrants ), at a combined purchase price of per share and warrant (the December 2022 Offering ).
Aggregate gross proceeds from the December 2022 Offering were approximately , and the December 2022 Offering closed on December
22, 2022. 

, are immediately exercisable and are subject to customary anti-dilution adjustments
for stock splits or dividends or other similar transactions. The exercise price of the December 2022 Pre-Funded Warrants will not be
subject to adjustment as a result of subsequent equity issuances at effective prices lower than the then-current exercise price. The
December 2022 Pre-Funded Warrants are exercisable until they are exercised in full. The December 2022 Pre-Funded Warrants are subject
to a provision prohibiting the exercise of such December 2022 Pre-Funded Warrants to the extent that, after giving effect to such exercise,
the holder of such December 2022 Pre-Funded Warrants (together with the holder s affiliates, and any other persons acting as a
group together with the holder or any of the holder s affiliates), would beneficially own in excess of of the Company s
outstanding common stock (which may be increased or decreased, with 61 days prior written notice by the holder). Although the December
2022 Pre-Funded Warrants have a tender offer provision, the December 2022 Pre-Funded Warrants were determined to be equity-classified
because they met the limited exception in the case of a change-in-control. Because the December 2022 Pre-Funded Warrants are equity-classified,
the placement agent fees and offering expenses will be accounted for as a reduction of additional paid in capital. 

per share, are exercisable 6 months following the closing of the December 2022 Offering
(the Initial Exercise Date (see Note 15 Subsequent Events, Amendment to Common Warrant Agreement for
the December 2022 Offering and are subject to customary anti-dilution adjustments for stock splits or dividends or other
similar transactions. The exercise price of the December 2022 Common Warrants will not be subject to adjustment as a result of subsequent
equity issuances at effective prices lower than the then-current exercise price. The December 2022 Common Warrants are exercisable for
 years following the Initial Exercise Date. The December 2022 Common Warrants are subject to a provision prohibiting the exercise of
such December 2022 Common Warrants to the extent that, after giving effect to such exercise, the holder of such December 2022 Common
Warrants (together with the holder s affiliates, and any other persons acting as a group together with the holder or any of the
holder s affiliates), would beneficially own in excess of of the Company s outstanding common stock (which may be increased
or decreased, with 61 days prior written notice by the holder). Although the December 2022 Common Warrants have a tender offer provision,
the December 2022 Common Warrants were determined to be equity-classified because they met the limited exception in the case of a change-in-control.
Because the December 2022 Common Warrants are equity-classified, the placement agent fees and offering expenses will be accounted for
as a reduction of additional paid in capital. 

of the December 2022 Pre-Funded Warrants have been exercised for a value of ; there are no unexercised December 2022
Pre-Funded Warrants remaining as of the end of the year. No December 2022 Common Warrants have been exercised as of December 31, 2022. 

of immediately vested shares of the Company s common stock as compensation
to consultants, directors, and officers, with an aggregate issuance date fair value of , which was charged immediately to the
consolidated statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

F- 50 

restricted shares of the Company s common stock, or Restricted Stock Shares as compensation to
consultants with an issuance date fair value , or per share. Per the two-year consulting agreement, the Restricted Stock
Shares are issued at the beginning of the contract term and annually and vest monthly over a period of 24 months. The Company recognized
stock-based compensation expense related to the amortization of the Restricted Stock Shares of for the year ended December 31,
2022. 

Vested 

Unvested as of December 31, 2022 

Total unrecognized expense remaining 

Weighted-average years expected to be recognized over 
 
 -

shares were issued upon the exchange of common stock equivalents associated with the Special Voting Shares. 

Shares issued 
 -

Shares exchanged 

Balance, December 31, 2021 

Shares issued 
 -

Shares exchanged 
 -

Balance, December 31, 2022 

F- 51 

-

Granted 

-
 
 -

Exercised 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Expired 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Forfeited 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Outstanding, December 31, 2021 

Granted 

-
 
 -

Exercised 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Expired 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Forfeited 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Outstanding, December 31, 2022 

-

Exercisable, December 31, 2022 

-

88.60 

151.20 

79.00 

27.20 

shares of the Company s common stock to two officers of the
Company, pursuant to the 2020 Omnibus Incentive Plan. The options have an exercise price of per share and vest at the rate of
 on the date of grant and the remaining on a monthly basis thereafter over the following 36 months. The options had a grant date
fair value of , which will be recognized over the vesting term. 

F- 52 

-year options for the purchase of an aggregate of shares of common stock at an exercise price of per share,
to six independent directors of the Company, pursuant to the 2020 Omnibus Incentive Plan. The options had an aggregate grant date value
of , and vest monthly over . 

shares of common stock at an exercise price of per
share to six officers of the Company, pursuant to the 2020 Omnibus Incentive Plan. The options had an aggregate grant date value of 
and vest at various periods over four years. 

- 
 
 Expected term (years) 
 
 - 
 
 Expected volatility 
 
 - 
 
 Expected dividends 

shares of common stock at an exercise price of per share to
six officers of the Company, pursuant to the 2022 Omnibus Incentive Plan. The options had an aggregate grant date value of . 

shares and shares of common stock at an exercise price of per share
to two individuals one a director and the other, a consultant), respectively, pursuant to the 2022 Omnibus Incentive Plan; the 
shares had a grant date value of and vested immediately, while the shares had a grant date value of and vest
depending on the achievement of certain milestones. 

Expected term (years) 

Expected volatility 

Expected dividends 

and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, related to the amortization
of stock options. The expense is included within general and administrative expenses or research and development expenses on the consolidated
statements of operations. As of December 31, 2021, there was of unrecognized stock-based compensation expense that will be
recognized over the weighted average remaining vesting period of years. 

F- 53 

() 
 
 International 

() 

() 

() 

() 

State 

International 

Change in valuation allowance 

() 

() 
 
 Net income tax benefit 

F- 54 

Difference between domestic and foreign federal rates 

() 

() 
 
 State and provincial taxes, net of federal benefits 

Permanent differences: 

Goodwill impairment 

() 

- 

Stock-based compensation 

- 

() 
 
 Change in the fair value of derivatives and accrued issuable equity 

() 
 
 Other 

- 

() 
 
 Change in valuation allowance 

() 

() 
 
 Effective income tax rate 

Amortization 

- 

Accrued compensation not currently deductible 

Stock compensation 

- 

Accrued interest 

Other 

() 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Difference between book and tax basis related to: 

Technology license 

() 

() 
 
 Acquired in-process research and development 

() 

() 
 
 Other 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Deferred tax assets and liabilities 

Valuation allowance 

() 

() 
 
 Deferred tax assets and liabilities, net 

() 

() 

F- 55 

() 
 
 Change in valuation pursuant to the tax provision 

() 

() 
 
 True-up to a prior year s tax return 

() 

End of period 

() 

() 

of domestic federal and state NOLs. The federal NOLs have no expiration date and are subject to of taxable income; the state NOLs will begin to expire in 2039; 

each of Canadian federal and provincial NOLs. Those NOLs will begin to expire in 2038; and 

of United Kingdom federal NOLs. Those NOLs have no expiration date. 

and in connection with the tax provisions for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

as of December 31, 2022 and consists of interest accrued on loans and convertible notes due to certain officers
and directors of the Company, as well as deferred compensation for certain executives. Accrued expenses - related parties was 
as of December 31, 2021 and consists of interest accrued on loans and convertible notes due to certain officers and directors of the
Company. 

and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. See Note 9 - Loans Payable for more information. 

F- 56 

and during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, is related
to consulting and professional fees paid to current or former officers, directors or greater than investors, or affiliates thereof. 

and , respectively. Of the expenses
incurred during 2022, these primarily relate to professional fees paid to current or former officers, directors or greater than investors,
or affiliates thereof. Of the expenses incurred during 2021, approximately represents bad debt expense incurred in connection
with a receivable from related parties, and approximately represents professional fees paid to current or former officers, directors
or greater than investors, or affiliates thereof. 

of interest income related parties, which related to interest expense on loans with officers
and directors of the Company. 

of interest expense related parties, of which related to the convertible notes
with officers and directors of the Company and related to interest expense on loans with officers, directors and a greater than
 investor of the Company. 

shares of common stock at an exercise price of per share. Per the Warrant Agreement, the initial
exercise date was June 22, 2023; per the Amendment, the exercise date was changed to January 12, 2023. 

to , cumulative in the three quarters
ending September 30, 2023 for activities associated with the MHRA filing and other regulatory preparation. 

. 

per month; the amounts owed may be settled in cash or shares of the
Company s common stock (which will be subject to the Company s 2022 Omnibus Incentive Plan Plan or another
approved equity compensation plan) or a combination of both at the option of Mr. Larsen. No shares may be issued and cash will be the
default payment method for fees until an increase in shares available in the Plan is approved and any issuance is conditioned upon the
Company having sufficient shares in the Plan to be issued. Mr. Larsen is also eligible to participate in the Company s stock option
plan, subject to approval from the Board of Directors. The initial term of the agreement is for three years from the effective date of
the contract and shall automatically extend for additional one-year periods. 

F-57 

<EX-4.6>
 2
 f10k2022ex4-6_180lifesci.htm
 DESCRIPTION OF THE REGISTRANT'S SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED

Exhibit 4.6 

DESCRIPTION OF THE REGISTRANT S SECURITIES 

 REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF 

 THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED 

General 

180 Life Sciences Corp., formerly KBL
Merger Corp. IV (the Company or we is incorporated in the state of Delaware. The rights of
our stockholders are generally governed by Delaware law, our amended and restated Certificate of Incorporation and our Bylaws (each as
amended and restated in effect as of the date hereof). 

This exhibit describes the
general terms of the following two classes of securities registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended:
our common stock, par value 0.0001 per share and warrants exercisable for one-fortieth of one share of our common stock. 

This exhibit is a summary
and is not intended to be a complete description of the rights and preferences of such securities. The terms of these securities may also
be affected by the Delaware General Corporation Law DGCL ). Our amended and restated Certificate of Incorporation
and Bylaws are incorporated by reference or filed as an exhibit to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of which this exhibit is a part, and
amendments or restatements of each will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC in future periodic
or current reports in accordance with the rules of the SEC. The summary below is qualified in its entirety by reference to our amended
and restated Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws, which are filed as exhibits to our Annual Report on Form 10-K of which this exhibit
is a part. 

Authorized Capitalization 

The total number of authorized
shares of our common stock is 100,000,000 shares, 0.0001 par value per share. The total number of blank check authorized
shares of our preferred stock is 5,000,000 shares, 0.0001 par value per share. There are no shares of preferred stock currently outstanding. 

The terms of our preferred
stock are not included herein as such preferred stock is not registered under Section 12 of the Exchange Act. 

Common Stock 

Voting Rights .
Each share of our common stock is entitled to one vote on all stockholder matters. Shares of our common stock do not possess any cumulative
voting rights. 

Except for the election of
directors, if a quorum is present, an action on a matter is approved if it receives the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority
of the voting power of the shares of capital stock present in person or represented by proxy at the meeting and entitled to vote on the
matter, unless otherwise required by applicable law, Delaware law, our Certificate of Incorporation, as amended or Bylaws, as amended.
The election of directors will be determined by a plurality of the votes cast in respect of the shares present in person or represented
by proxy at the meeting and entitled to vote, meaning that the nominees with the greatest number of votes cast, even if less than a majority,
will be elected. The rights, preferences and privileges of holders of common stock are subject to, and may be impacted by, the rights
of the holders of shares of any series of preferred stock that we have designated, or may designate and issue in the future. 

1 

Our board of directors is
divided into two classes, each of which will generally serve for a term of two years with only one class of directors being elected in
each year. There is no cumulative voting with respect to the election of directors, with the result that the holders of more than 50 
of the shares voted for the election of directors can elect all of the directors. 

Dividend Rights .
Each share of our common stock is entitled to equal dividends and distributions per share with respect to the common stock when, as and
if declared by our Board of Directors, subject to any preferential or other rights of any outstanding preferred stock. 

Liquidation and Dissolution
Rights . Upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up, our common stock will be entitled to receive pro rata on a share-for-share
basis, the assets available for distribution to the stockholders after payment of liabilities and payment of preferential and other amounts,
if any, payable on any outstanding preferred stock. 

Fully Paid Status. All
outstanding shares of the Company s common stock are validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable. 

Listing. Our
common stock is listed and traded on the NASDAQ Capital Market under the symbol ATNF . 

Other Matters .
No holder of any shares of our common stock has a preemptive right to subscribe for any of our securities, nor are any shares of our common
stock subject to redemption or convertible into other securities. 

Dividends 

We have not paid any cash
dividends on our common stock to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of a business combination. The payment
of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition
subsequent to completion of a business combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent to a business combination will be within
the discretion of our board of directors at such time. In addition, our board of directors is not currently contemplating and does not
anticipate declaring any stock dividends in the foreseeable future. Further, if we incur any indebtedness, our ability to declare dividends
may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. 

Warrants 

Each warrant entitles the
registered holder to purchase one-fortieth of one share of our common stock at a price of 5.75 per 1/40 th of one share or
 230 per whole share, subject to adjustment as discussed below, at any time commencing on December 6, 2020 (30 days after our initial
business combination) and ending on November 6, 2025 (five years after our initial business combination), at 5:00 p.m., New York City
time, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. If a warrant holder holds 40 warrants, such warrants will be exercisable for one share
of our common stock. No fractional shares will be issued upon exercise of the warrants and warrants must be exercised for whole shares
only. 

We will not be obligated to
deliver any shares of common stock pursuant to the exercise of a warrant and will have no obligation to settle such warrant exercise unless
a registration statement under the Securities Act with respect to the shares of common stock underlying the warrants is then effective
and a prospectus relating thereto is current, subject to our satisfying our obligations described below with respect to registration.
No warrant will be exercisable for cash or on a cashless basis, and we will not be obligated to issue any shares to holders seeking to
exercise their warrants, unless the issuance of the shares upon such exercise is registered or qualified under the securities laws of
the state of the exercising holder, unless an exemption is available. In the event that the conditions in the two immediately preceding
sentences are not satisfied with respect to a warrant, the holder of such warrant will not be entitled to exercise such warrant and such
warrant may have no value and expire worthless. In no event will we be required to net cash settle any warrant. In the event that a registration
statement is not effective for the exercised warrants, the purchaser of a unit containing such warrant will have paid the full purchase
price for the unit solely for the share of common stock underlying such unit. 

2 

We agreed that as soon as
practicable, but in no event later than thirty (30) days, after the closing of our initial Business Combination (which closing date was
November 6, 2020), we would use our best efforts to file with the SEC a registration statement for the registration, under the Securities
Act, of the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants, which registration statement was filed with the SEC on July
20, 2021, and declared effective by the SEC on July 27, 2021. 

Notwithstanding the above,
if our common stock is at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that it satisfies the
definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, we may, at our option, require holders
of public warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of
the Securities Act and, in the event we so elect, we will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement or register
or qualify the shares under blue sky laws, and in the event we do not so elect, we will use our best efforts to register or qualify the
shares under the blue sky laws of the state of residence in those states in which the warrants were initially offered by us in our initial
public offering. 

Once the warrants become exercisable,
we may call the warrants for redemption: 

in whole and not in part; 

at a price of 0.01 per warrant; 

upon not less than 30 days 
prior written notice of redemption (the 30-day redemption period to each warrant holder; and 

if, and only if, the reported
last sale price of the common stock equals or exceeds 230.00 per share for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending
on the third trading day prior to the date we send to the notice of redemption to the warrant holders. 

If and when the warrants become
redeemable by us, we may not exercise our redemption right if the issuance of shares of common stock upon exercise of the warrants is
not exempt from registration or qualification under applicable state blue sky laws or we are unable to affect such registration or qualification.
We will use our best efforts to register or qualify the shares of common stock under the blue-sky laws of the state of residence in those
states in which the warrants were initially offered by us in our initial public offering. 

We have established the last
of the redemption criterion discussed above to prevent a redemption call unless there is at the time of the call a significant premium
to the warrant exercise price. If the foregoing conditions are satisfied and we issue a notice of redemption of the warrants, each warrant
holder will be entitled to exercise his, her or its warrant prior to the scheduled redemption date. However, the price of the common stock
may fall below the 720.00 redemption trigger price as well as the 230.00 warrant exercise price (for whole shares) after the redemption
notice is issued. 

If we call the warrants for
redemption as described above, our management will have the option to require any holder that wishes to exercise his, her or its warrant
to do so on a cashless basis. If our management takes advantage of this option, all holders of warrants would pay
the exercise price by surrendering their warrants for that number of shares of common stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing
(x) the product of the number of shares of common stock underlying the warrants, multiplied by the difference between the exercise price
of the warrants and the fair market value by (y) the fair market value. The fair market value 
shall mean the average reported last sale price of the common stock for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the
date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants. If our management takes advantage of this option, the notice
of redemption will contain the information necessary to calculate the number of shares of common stock to be received upon exercise of
the warrants, including the fair market value in such case. Requiring a cashless exercise in this manner would reduce
the number of shares to be issued and thereby lessen the dilutive effect of a warrant redemption. 

3 

If the number of outstanding
shares of common stock is increased by a stock dividend payable in shares of common stock, or by a split-up of shares of common stock
or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such stock dividend, split-up or similar event, the number of shares of common
stock issuable on exercise of each warrant will be increased in proportion to such increase in the outstanding shares of common stock.
A rights offering to holders of common stock entitling holders to purchase shares of common stock at a price less than the fair market
value will be deemed a stock dividend of a number of shares of common stock equal to the product of (i) the number of shares of common
stock actually sold in such rights offering (or issuable under any other equity securities sold in such rights offering that are convertible
into or exercisable for common stock) multiplied by (ii) one (1) minus the quotient of (x) the price per share of common stock paid in
such rights offering divided by (y) the fair market value. For these purposes (i) if the rights offering is for securities convertible
into or exercisable for common stock, in determining the price payable for common stock, there will be taken into account any consideration
received for such rights, as well as any additional amount payable upon exercise or conversion and (ii) fair market value means the volume
weighted average price of common stock as reported during the ten (10) trading day period ending on the trading day prior to the first
date on which the shares of common stock trade on the applicable exchange or in the applicable market, regular way, without the right
to receive such rights. 

In addition, if we, at any
time while the warrants are outstanding and unexpired, pay a dividend or make a distribution in cash, securities or other assets to the
holders of common stock on account of such shares of common stock (or other shares of our capital stock into which the warrants are convertible),
other than (a) as described above, (b) certain ordinary cash dividends, (c) to satisfy the redemption rights of the holders of common
stock in connection with a proposed initial business combination, (d) as a result of the repurchase of shares of common stock by us if
the proposed initial business combination is presented to our stockholders for approval, or (e) in connection with the redemption of our
public shares upon our failure to complete our initial business combination, then the warrant exercise price will be decreased, effective
immediately after the effective date of such event, by the amount of cash and/or the fair market value of any securities or other assets
paid on each share of common stock in respect of such event. 

If the number of outstanding
shares of our common stock is decreased by a consolidation, combination, reverse stock split or reclassification of shares of common stock
or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such consolidation, combination, reverse stock split, reclassification or similar
event, the number of shares of common stock issuable on exercise of each warrant will be decreased in proportion to such decrease in outstanding
shares of common stock. 

Whenever the number of shares
of common stock purchasable upon the exercise of the warrants is adjusted, as described above, the warrant exercise price will be adjusted
by multiplying the warrant exercise price immediately prior to such adjustment by a fraction (x) the numerator of which will be the number
of shares of common stock purchasable upon the exercise of the warrants immediately prior to such adjustment, and (y) the denominator
of which will be the number of shares of common stock so purchasable immediately thereafter. 

4 

In case of any reclassification
or reorganization of the outstanding shares of common stock (other than those described above or that solely affects the par value of
such shares of common stock), or in the case of any merger or consolidation of us with or into another corporation (other than a consolidation
or merger in which we are the continuing corporation and that does not result in any reclassification or reorganization of our outstanding
shares of common stock), or in the case of any sale or conveyance to another corporation or entity of the assets or other property of
us as an entirety or substantially as an entirety in connection with which we are dissolved, the holders of the warrants will thereafter
have the right to purchase and receive, upon the basis and upon the terms and conditions specified in the warrants and in lieu of the
shares of our common stock immediately theretofore purchasable and receivable upon the exercise of the rights represented thereby, the
kind and amount of shares of stock or other securities or property (including cash) receivable upon such reclassification, reorganization,
merger or consolidation, or upon a dissolution following any such sale or transfer, that the holder of the warrants would have received
if such holder had exercised their warrants immediately prior to such event. However, if such holders were entitled to exercise a right
of election as to the kind or amount of securities, cash or other assets receivable upon such consolidation or merger, then the kind and
amount of securities, cash or other assets for which each warrant will become exercisable will be deemed to be the weighted average of
the kind and amount received per share by such holders in such consolidation or merger that affirmatively make such election, and if a
tender, exchange or redemption offer has been made to and accepted by such holders (other than a tender, exchange or redemption offer
made by us in connection with redemption rights held by our stockholders as provided for in the our amended and restated Certificate of
Incorporation or as a result of the repurchase of shares of common stock by us if a proposed initial business combination is presented
to the stockholders of the Company for approval) under circumstances in which, upon completion of such tender or exchange offer, the maker
thereof, together with members of any group (within the meaning of Rule 13d-5(b)(1) under the Exchange Act) of which such maker is a part,
and together with any affiliate or associate of such maker (within the meaning of Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act) and any members of
any such group of which any such affiliate or associate is a part, own beneficially (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange
Act) more than 50 of the outstanding shares of common stock, the holder of a warrant will be entitled to receive the highest amount of
cash, securities or other property to which such holder would actually have been entitled as a stockholder if such warrant holder had
exercised the warrant prior to the expiration of such tender or exchange offer, accepted such offer and all of the common stock held by
such holder had been purchased pursuant to such tender or exchange offer, subject to adjustments (from and after the consummation of such
tender or exchange offer) as nearly equivalent as possible to the adjustments provided for in the warrant agreement. Additionally, if
less than 70 of the consideration receivable by the holders of common stock in such a transaction is payable in the form of common stock
in the successor entity that is listed for trading on a national securities exchange or is quoted in an established over-the-counter market,
or is to be so listed for trading or quoted immediately following such event, and if the registered holder of the warrant properly exercises
the warrant within thirty days following public disclosure of such transaction, the warrant exercise price will be reduced as specified
in the warrant agreement based on the per share consideration minus Black-Scholes Warrant Value (as defined in the warrant agreement)
of the warrant in order to determine and realize the option value component of the warrant. This formula is to compensate the warrant
holder for the loss of the option value portion of the warrant value due to the requirement that the warrant holder exercise the warrant
within 30 days of the event. The Black-Scholes model is an accepted pricing model for estimating fair market value where no quoted market
price for an instrument is available. 

The warrants were issued in
registered form under a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent, and us. You should
review a copy of the warrant agreement, which is filed as (or incorporated by reference as) an exhibit to our Annual Report on Form 10-K
of which this exhibit is a part, for a complete description of the terms and conditions applicable to the warrants. The warrant agreement
provides that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure any ambiguity or correct any defective
provision, but requires the approval by the holders of at least 65 of the then outstanding public warrants to make any change that adversely
affects the interests of the registered holders of public warrants. 

5 

The warrants may be exercised
upon surrender of the warrant certificate on or prior to the expiration date at the offices of the warrant agent, with the exercise form
on the reverse side of the warrant certificate completed and executed as indicated, accompanied by full payment of the exercise price
(or on a cashless basis, if applicable), by certified or official bank check payable to us, for the number of warrants being exercised.
The warrant holders do not have the rights or privileges of holders of common stock and any voting rights until they exercise their warrants
and receive shares of common stock. After the issuance of shares of common stock upon exercise of the warrants, each holder will be entitled
to one vote for each share held of record on all matters to be voted on by stockholders. 

Warrants may be exercised
only for a whole number of shares of common stock. No fractional shares will be issued upon exercise of the warrants. If, upon exercise
of the warrants, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in a share, we will, upon exercise, round down to the nearest
whole number the number of shares of common stock to be issued to the warrant holder. As a result, warrant holders not holding multiples
of 40 warrants must sell any odd number of warrants in order to obtain full value from the fractional interest that will not be issued. 

Listing of Securities 

The warrants are listed on
The NASDAQ Stock Market under the symbol ATNFW . 

Anti-Takeover Effects Under Section 203 of
Delaware General Corporation Law 

We are subject to Section
203 of Delaware General Corporation Law, which prohibits a Delaware corporation from engaging in any business combination with any interested
stockholder for a period of three years after the date that such stockholder became an interested stockholder, with the following exceptions: 

- before such date, the Board
of Directors of the corporation approved either the business combination or the transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming
an interested stockholder; 

- upon completion of the transaction
that resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, the interested stockholder owned at least 85 percent of the voting
stock of the corporation outstanding at the time the transaction began, excluding for purposes of determining the voting stock outstanding
(but not the outstanding voting stock owned by the interested stockholder) those shares owned (i) by persons who are directors and also
officers and (ii) employee stock plans in which employee participants do not have the right to determine confidentially whether shares
held subject to the plan will be tendered in a tender or an exchange offer; or 

- on or after such date, the
business combination is approved by our Board of Directors and authorized at an annual or a special meeting of the stockholders, and
not by written consent, by the affirmative vote of at least 66 2/3 percent of the outstanding voting stock that is not owned by the interested
stockholder. 

In general, Section 203 defines business
combination to include the following: 

- any merger or consolidation
involving the corporation or any direct or indirect majority owned subsidiary of the corporation and the interested stockholder or any
other corporation, partnership, unincorporated association, or other entity if the merger or consolidation is caused by the interested
stockholder and as a result of such merger or consolidation the transaction is not excepted as described above; 

6 

- any sale, transfer, pledge,
or other disposition (in one transaction or a series) of 10 or more of the assets of the corporation involving the interested stockholder; 

- subject to certain exceptions,
any transaction that results in the issuance or transfer by the corporation of any stock of the corporation to the interested stockholder; 

- any transaction involving the
corporation that has the effect of increasing the proportionate share of the stock or any class or series of the corporation beneficially
owned by the interested stockholder; or 

- the receipt by the interested
stockholder of the benefit of any loss, advances, guarantees, pledges, or other financial benefits by or through the corporation. 

In general, Section 203 defines
an interested stockholder as an entity or a person who, together with the person s affiliates and associates,
beneficially owns, or within three years prior to the time of determination of interested stockholder status did own, 15 percent or more
of the outstanding voting stock of the corporation. 

A Delaware corporation may
 opt out of these provisions with an express provision in its original certificate of incorporation or an express
provision in its certificate of incorporation or bylaws resulting from a stockholders amendment approved by at least a majority
of the outstanding voting shares. We have not opted out of these provisions. As a result, mergers or other takeover or change in control
attempts of us may be discouraged or prevented. 

Anti-Takeover Effects Under our Certificate
of Incorporation and Bylaws 

Exclusive forum for certain lawsuits 

Our amended and restated Certificate
of Incorporation requires, to the fullest extent permitted by law, that derivative actions brought in our name, actions against directors,
officers and employees for breach of fiduciary duty and other similar actions may be brought only in the Court of Chancery in the State
of Delaware and, if brought outside of Delaware, the stockholder bringing such suit will be deemed to have consented to service of process
on such stockholder s counsel. Although we believe this provision benefits us by providing increased consistency in the application
of Delaware law in the types of lawsuits to which it applies, the provision may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in
a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or our directors, officers, or other employees, which may have the effect
of discouraging lawsuits against our directors and officers. 

7 

Notwithstanding the foregoing,
in the event the Court of Chancery in the State of Delaware lacks subject matter jurisdiction over any such action or proceeding, the
sole and exclusive forum for such action or proceeding will be another court in the State of Delaware, or if no court in the State of
Delaware has jurisdiction, the federal district court for the District of Delaware, in each such case, unless the Court of Chancery (or
such other state or federal court located within the State of Delaware, as applicable) has dismissed a prior action by the same plaintiff
asserting the same claims because such court lacked personal jurisdiction over an indispensable party named as a defendant therein. To
the fullest extent permitted by law, the forum selection provision discussed above will apply to derivative actions or proceedings brought
on our behalf and arising under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, although our stockholders cannot waive compliance with the federal
securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. There is uncertainty as to whether a court would enforce such provision in connection
with any such derivative action or proceeding arising under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, and it is possible that a court could
find the forum selection provision to be inapplicable or unenforceable in such a case. 

Special meeting of stockholders 

Our Bylaws provide that special
meetings of our stockholders may be called only by a majority vote of our board of directors, by our Chief Executive Officer or by our
Chairman. 

Advance notice requirements for stockholder
proposals and director nominations 

Our Bylaws provide that stockholders
seeking to bring business before our annual meeting of stockholders, or to nominate candidates for election as directors at our annual
meeting of stockholders, must provide timely notice of their intent in writing. Separately, pursuant to Rule 14a-8 of the Exchange Act,
proposals seeking inclusion in our annual proxy statement must comply with the notice periods contained therein. Our Bylaws also specify
certain requirements as to the form and content of a stockholders meeting. These provisions may preclude our stockholders from
bringing matters before our annual meeting of stockholders or from making nominations for directors at our annual meeting of stockholders
and may also discourage or deter a potential acquirer from conducting a solicitation of proxies to elect the acquirer s own slate
of directors or otherwise attempting to obtain control of our company. 

Director terms and removal of directors 

Pursuant to our amended and
restated Certificate of Incorporation, our Board of Directors is a classified Board of Directors, as a result of which our Board of Directors
is divided into two classes, with each class serving for staggered two-year terms and directors can only be removed for cause . 

Action by written consent 

Our amended and restated Certificate
of Incorporation prohibits stockholder action via any written consent to action without meeting. 

Vacancies on the Board of Directors 

Our amended and restated Certificate
of Incorporation and Bylaws provide that, subject to the rights of the holders of any outstanding series of preferred stock and unless
otherwise required by law or resolution of our board of directors, vacancies on the board of directors arising through death, resignation,
retirement, disqualification or removal, an increase in the number of directors or otherwise may be filled by a majority of the directors
then in office, though less than a quorum. 

No cumulative voting 

Our
amended and restated Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws do not permit cumulative voting in the election of directors. Cumulative
voting allows a stockholder to vote a portion or all of its shares for one or more candidates for seats on the board of directors. Without
cumulative voting, a minority stockholder may not be able to gain as many seats on our board of directors as the stockholder would be
able to gain if cumulative voting were permitted. The absence of cumulative voting makes it more difficult for a minority stockholder
to gain a seat on our board of directors to influence our board s decision regarding a takeover. 

8 

</EX-4.6>

<EX-10.59>
 3
 f10k2022ex10-59_180lifesci.htm
 FIRST AMENDMENT TO SEPARATION AND RELEASE AGREEMENT, DATED MARCH 29, 2023, BY AND BETWEEN 180 LIFE SCIENCES CORP. AND QUAN VU

Exhibit 10.59 

FIRST AMENDMENT TO 
SEPARATION AND RELEASE AGREEMENT 

This
First Amendment to Separation and Release Agreement (this Agreement ), dated March 29, 2023 and effective January
18, 2023 (the Effective Date ), amends that certain Separation and Release Agreement dated January 18, 2023
(the Separation and Release Agreement ), by and between Quan Vu, an individual Vu and 180 Life Sciences Corp., a Delaware corporation 180 Life (collectively referred to as the Parties 
or individually referred to as a Party ). Certain capitalized terms used below but not otherwise defined shall
have the meanings given to such terms in the Separation and Release Agreement. 

WHEREAS ,
after the Separation and Release Agreement was executed, the Parties discovered that the Separation and Release Agreement contained certain
an error in that it provided for Vu to be paid certain amounts as a bonus for fiscal 2021, even though the Board of Directors of 180 Life
has to date not approved bonuses for 2021; and 

WHEREAS ,
the Parties desire to amend the Separation and Release Agreement on the terms and conditions set forth below. 

NOW,
THEREFORE , in consideration of the premises and the mutual covenants, agreements, and considerations herein contained, and other good
and valuable consideration, which consideration each of the Parties hereby acknowledge and confirm the receipt and sufficiency thereof,
the Parties hereto agree as follows: 

1. 
 Amendment to Separation and Release Agreement . Effective as of the Effective Date, Section 1 of the Separation
and Release Agreement is amended and restated to read as follows: 

1. Severance Payment .
Subject to Vu s compliance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement and Release, 180 Life agrees to (a) pay Vu 297,440,
less all applicable withholdings and required deductions and (b) reimburse up to 1,100 a month for eight months for Vu s health
insurance expenses, whether under COBRA or otherwise (collectively, (a) and (b), the Severance Payment ). The
Severance Payment (except for the amounts payable pursuant to (b) which shall be paid by the 15 th day of each calendar
month during the applicable eight-month period) shall be paid within 30 days of the Separation Date (the Payment Date ).
In addition to the Severance Payment, by the Payment Date, 180 Life shall pay Vu 73,645 for accrued backpay and 36,050 for accrued paid
time off. Vu agrees that the Severance Payment to be paid under this Agreement and Release is due solely from 180 Life and represents
consideration which would not otherwise be due to Vu. Further, 180 Life agrees not to oppose Vu s application for unemployment insurance
compensation benefits. 

2. 
 Effect of Agreement . Upon the effectiveness of this Agreement, each reference in the Separation and Release Agreement
to Agreement, hereunder, hereof, herein or words of
like import shall mean and be a reference to such Separation and Release Agreement as modified or amended hereby. 

3. 
 Separation and Release Agreement to Continue in Full Force and Effect . Except as specifically modified or amended herein,
the Separation and Release Agreement and the terms and conditions thereof shall remain in full force and effect. 

4. 
 Counterparts and Signatures . This Agreement and any signed agreement or instrument entered into in connection with this
Agreement, and any amendments hereto or thereto, may be executed in one or more counterparts, all of which shall constitute one and the
same instrument. Any such counterpart, to the extent delivered by means of a facsimile machine or by .pdf, .tif, .gif, .jpeg or similar
attachment to electronic mail (any such delivery, an Electronic Delivery shall be treated in all manner and
respects as an original executed counterpart and shall be considered to have the same binding legal effect as if it were the original
signed version thereof delivered in person. No Party shall raise the use of Electronic Delivery to deliver a signature or the fact that
any signature or agreement or instrument was transmitted or communicated through the use of Electronic Delivery as a defense to the formation
of a contract, and each such Party forever waives any such defense, except to the extent such defense relates to lack of authenticity. 

[Remainder of page left intentionally blank. Signature
page follows.] 

Page 1 of 2 First Amendment to Separation and Release Agreement March 2023 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the
Parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be executed and delivered as of the date set forth on the first page hereof to be effective
as of the Effective Date. 

Quan Vu 
 
 180 Life Sciences Corp. 

Signature: 
 /s/ Quan Vu 
 
 Signature: 
 /s/ James N. Woody 

Printed Name: 
 James N. Woody 

Title: 
 CEO 

Page 2 of 2 First Amendment to Separation and Release Agreement March 2023 

</EX-10.59>

<EX-21.1>
 4
 f10k2022ex21-1_180lifesci.htm
 LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES

Exhibit 21.1 

Direct and Indirect Subsidiaries of 180 Life
Sciences Corp. 

LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES 

Name 
 
 Jurisdiction of 
Incorporation 

180 Life Corp. 
 
 Delaware 

Katexco Callco ULC 
 
 British Columbia 

CannBioRex Callco ULC 
 
 British Columbia 

180 Therapeutics LP 
 
 Delaware 

Katexco Purchaseco ULC 
 
 British Columbia 

CannBioRex Purchaseco ULC 
 
 British Columbia 

Katexco Pharmaceuticals Corp. 
 
 British Columbia 

CannBioRex Pharmaceuticals Corp. 
 
 British Columbia 

Katexco Pharmaceuticals Corp. 
 
 California 

CannBioRex Pharma Limited 
 
 United Kingdom 

Pursuant to Item 601(b)(21)(ii)
of Regulation S-K, the names of other subsidiaries of 180 Life Sciences Corp. are omitted because, considered in the aggregate, they
would not constitute a significant subsidiary as of the end of the year covered by this report. Inclusion in this list is not, however,
a representation that the listed subsidiary is a significant subsidiary . 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 5
 f10k2022ex23-1_180lifesci.htm
 MARCUM LLP

Exhibit 23.1 

Independent
Registered Public Accounting Firm s Consent 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the
Registration Statement of 180 Life Sciences Corp. (the Company on Form S-3 (File No. 333-265416), Post-Effective
Amendment No.2 to Registration Statement on Form S-1 on Form S-3 (File No. 333-259209) and Form S-8 (File Nos. 333-259918 and 333-266716)
of our report dated March 31, 2023, which includes an explanatory paragraph as to the Company s ability to continue as a going concern,
with respect to our audits of the consolidated financial statements of 180 Life Sciences Corp. as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 and for
each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, which report is included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company
for the year ended December 31,2022. 

/s/ Marcum llp 

Marcum llp 

 San Francisco, CA 

March 31, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 f10k2022ex31-1_180lifesci.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

Certification of Chief Executive Officer 

I, James N. Woody, M.D., Ph.D., certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of 180 Life Sciences Corp. (the registrant ); 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)), and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 31, 2023 

/s/ James N. Woody, M.D., Ph.D. 

James N. Woody, M.D., Ph.D. 

Chief Executive Officer 
(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 f10k2022ex31-2_180lifesci.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

Certification of Chief Financial Officer 

I, Ozan Pamir, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of 180 Life Sciences Corp. (the registrant ); 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)), and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 31, 2023 

/s/ Ozan Pamir 

Ozan Pamir 

Interim Chief Financial Officer 
(Principal Financial/Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 f10k2022ex32-1_180lifesci.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

Certification of Chief Executive Officer 

 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, As Adopted
Pursuant to Section 906 of 
The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

I, James N. Woody, M.D., Ph.D.,
certify, as of the date hereof, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002,
that the Annual Report of 180 Life Sciences Corp. on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 fully complies with the requirements
of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that information contained in such Form 10-K fairly presents
in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations of 180 Life Sciences Corp. at the dates and for the periods
indicated. 

Dated: March 31, 2023 

/s/ James N. Woody, M.D., Ph.D. 

James N. Woody, M.D., Ph.D. 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

A signed original of this written statement
required by Section 906 has been provided to 180 Life Sciences Corp. and will be retained by 180 Life Sciences Corp. and furnished to
the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 9
 f10k2022ex32-2_180lifesci.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

Certification of Chief Financial Officer 

 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, As Adopted
Pursuant to Section 906 of 
The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

I, Ozan Pamir, certify, as
of the date hereof, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that the
Annual Report of 180 Life Sciences Corp. on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 fully complies with the requirements
of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that information contained in such Form 10-K fairly presents
in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations of 180 Life Sciences Corp. at the dates and for the periods
indicated. 

Dated: March 31, 2023 

/s/ Ozan Pamir 

Ozan Pamir 

Interim Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial/Accounting Officer) 

A signed original of this written statement
required by Section 906 has been provided to 180 Life Sciences Corp. and will be retained by 180 Life Sciences Corp. and furnished to
the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 atnf-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.LAB>
 15
 atnf-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.DEF>
 16
 atnf-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.CAL>
 17
 atnf-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.SCH>
 18
 atnf-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

