<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230329_10-K_edgar_data_883107_0001839882-23-007887.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6305322</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>214740</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1099482</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2125774</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1207269</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1476903</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001839882-23-007887.hdr.sgml : 20230329
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230329163632
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001839882-23-007887
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		81
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230329
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230329

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			NANOPHASE TECHNOLOGIES Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000883107
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PERFUMES, COSMETICS & OTHER TOILET PREPARATIONS [2844]
		IRS NUMBER:				363687863
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-22333
		FILM NUMBER:		23775698

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1319 MARQUETTE DRIVE
		CITY:			ROMEOVILLE
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60446
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6303231200

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1319 MARQUETTE DRIVE
		CITY:			ROMEOVILLE
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60446

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	NANOPHASE TECHNOLOGIES CORPORATION
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19970305

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001839882-23-007887.txt : 20230329

10-K
 1
 nanx-10k_123122.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended 

 or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

FOR
THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM_____ TO_____ 

COMMISSION
FILE NUMBER 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction 
 (I.R.S. Employer
 Identification No.) 
 
 of incorporation
 or organization) 

, , 

 (Address
of principal executive offices) (zip code) 

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code: 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports),
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant
to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that
the registrant was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller reporting
 company 

Emerging growth
 company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for
complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the
registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b).

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 

The
aggregate market value of the registrant s voting stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant based upon the last reported
sale price of the registrant s common stock on June 30, 2022 was as of such date. 

The
number of shares outstanding of the registrant s common stock, par value .01, as of March 29 , 2023 was . 

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

None. 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 General 
 2 

Company Background 
 2 

Sol sence Beauty Science Business 
 2 

Personal Care Ingredients Business 
 3 

Advanced Materials Business 
 3 

Sources and Availability of Raw Materials 
 3 

Markets and Distribution 
 4 

Research and Development 
 4 

Competitive Advantage 
 5 

Manufacturing Operations 
 5 

Intellectual Property and Proprietary Rights 
 5 

Competition 
 6 

Governmental Regulations, Including Climate Change 
 6 

Employees 
 7 

Backlog 
 7 

Business Segment and Geographical Information 
 7 

Key Customers 
 7 

Forward-Looking Statements 
 7 

Investor Information 
 8 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 8 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 8 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 8 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 9 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 9 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 10 
 
 Item 6. 
 Selected Financial Data 
 10 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 10 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 14 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 14 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 14 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 15 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 15 
 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 15 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 16 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 19 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 22 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 23 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 24 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 25 
 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 25 

1 

PART
I 

Item
1. General 

Company
Background 

Nanophase
Technologies Corporation Nanophase, Company, we, our, or us ),
along with its wholly owned subsidiary, Sol sence, LLC (our Sol sence beauty science subsidiary ),
is a leading innovator in minerals-based and scientifically-driven health care solutions across beauty and life science categories,
protecting skin from environmental aggressors and aiding in medical diagnostics. Skin health and medical diagnostics combined
currently make up the great majority of our business and drive our forward growth strategy, with additional revenue being generated
from other legacy advanced materials applications. The Company was incorporated in Illinois on November 25, 1989 and became a
Delaware corporation during November 1997. Our common stock trades on the OTCQB marketplace under the symbol NANX. We have development
and application laboratories, and manufacturing capacity in three locations in the Chicago, Illinois area. 

Leveraging
a platform of integrated patented and proprietary technologies, we create products with unique performance to enhance end-consumers 
health and well-being. We offer soup-to-nuts production, from engineered materials, formulation development, and finished product
development, to commercial manufacturing and packaging capabilities. Our expertise in materials engineering allows us to effectively
coat and disperse materials on a nano and non-nano scale for use in a variety of markets in skin health, including
for use in sunscreens as Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients APIs and as fully developed prestige skin care products,
marketed and sold through our Sol sence beauty science subsidiary. We believe that we have developed technological
advantages with respect to our APIs sold for use as ingredients, while our Sol sence beauty science technologies lead to
enhanced efficacy and aesthetics in our finished products, which have received broad acceptance in the marketplace. Due to the
enhanced efficacy and aesthetic qualities offered by our proprietary technology platform, Sol sence finished products satisfy
growing consumer demands around clean and inclusive beauty. Sol sence beauty science also benefits from the
Company s vertical integration with each product s key active ingredient that delivers its point-of-difference. This
vertical integration helps us to improve efficiency and avoid potential major supply chain challenges while also addressing ongoing
sustainability efforts. 

Polymerase
Chain Reaction PCR testing for various viruses, most notably SARS-CoV-2 COVID-19 ), has become a
critical use of our technology in the life science space. Through our medical diagnostics materials, we have been able to support
efforts to curb the COVID-19 pandemic. We believe that our deep expertise in materials science has created advantages that enable
performance in certain tests that may not be achievable through other materials. Outside of life science, we continue to sell
advanced materials for use in legacy applications, all of which, along with medical diagnostics, currently fall into the advanced
materials product category. 

Given
our technological position, in addition to the historical market acceptance of our APIs for use in skin health products and sunscreens,
rapidly growing sales for our suite of Sol sence finished products, and the expanded use of our diagnostic materials
in aiding the fight to curb the spread of COVID-19 and other viruses, in 2021 we announced that we reoriented our Company strategy.
We continue to see unprecedented demand in both beauty science, for our APIs and finished products, and life science areas.
The markets for both have shown an appetite for what we are producing, and management believes that this growth is happening now
due to a confluence of our technology, market conditions that favor what we produce, and our expanded expertise in these areas. 

Nanophase,
primarily through Sol sence, now partners with brands to develop, manufacture, and market products and ingredients that
enhance lives through healthy skin. We are focusing our combined business-, ingredient-, and product-development capabilities
on products with unique performance in this area. While we will continue to produce and sell materials to our other advanced materials
customers, it is not our strategic focus. We may develop additional technologies, or find unique applications outside of our core
markets in the future, but to maximize the use of our resources today, we plan on expanding efforts in areas where we have proven
we can deliver innovation and growth. 

Sol sence
Beauty Science Business 

In
2020, Sol sence beauty science finished products surpassed our personal care ingredients business in terms of total revenue,
and in 2021 and 2022, Sol sence beauty science more than doubled our revenue from personal care ingredients. We believe
that Sol sence offers the greatest growth potential of any group of products in any market in the Company s history.
Our volumes are continuing to grow, limited mainly by our capacity. We expect our Sol sence volume, based on 2023 shipments
and customer orders in-hand, to exceed full year 2022 volume. 

The
extent to which we grow will be dependent upon our ability to effectively expand our capabilities during 2023. As a result, we
plan to continue investments in facilities and equipment as well as in human resources, in 2023 and beyond. We are prioritizing
facilities expansion, and capital investment in this business to allow for continued growth, and increased profitability. 

2 

During
2015 we were granted a patent on a new type of particle surface treatment (coating) now called Active Stress Defense 
Technology which has become the cornerstone of our new product development in our Sol sence business, with first
revenue recognized during 2017. We now offer a suite of three technologies under our Active Stress Defense platform, each
of which offers a distinct market advantage in terms of performance, aesthetics, and/or clean positioning in
UV and environmental protection, with flexible formulas that allow for adoption by a range of brands with different market positions.
We continue to develop and expand our in-house formulating capability, through which we have created, and now sold, more than
250 SKUs of fully formulated finished cosmetics products in markets focused on skin health, with the majority in prestige beauty.
Products developed and sold by our Sol sence beauty science subsidiary are all produced under the requirements of current
Good Manufacturing Standards cGMP ), as enforced by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration FDA ), which
enables us to leverage the expertise we developed in the manufacture of personal care ingredients. Although our Sol sence
products are fully formulated for consumer use, we do not sell directly to consumers or distribute products to consumers under
the Sol sence brand through intermediaries or resellers. Instead, we sell our Sol sence 
 products to brand partners as market-ready products, as customized white label products, or as custom-developed products,
in each case, for sale or distribution to consumers under our customers brand names. In 2022, Sol sence (through
Nanophase, as its parent company) was granted site clearance by Australia s Therapeutic Goods Administration TGA for the full finished product manufacture of creams, lotions, sprays, sticks and all topical sunscreen forms. TGA site clearance
is legally required for brands to market Sol sence-made products as primary sunscreens in Australia. Our initial focus
continues to be on establishing a footprint with both new and existing Sol sence brand partners, to enable the sale of
our patented skin health products as primary sunscreens. Also in 2022, Nanophase was granted a patent in Korea for the Kleair 
technology used exclusively in Sol sence products. Shortly thereafter, Sol sence Beauty Science received two industry
accolades. In July at Cosmoprof North America, Sol sence was awarded the Cosmopack Award for best Formulation for its product
Multi-Cultural Magic SPF 50+ Featuring Kleair technology, acknowledging the Company s technology, formulation and
marketing know-how. In September, Sol sence was awarded the Cosmetics Toiletries All Award for Most Significant
Active Ingredient in Sun/Light Protection for Kleair technology, a further acknowledgement of the company s technology
know-how, as well as a recognition for the Company in the areas of innovation and impact. In early 2023, Sol sence was
named number 2 on Fast Company s Most Innovative Beauty Businesses list. This is a prestigious award that recognizes the
impact we have on the industry we serve and the lives of the people who use our products. 

Personal
Care Ingredients Business 

Prior
to 2020, our largest line of business had been the manufacture and sale of APIs in the skin health and sun care markets, which
we deliver to customers through strategic partnerships. We
continue to manufacture and supply hundreds of metric tons of surface engineered zinc oxide and titanium dioxide to our customers
annually, and these are used by major global consumer products companies for sunscreens and skin health-focused personal care
products. We produce these products using proprietary coating and dispersion technologies that comply with the requirements of
cGMP and are classified as Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients, or APIs, by the FDA. We believe we have opportunities for growth
in API sales in 2023. 

Advanced
Materials Business 

Our
third line of business has been the manufacture and sale of advanced nanoparticle materials, including a material used in life
science applications to enhance the performance of PCR test methods. Given the high level of demand for our medical diagnostics
material during 2020 and 2021, this composes the majority of our advanced materials business. We continue to service other profitable
markets where we have had a degree of success in the past, including applications in food packaging, coatings and optical
polishing, but our strategic focus and related future development is in the area of improving the health for all human beings,
and any related applications that may be created as we work to develop future materials to satisfy this growing area. 

Sources
and Availability of Raw Materials 

Most
of the raw materials we use are readily commercially available. In some cases, we rely on sole-source processors of materials
that utilize an array of worldwide sources for the raw materials that they process to our specifications. However, we require
very high purity zinc for our personal care applications that have occasionally seen shortages in prior years. Although we currently
believe we have developed adequate commercial relationships to supply the necessary raw materials for our business which are not
readily commercially available, our business is subject to the pricing and availability of certain raw materials. 

Some
of the raw materials that are critical to the production of our products and parts that are critical to the operation of our equipment
are sourced from single suppliers, suppliers from China and Korea, and in some cases, a single supplier from China. In 2022 we
continue to monitor delays in shipping exports from China and Korea. Despite the Russian invasion of Ukraine, we do not anticipate
any directly related supply disruptions as we do not knowingly source any materials directly from either country. Additionally,
we could be disrupted by conditions unrelated to our business operations or that are beyond our control, including but not limited
to international trade restrictions and conditions related to COVID-19 or other epidemics. We typically maintain no less than
one month s supply of raw materials and parts that are sourced from sole suppliers and make efforts to identify additional
suppliers who may be able to provide such raw materials or parts. 

3 

Markets
and Distribution 

Sol sence
Beauty Science Business 

We
partner with brands on a global basis to develop, manufacture and market products that enhance lives through healthy skin. These
products are fully-formulated solutions built around proprietary Sol sence technologies, which are designed to improve
skin health for all human beings, and are aligned with consumer demand for clean and inclusive beauty products that
enhance skin health. Sol sence clients, or brand partners, are positioned in skin care, makeup/cosmetics, and sun care
markets, with the majority of our partners operating in the prestige beauty segment with retail, direct-to-consumer, and/or omnichannel
strategies. This represents a move downstream from our previous position one of providing ingredients to manufacturers
 to offering finished products that we believe offer a clear and distinct market advantage relative to both aesthetics
and performance. With our first Sol sence beauty science product revenue recognized during 2017, we had our first material
amounts of Sol sence product revenue in 2018, and saw significant expansion in these sales through 2022. Sol sence
brand partners have experienced strong growth as our products have seen broad acceptance from retailers, adoption by consumers,
and recognition by third-party media outlets through awards and accolades. We expect our Sol sence beauty science business
to enhance both our degree of control of the business development cycle, and to further enable our ability to grow rapidly. 

Personal
Care Ingredients Business 

In
addition to serving strategic partners in diverse markets and geographic locations, we will continue to devote significant resources
to maintaining and growing our relationship with BASF Corporation BASF ), the largest customer in our personal care
ingredients line of business. This has been a successful relationship that we expect will contribute to our future growth. BASF,
which describes itself as the world s leading chemical company with annual revenue of approximately 79 billion, is a globally
leading supplier of sustainable high-performance ingredients for the personal care industry, with recognized brands, significant
revenue, and a broad sales network. BASF is primarily responsible for the business development cycle and maintains the direct
customer relationships. We have a long-term exclusive relationship with BASF, primarily to provide nano-scale specific zinc oxide-based
products made to specific specifications to be used in personal care cosmetics, with sunscreens and daily wear products being
the dominant applications. 

On
August 9, 2022 BASF filed a complaint in the Superior Court of New Jersey. The New Jersey Complaint claims that Nanophase breached
the parties 1999 Zinc Oxide Supply Agreement. For additional information about the complaint see Item 3. Legal proceedings. 

Advanced
Materials Business 

Our
technologies for engineering and manufacturing life science materials and other nanomaterials, and our understanding of how to
make nano-scale and other advanced materials exhibit desirable performance characteristics in various media, have resulted in
commercial materials solutions that we believe offer superior performance in many applications. Medical diagnostics, which we
view as being a life science application, was the largest market for our advanced materials business from 2020 through 2022, and
we expect this to be true for the foreseeable future. This is a key area of focus in advanced materials in terms of new business
development. Our legacy markets for advanced materials include architectural coatings, surface treatment (polishing), plastics
additives, textiles applications, and others. As advanced materials markets continue to develop and grow, we believe that customers 
preferred delivery formats will often be dispersed and/or coated nanomaterials for life science applications. We believe we are
well-positioned with our platform of integrated commercial nanomaterial technologies to respond to this demand, although outside
of life science areas, we are currently not actively developing new business in this area. 

Research
and Development 

Most
of our research and development over the past few years has been directly related to Sol sence beauty science product and
personal care ingredient applications development. We endeavor to either meet specific customer needs or to develop applications
solutions to address unmet needs in a particular market where we believe our materials will offer a distinct performance advantage.
Our efforts in research and development, cosmetic formulating, process engineering and advanced engineering groups are focused
in three major areas: 1) application development for our products; 2) creating or obtaining additional core materials technologies
and/or materials that have the capability to serve multiple beauty or life science markets; and 3) continuing to improve our core
technologies to improve manufacturing operations and reduce costs. 

Our
total research and development expense, which includes all expenses relating to our technology and advanced engineering groups,
during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, was 3.0 million and 2.2 million, respectively. This represents our share
of these expenses only and does not take into account amounts spent by any of our customers in support of new product development.
Our future success will depend in large part upon our ability to develop products which bring a high degree of value to our customers 
products. Through the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, we had cumulative research and development expenses of approximately
 6.8 million and related cumulative expenditures on equipment and leasehold improvements of approximately 0.2 million. 

4 

Competitive
Advantage 

In
our Sol sence beauty science business, our Active Stress Defense platform of proprietary technologies which
includes Kleair offers unique skin health benefits through performance-related and aesthetic advantages in environmental
protection skin health products, including in UVA/UVB, pollution and HEV (blue) light protection. These technologies expand access
to healthy skin by improving both the product experience across the full range of skin tones while also leveraging a unique versatility
that enables a variety of novel formats to reach the full range of product preferences and lifestyles. By combining our market
awareness, proprietary dispersion capabilities and formulation know-how, our Sol sence products enable our brand partners
to expand the range of products within skin care and color cosmetics categories that can include sun and environmental protection,
and their products consequently fill a unique market segment which drives the growing demand for our Sol sence products. 

In
our personal care ingredients business, we believe that targeted collaborations with our long-standing customers in the ingredients
space will enable them to have a competitive advantage which will sustain and/or grow their market share in the sunscreen API
market. Both the Solesence beauty science business and the personal care ingredients business have been positively
impacted by the growing interest among consumers for mineral-based sunscreens, which management sees as a validation of the Company
strategy. 

In
our advanced materials business, we have created an integrated platform of commercial nanomaterial technologies that are patented,
patent-pending or proprietary, and result in products that see end use in a variety of applications, including use in enhancing
the performance of PCR testing for various viruses, including COVID-19. These technologies revolve around our two distinct manufacturing
process (PVS Plasma Vapor Synthesis and NAS NanoArc Synthesis) and are designed to deliver nano-
and advanced-materials solutions for a targeted market or a specific customer application. Our platform provides flexibility and
capability to engineer nanomaterials that meet a customer s performance requirements and delivers our nanomaterial solutions
in a readily usable format. Our technologies are scalable and robust, having allowed us to produce up to several hundred metric
tons in this segment annually. 

Manufacturing
Operations 

We
currently have manufacturing capacity based in three locations in the Chicago area. At two of these facilities, we are able to
develop and supply engineered materials and bulk finished goods in quantities ranging from grams to metric tons. Our two existing
facilities are registered under the ISO 9001, American National Standard, Quality Management System Requirements, and ISO 14001,
American National Standard, Environmental Management System Requirements. We are compliant with cGMP for products under
U.S. Food and Drug Administration FDA regulation, applying to the manufacture of APIs and OTC Finished Dosage
Form materials (primarily used in sun protection). Our third facility, our newest and also in the Chicago area, is compliant with
cGMP for products under FDA regulation, applying to the manufacture of APIs and OTC Finished Dosage Form materials (primarily
used in sun protection) and we expect to have similar capabilities and registrations as those in our two other manufacturing facilities
by the end of 2023. We have registered some of the chemicals we ship to customers in Europe pursuant to the European Chemical
Agency s regulations issued to date pertaining to Registration Evaluation and Authorization of Chemicals REACH ).
Currently, we have registered Zinc Oxide, Aluminum Oxide, Iron Oxide and Octyltrimethoxysilane under REACH. 

Our
operations employ a cellular, team-based manufacturing approach, where workers operate in work cells, under a lean
manufacturing environment to continuously advance and improve production capabilities. We have also developed a highly flexible
workforce that has been cross trained to allow it to be employed broadly across our manufacturing processes. Beginning in late
2019, we also began to employ a significant number of temporary operators to assist us in supporting the production of our Sol sence
products. Our manufacturing approach, targeted engineering actions, and capital investment have resulted in continuing process
innovations and improvements that have reduced the variable manufacturing cost significantly over the past several years, while
increasing our capacity to meet demand. 

We
are committed to a Lean Six Sigma manufacturing approach, to the extent possible given a certain measure of irregular demand,
where we are able to reduce excess labor and manage the lowest practical inventory and supply levels in order to minimize working
capital demands. This approach complements two of our major operational goals - (1) to increase output without adding unnecessarily
to existing equipment and (2) to continually reduce production costs while consistently producing high quality products. 

Intellectual
Property and Proprietary Rights 

We
rely on a combination of patent, trademark, copyright, trade secret and other intellectual property laws, nondisclosure agreements
and other protective measures to protect our intellectual property. In addition to obtaining patent and trademarks based on our
inventions and products, we may also license certain third-party patents from time-to-time to expand our technology base. 

5 

As
of the date of this filing, we own 10 U.S. patents and 8 pending U.S. patent applications. We also own 56 foreign patents and
patent applications consisting of 35 issued or allowed foreign patents and 21 pending foreign patent applications. All of the
pending and owned foreign patents are counterparts to domestic filings covering our platform of nanotechnologies and surface treatments. 

Competition 

Within
each of our targeted markets and product applications, we face potential competition from contract manufacturers and developers,
advanced materials and chemical companies, and suppliers of traditional materials. In many markets, the actual or potential competitors
are larger and more diversified than we are; however, we believe we focus on market segments and opportunities where our materials
and related technologies are superior to those of our competitors, often due to our abilities to produce highly engineered ingredients
to meet specific performance requirements, develop advanced material solutions for customers specific applications, and
in the case of Sol sence, finished products that impart the benefits of minerals-based products with superior
tactile, visual, and performance characteristics. 

With
respect to traditional suppliers, we may compete against lower priced traditional materials for certain customer applications.
In some product or process applications the benefits of using advanced materials do not always justify a process change or outweigh
their frequently higher costs. 

We
believe that our material technologies and manufacturing platforms are strong. We believe we are well-positioned with our platform
of integrated commercial materials technologies and track record of technology improvement and evolution. 

In
addition to competition in the advanced materials and related markets, our Sol sence beauty science subsidiary faces competition
from a wide variety of offerings in the field of skin care. Our Sol sence products compete with existing solutions as well
as new solutions from various sources, including other product developers and manufacturers who seek to serve skin care brands
and integrated brands who also manufacture their own products in-house, and we must differentiate our value proposition in order
to gain traction in this marketplace. The complexities of sunscreen regulation and the nuances of the development and manufacture
of sunscreen products present a barrier for brands with integrated manufacturing in other skin care and cosmetics areas. Still,
several Sol sence customers have internal development and manufacturing capabilities that are similar to the capabilities
of Sol sence, and can serve as indirect competition to our products and services. We believe that our Sol sence
beauty science technology and our expertise in the nuances of formulating products that contain UV protection, coupled with our
expanding capability to produce novel formats, will allow us to become a competitive player in this market on a sustainable basis. 

Governmental
Regulations, Including Climate Change 

The
manufacture and use of certain of the products that contain Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients are subject to governmental regulations.
As a result, we are required to adhere to the cGMP requirements of the FDA and similar regulations that include testing, control
and documentation requirements enforced by periodic inspections. We also comply with the European Chemical Agency s regulations
issued to date pertaining to the chemicals we have registered under REACH. In early 2022, we were granted site clearance by Australia s
TGA for the full finished product manufacture of creams, lotions, sprays, sticks and all topical sunscreen forms. TGA site clearance
is legally required for brands to market Sol sence-made products as primary sunscreens in Australia. Our initial focus
will be on establishing a footprint with both new and existing Sol sence brand partners, to enable the sale of our patented
skin health products as primary sunscreens. 

We
are committed to environmental health and safety EH S ). We believe we comply with all applicable exposure limit
standards issued by the United States Department of Labor s Occupational Health and Safety Administration OSHA ).
Because nanotechnology remains an emerging and evolving science, there are no currently accepted standards, measurements or personal
protective equipment available that are specific to nanoparticle safety. Accordingly, we rely on general chemical safety and process
safety practices to identify safe personal protective equipment and appropriate handling protocols. We believe that we have taken
a leadership position on EH S in our operations and have internal and external review and monitoring of our practices. 

In
addition, our facilities and operations are subject to the plant and laboratory safety requirements of various environmental and
occupational safety and health laws. We believe we are in compliance with all such laws and regulations, and to date, those regulations
have not materially restricted or impeded operations. Further, we believe our processes to be highly efficient, generating very
low levels of waste and emissions. For this reason, we do not view issues surrounding climate change and any currently foreseeable
related regulations as materially impacting our business and financial statements, beyond any inestimable impact on the macro-economic
environment. 

We
have taken a responsible, proactive approach to EH S by implementing appropriate procedures and processes to have our facilities
registered under ISO 14001, American National Standard, Environmental Management System Requirements. We are also involved with
leading industry groups that are defining nanomaterial standards and protocols. These currently include the ASTM International
Committee on Nanotechnology, and the US TAG to ISO TC 229 Nanotechnology committee managed by the American National Standards
Institute committee (ANSI). We also participate in FDA reviews relative to cosmetic and applicable drug applications. We have
a full-time, advanced degreed professional, along with a supporting staff, who spend a significant amount of time managing governmental
regulation compliance and EH S. We believe that our Company has an exemplary safety record. 

6 

Employees 

On
December 31, 2022, we had a total of 82 full-time employees, 11 of whom hold advanced degrees. Additionally, we have a number
of temporary, and temporary-to-permanent employees, typically 85 to 100 on a demand-driven basis, and a number of contractors
with specific industry experience that have become a part of our talent pool. We have no collective bargaining agreements and
believe that we have a strong relationship with our employees, whom management believes represent the strength of our Company. 

Backlog 

We
do not believe that a backlog as of any particular date is indicative of future results. Our sales are primarily pursuant to purchase
orders for delivery of our Sol sence formulated products, personal care ingredients, and advanced materials. We have some
agreements that give customers the right to purchase a specific quantity of ingredients during a specified time period. These
agreements, however, do not obligate the customers to purchase any minimum quantity of such ingredients. The quantities actually
purchased by the customer, as well as the shipment schedules, are frequently revised during the agreement term to reflect changes
in the customer s needs. For these reasons we do not believe that such agreements are meaningful for determining backlog
amounts. 

Business
Segment and Geographical Information 

Our
operations comprise a single business segment and all of our long-lived assets are located within the United States. See Note
13 to the accompanying Financial Statements for additional information. 

Key
Customers 

A
limited number of key customers account for a substantial portion of our commercial revenue, and aside from our largest customer,
and our medical diagnostics customer, we are seeing the composition of these key customers change with the growth we are experiencing
within our Sol sence beauty science subsidiary, which has grown to exceed Personal Care Ingredients and Advanced Materials
combined. For 2022, total Sol sence revenue amounted to 23.1M or 62 of total revenue compared to 18.2M, or 62 
for 2021. In particular, revenue from four customers across all business areas, our largest customer in personal care applications
(BASF), three of our Sol sence customers, constituted approximately 30 , 17 , 15 , and 7 , respectively, of our 2022 total
revenue. 

As
our Sol sence products continue to represent more of our total revenues, we expect to see a number of smaller (sub-10 
of revenue) customers represent a more significant portion of our total revenue. We have experienced this in 2022 and 2021 and
expect it to continue in 2023 and beyond. Many of our customers are significantly larger than we are and, therefore, may be able
to exert a high degree of influence over us. While our agreements with BASF are long-term agreements, they may be terminated by
BASF under certain circumstances with reasonable notice and do not provide any guarantees that BASF will buy our products. The
loss of one of our largest customers or the failure to attract new customers could have a material adverse effect on our business,
results of operations and financial condition. To reduce the impact of having a high concentration of sales to a limited number
of customers, we have aggressively pursued new customers through our market focused business model, and particularly through our
Sol sence beauty science subsidiary. To the extent we are successful in both adding a large number of customers through
this model, and maintaining or expanding our existing partners, we believe we will be able to best manage the risks associated
with customer concentration. 

Forward-Looking
Statements 

We
want to provide investors with more meaningful and useful information. As a result, this Annual Report on Form 10-K (the Form
10-K contains certain forward-looking statements , as defined in Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange
Act ). These statements reflect our current expectations of the future results of our operations, performance and achievements.
Forward-looking statements are covered under the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.
We have tried, wherever possible, to identify these statements by using words such as anticipates , believes ,
 estimates , expects , plans , intends and similar expressions. These statements
reflect management s current beliefs and are based on information now available to it. Accordingly, these statements are
subject to certain risks, uncertainties and contingencies that could cause our actual results, performance or achievements in
2023 and beyond to differ materially from those expressed in, or implied by, such statements. These risks, uncertainties and factors
include, without limitation: our ability to be consistently profitable despite the losses we have incurred since our incorporation;
a decision by a customer to cancel a purchase order or supply agreement in light of our dependence on a limited number of key
customers; the terms of our supply agreements with BASF which could trigger a requirement to transfer technology and/or sell equipment
to that customer; our potential inability to obtain working capital when needed on acceptable terms or at all; our ability to
obtain materials at costs we can pass through to our customers, including high purity zinc, and other items impacted by supply
chain pressures; uncertain demand for, and acceptance of, our Sol sence products, and our advanced materials; our manufacturing
capacity and product mix flexibility in light of customer demand; our limited marketing experience, including with our suite of
Sol sence products; changes in development and distribution relationships; the impact of competitive products and technologies;
our dependence on patents and protection of proprietary information; our ability to maintain an appropriate electronic trading
venue for our securities; the impact of any potential new governmental regulations, especially any new governmental regulations
focusing on the processing, handling, storage or sale of nanomaterials, that could be difficult to respond to or costly to comply
with; business interruptions due to unexpected events or public health crises, including
viral pandemics such as COVID-19; and the resolution of litigation or other legal proceedings in which we may become involved.
In addition, our forward-looking statements could be affected by general industry and market conditions and growth rates. Readers
of this Form 10-K should not place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements. Except as required by federal securities
laws, we undertake no obligation to update or revise these forward-looking statements to reflect new events or uncertainties. 

7 

Investor
Information 

We
are subject to the informational requirements of the Exchange Act and, accordingly, file periodic reports, proxy statements and
other information with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). Such reports, proxy statements and other
information may be obtained by visiting the Public Reference Room of the SEC at 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, DC 20549 or by
calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. In addition, the SEC maintains an Internet site (http://www.sec.gov) that contains reports,
proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically. 

Financial
and other information may also be accessed at our website. The address is www.nanophase.com. We make available, free of charge,
copies of our annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those
reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act as soon as reasonably practicable after filing
such material electronically with, or otherwise furnishing it to, the SEC, and intend to make all such reports and amendments
to reports available free of charge on our website. We have included our website address throughout this Form 10-K as textual
references only. The information contained on, or accessible through, our website is not incorporated into this Form 10-K. 

Item
1A. Risk Factors 

Not
required for a smaller reporting company. 

Item
1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

Not
required for a smaller reporting company. 

Item
2. Properties 

We
operate three facilities in the Chicago suburbs - a 36,000 square-foot production, research and headquarters facility in Romeoville,
Illinois, a 20,000 square-foot production facility in Burr Ridge, Illinois and a 260,000 square-foot production and warehouse
facility in Bolingbrook, Illinois. 

Our
manufacturing operations in Burr Ridge are registered under ISO 9001, and we believe that our manufacturing operations are within
the cGMP requirements of the FDA for products that require such compliance. This facility is also registered under ISO 14001 which
is the international standard for environmental management. The Burr Ridge site is registered with the FDA for API manufacturing. 

The
Romeoville facility houses our headquarters, advanced engineering, manufacturing (including particle coating, particle dispersion
and pilot-scale manufacturing), and research and development with three applications development and formulating laboratories.
The Romeoville facility has a quality control laboratory designed for the dual purposes of validating operations to cGMP and ISO
standards and production process control. This laboratory is equipped to handle many routine analytical and in-process techniques
that are currently required. All Romeoville manufacturing processes are registered under ISO 9001, ISO 22716 and ISO 14001, and
we believe that the particle coating processes used for our ingredients and fully formulated sunscreens and cosmetic products
for personal care are in compliance with the cGMP requirements of the FDA. The Romeoville site is registered with the FDA for
API manufacturing, manufacturing, and packaging. 

The
Bolingbrook facility houses our warehousing operations and is being built out to accommodate filling and assembly of our Sol sence 
 products and additional quality control spaces. The Bolingbrook facility is registered with the FDA for OTC drug manufacturing
and packaging. 

We
lease our Romeoville, Burr Ridge and Bolingbrook facilities. During October 2016 we entered into an amendment to our Industrial
Lease Agreement for the facility in Romeoville, Illinois, which, among other things, extended the term of such lease through December
31, 2024. On March 14, 2017, we entered into a new Building Lease for the Burr Ridge facility that began in September 2017, and
after exercising the final lease extension, it now ends in September 2024. During December 2021, we entered into a Standard
Form Industrial Lease for a new facility in Bolingbrook, Illinois, which, among other things, will end in May of 2032, with options
to extend this lease at market rent for each of three concurrent five-year periods. 

8 

With
the addition of our new Bolingbrook space, we believe that our leased facilities will provide sufficient capacity to fulfill current
known customer demand as well as allow for the creation of substantial additional space to enable expansion of key production
processes. We believe we will be able to expand certain operations, and consolidate others, to support additional growth in an
economically efficient manner. We believe that our capital expenditures made in 2022, and projected for 2023, will support currently
anticipated demand from existing and expected customers through 2023 and into 2024. Management continues to spend considerable
time determining how best to optimize our facilities to maximize growth over the next few years. Our actual future capacity requirements
will depend on many factors, including new and potential customer acceptance of our current and potential engineered materials,
applications and products, both expected and currently unplanned growth from existing customers, continued progress in our research
and development activities and product testing programs and the magnitude of these activities and programs. 

Item
3. Legal Proceedings 

On
August 31, 2022, counsel for Nanophase Technologies Corporation Nanophase received a letter from lawyers representing
BASF Corporation BASF stating that BASF had filed a complaint against Nanophase in the Superior Court of New Jersey SCNJ on August 9, 2022 (the New Jersey Complaint and that Nanophase s registered agent for
service of process had been served with the New Jersey Complaint on August 11, 2022. The August 31, 2022 letter from BASF s
lawyers was Nanophase s first notice of the New Jersey Complaint. 

The
New Jersey Complaint claims that Nanophase breached the Zinc Oxide Supply Agreement dated as of September 16, 1999 between Nanophase
and BASF, as assignee, as amended through January 1, 2019 (the Agreement ). The New Jersey Complaint specifically
alleges that Nanophase breached the exclusivity provision of the Agreement by selling zinc oxide to entities other than BASF,
including sales to Nanophase s subsidiary Sol sence, LLC Sol sence ), in markets designated
as being in the field of use (the Field under the Agreement. The New Jersey Complaint also relatedly alleges that
Nanophase breached the capacity and inventory provisions of the Agreement. In addition, the New Jersey Complaint alleges claims
for unjust enrichment and violation of the duty of good faith and fair dealing. The New Jersey Complaint seeks an unspecified
amount of damages, a permanent injunction, counsel fees, and litigation expenses. The New Jersey Complaint is not seeking termination
of the Agreement. 

Management
believes that the allegations of BASF s New Jersey Complaint are without merit and are unsupported by the terms of the Agreement
and governing law. On September 8, 2022, Nanophase filed a Motion to Dismiss MTD the New Jersey Complaint with
the SCNJ, arguing that BASF s claims in its New Jersey Complaint are not supported by the terms of the Agreement. Following
completion of briefing and a hearing on the MTD, the SCNJ denied Nanophase s MTD on February 10, 2023, finding that under
the liberality standards of New Jersey procedure, the allegations of BASF s complaint were sufficient
to survive the MTD. The SCNJ specifically noted that it did not consider whether BASF could prove its claims. Thereafter,
on February 28, 2023, Nanophase answered BASF s New Jersey Complaint, denying all wrongdoing and, as mandated by New Jersey
procedural requirements, certain counterclaims including a request for a declaration that contrary to BASF s views, the
exclusivity provision of the Agreement does not apply to all products containing zinc oxide as an ingredient for uses designated
under the Agreement nor does the exclusivity provision prohibit Nanophase s sales of Sol sence products containing
zinc oxide as an ingredient. On September 7, 2022, Nanophase filed a Complaint for Declaratory Judgment against BASF in the Circuit
Court of Cook County, Illinois (the Illinois Complaint ). The Illinois Complaint asked the court for a declaration
similar to that subsequently sought in Nansphase s counterclaim in the New Jersey litigation. On November 3, 2022, BASF
moved to dismiss Nanophase s Illinois Complaint, arguing that it duplicates the New Jersey litigation. Following briefing
and a hearing, the Illinois court granted BASF s motion on procedural grounds on March 16, 2023. Discovery in the New Jersey
litigation is ongoing. 

Given
our view, we have decided that it is not appropriate to record a contingent liability relating to these actions at this time. 

Nanophase
intends to continue negotiating with BASF in good faith to resolve these issues. In the event that an acceptable solution is not
reached, and litigation proceeds, the ultimate resolution cannot now be determined with certainty. 

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not
applicable. 

9 

PART
II 

Item
5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

Market
Information; Holders; Dividends 

Our
common stock is traded under the symbol NANX on the OTCQB marketplace, operated by OTC Markets Group. The following
table sets forth, for the periods indicated, the range of high and low sale prices for our common stock on the OTCQB marketplace: 

High 

Low 

Fiscal
 year ended December 31, 2022: 

First
 Quarter 

4.42 

2.04 

Second
 Quarter 

3.45 

2.51 

Third
 Quarter 

3.25 

2.32 

Fourth
 Quarter 

2.50 

1.12 

Fiscal year ended
 December 31, 2021: 

First
 Quarter 

1.26 

0.74 

Second
 Quarter 

1.76 

1.15 

Third
 Quarter 

2.77 

1.52 

Fourth
 Quarter 

4.45 

2.46 

On
March 22, 2023, the last reported sale price of our common stock was 1.30 per share, and there were 121 holders of record of
our common stock. 

We
have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our common stock and do not currently anticipate paying any cash dividends or
other distributions on our common stock in the foreseeable future. We intend instead to retain any future earnings for reinvestment
in our business. Any future determination to pay cash dividends will be at the discretion of our Board of Directors and will be
dependent upon our financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements and such other factors deemed relevant by
our Board of Directors. Our Business Loan Agreements with Beachcorp, LLC Beachcorp ), Strandler, LLC Strandler ),
and Libertyville Bank and Trust Company Libertyville ), dated as of November 19, 2018, January 28, 2022, and December
21, 2021 respectively, require us to obtain the written consent of the lender prior to paying any cash dividends on our common
stock. 

Item
6. [Reserved] 

Item
7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

The
following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with risks discussed in the financial statements and related notes
thereto appearing elsewhere in this Form 10-K. When used in the following discussions, the words anticipates, believes, 
 estimates, expects, plans, intends and similar expressions are intended
to identify forward-looking statements. Such statements are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and contingencies that could
cause actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially from those expressed in, or implied by, such statements.
See the Forward Looking Statements section in Part 1, Item 1, of this Form 10-K. 

Overview 

Nanophase
is a health-oriented, science-driven company, which, along with its wholly owned subsidiary, Sol sence, LLC (our Sol sence
beauty science subsidiary ), is focused in various beauty- and life-science markets. Our primary skin health products are
fully developed prestige skin care formulations with mineral-based UV protection, marketed and sold through our Sol sence
beauty science subsidiary, enabled by our proprietary Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients APIs ), which are also marketed
as APIs for sale to manufacturers of other types of skin health products, including sunscreens and daily care products. 
In terms of the balance of our life sciences focus, we have seen continued demand for our medical diagnostics ingredients, which
are used in testing for various viruses, most notably COVID-19. Additionally, we continue to sell products in legacy markets
including architectural coatings, industrial coating applications, abrasion-resistant additives, plastics additives, and surface
finishing technologies (polishing) applications all of which, along with medical diagnostics, currently fall into the advanced
materials product category. 

10 

Critical
Accounting Estimates 

We
review long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the asset s carrying amount
may not be recoverable. We conduct long-lived asset impairment analyses in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 360-10-15, Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived
Assets . ASC 360-10-15 requires us to group assets and liabilities at the lowest level for which identifiable cash flows are
largely independent of the cash flows of other assets and liabilities and evaluate the asset group against the sum of the undiscounted
future cash flows. If the undiscounted cash flows do not indicate the carrying amount of the asset is recoverable, an impairment
charge is measured as the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset group exceeds its fair value based on discounted cash
flow analysis or appraisals. 

Other
critical estimates include the allowance for doubtful accounts applied against our receivables balance as well as an inventory
reserve. In the determination of a reserve to apply toward receivables, management considered provisions in FASB ASC 450-20-25
regarding the recognition of loss contingencies and applied a reserve balance against gross receivables to arrive at the net reported
balance. Under the guidance referenced above, management judgmentally applied an estimate of the portion of gross receivables
for which loss is both probable and can be reasonably estimated and accrued a loss contingency by a charge to income. A bad debt
reserve of 139,000 and 60,000 was applied to gross receivables for 2022 and 2021, respectively. Particularly with respect to
customers of our Sol sence beauty science subsidiary, it can be difficult to estimate collectability. We frequently require
significant deposits from customers before ordering materials and scheduling production. This serves as a good indicator of the
customer s wherewithal to pay for the balance of the product when shipped. In cases where it is difficult to establish creditworthiness,
we require payment of the full amount before we ship. Notwithstanding these credit security measures, we frequently find that
pay cycles get extended for reasons that can be outside of our control. The nature of the business is that there are many product
launches, often by smaller or start-up companies, that may not result in initial commercial success. This has resulted in extensions
of payment terms, but collectability has ultimately occurred in most cases. As our Sol sence beauty science subsidiary
grows, we will monitor this closely and adjust estimates as necessary. 

Management
also monitors the value of inventory for the effects of aging, obsolescence, and seasonality. Consistent with the provisions in
FASB ASC 330-10-35, we adjust inventory valuation upon management s determination that the net realizable value of our inventory,
which applies the average cost method, is lower than its historic cost. In the application of this policy in 2022, management
deemed a portion of inventory will likely experience such an impairment and elected to apply a 500,000 inventory reserve in anticipation.
Some of the materials in question are nearing expiration and therefore more difficult to sell, some represent soon-to-be obsolete
products, and some are raw materials that we no longer use regularly. 

Certain
assumptions are necessary to assess the impact of risks and uncertainties on the financial information, such as cash flow projections,
availability of capital if needed to support the ongoing operations of the business, and our expected compliance with contractual
commitments. Any changes in those plans or assumptions could have a material impact on our liquidity and financial condition.
While we have seen costs continue to increase on an inflationary basis as we enter 2023, it is our belief that we will be able
to offset much of this cost as we gain greater production efficiencies and seek to increase our pricing where possible. 

Results
of Operations 

Years
Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Total
revenue increased to 37,317,000 in 2022, compared to 29,475,000 in 2021. A substantial majority of our revenue for each year
is from our largest customers, in particular, sales to our largest customer in skin care and sunscreen applications, finished
skin health products marketed through our Sol sence beauty science subsidiary. Product revenue, the primary component of
our total revenue, increased to 36,731,000 in 2022, compared to 29,325,000 in 2021. This increase was due to rapid growth in
the adoption of our Sol sence products, and growth in sales to our largest customer in our personal care ingredients
business, offset by a decrease in revenue from our medical diagnostics materials customer (within our advanced materials business). 

Current
Significant Customers 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Largest Personal Care Customer 
 30 
 26 
 
 Sol sence Customer - 1 
 17 
 19 
 
 Sol sence Customer - 2 
 15 
 15 
 
 Sol sence Customer - 3 
 7 
 10 
 
 Significant Customer Total 
 69 
 70 

11 

Cost
of revenue generally includes costs associated with commercial production and customer development arrangements. Cost of revenue
increased to 28,957,000 in 2022, compared to 20,785,000 in 2021. The increase in cost of revenue was primarily driven by the
rapid increases in product revenue volume, with attendant inefficiencies caused by hitting capacity limits in various critical
processes. Lower-then-expected volume in the fourth quarter of 2022, write-downs of obsolete inventory, reduction in contract
revenue (which generally has little direct cost associated with it), and changes in product mix, added to relative increases in
cost of revenue. All of these factors contributed to a reduction of overall gross margin percentage by 7 when compared to 2021.
We expect to continue new materials development and dispersion technologies for personal care applications and for our formulated
Sol sence products during 2022 and beyond, as part of our business model. At current revenue levels we have generated a
positive gross margin, though margins can be impeded by the cyclicality of our demand, often leading to the Company not having
enough revenue to efficiently absorb manufacturing overhead that is required to work with current customers and expected future
customers. We believe that our current fixed manufacturing cost structure is sufficient to support higher levels of revenue
volume. The extent to which margins grow, as a percentage of total revenue, will be dependent upon revenue mix, revenue volume,
our ability to cut costs and pass commodity market-driven raw materials increases on to customers, and the speed and efficiency
with which we are able to scale up production for our Sol sence products. We expect that, as product revenue volume increases,
our fixed manufacturing costs will be more efficiently absorbed, which should lead to increased margins as we grow. We expect
to continue to focus on reducing controllable variable product manufacturing costs, with potential variability related to the
commodity metals markets and cost and wage inflation, but may or may not realize gross margin percentage growth through 2023 and
beyond, dependent upon the factors discussed above. 

Research
and development expense, which includes all expenses relating to the technology and advanced engineering groups, primarily consists
of costs associated with the development or acquisition of new finished product formulations for skin care, new product applications
for our skin care ingredients, advancement of our medical diagnostics ingredient knowledge, and the cost of enhancing our manufacturing
processes. This includes legal fees related to intellectual property development, protection, and maintenance. As an example,
we are currently focusing the bulk of our resources on developing new product formulations, and related new technologies, as we
expand marketing and sales efforts relating to our Sol sence products. This work has led to several new products and additional
potential new products. Our efforts in research and development, cosmetic formulating, process engineering and advanced engineering
groups are focused in three major areas: 1) application development for our products; 2) creating or obtaining additional core
materials technologies and/or materials that have the capability to serve multiple skin health-related markets; and 3) continuing
to improve our core technologies to improve manufacturing operations and reduce costs. 

Research
and development expense increased to 3,037,000 in 2022, compared to 2,235,000 in 2021. The primary reasons for this were increases
in compensation expense and headcount, outside testing, and materials charges associated with the development and launch of our
Sol sence line of personal care products and related capabilities. We expect expenses for research and development to continue
to increase depending on growth in our Sol sence line of products, and related technologies. This expense growth will be
dependent upon the success we have in developing new products, which adds significantly to outside testing fees to both enhance
product development and comply with regulatory requirements. 

Selling,
general and administrative expense increased to 7,581,000 in 2022, compared to 3,896,000 in 2021. The net increase was largely
attributed to an increase in compensation expense and headcount, including consultants and increases due to the cyber fraud, legal
expenses, marketing and trade shows and insurance. We expect 2023 expenses in this area to be slightly higher, if growth continues
as planned. We will be expanding our selling and marketing efforts, and parts of our administrative functions, including
related staffing additions. The extent to which this increase occurs will be dependent upon growth. 

Interest
expense decreased to 382,000 in 2022, compared to 1,154,000 in 2021, due largely to the remaining discount-related interest
expense, amounting to 814,000, taken on an accelerated basis in May 2021 at the early conversion of our 2,000,000 Convertible
Note, partially offset by higher interest rates in 2022. The balance of interest expense for 2021 and 2022 related to interest
paid relating to our revolving lines of credit for working capital funding, and finance leases and term loans supporting some
of our equipment. 

In
Company-wide operations, we believe inflation has not had a material effect on our operations or financial position for 2022,
although we have seen increases in our costs. We expect supplier price increases and wage and benefit inflation, both
of which represent a significant component of our costs of operations, may have a material effect on our operations and financial
position in 2023 and beyond. We will apply our best efforts to pass through cost increases to our customers. If we are unable
to pass through any increases due to contractual limitations or conditions in our markets specifically, this could reduce margins
and net income. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

Cash,
cash proceeds and use of cash for 2022 and 2021 were: 

For the year ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Total cash 
 2,186,000 
 657,000 
 
 Cash (used in) provided by operating activities 
 (1,650,000 
 2,321,000 
 
 Net cash (used in) investing activities 
 (2,823,000 
 (1,874,000 
 
 Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 
 6,002,000 
 (747,000 

12 

The
 3,971,000 year-over-year decrease in cash provided by operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 was mainly due
to the Company incurring 2,623,000 in net loss in 2022 compared to 2,320,000 in net income in 2021. Cash capital expenditures
amounted to approximately 2,823,000 and 1,874,000 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. We did not dispose
of or sell any assets during 2022 or 2021. 

On
April 17, 2020, we received a loan of 952,000 from the Libertyville Bank and Trust Company Libertyville under
the Paycheck Protection Program (the PPP ). This loan was forgiven by the Small Business Administration SBA in February 2021. These funds specifically were used to absorb a portion of the Company s salary and benefit costs. 

The
Company maintains a credit agreement with Libertyville to support our obligations under our newly leased manufacturing and warehouse
space in Bolingbrook, Illinois. As of December 31, 2022 there was no outstanding borrowings on this line of credit. This credit
agreement has a maturity of December 22, 2023. 

On
November 16, 2018, we entered into a Business Loan Agreement (the Master Agreement with Beachcorp, LLC. The Master
Agreement relates to two loan facilities, each evidenced by a separate promissory note dated as of November 16, 2018: a term loan
to the Company of up to 500,000 to be disbursed in a single advance (the Term Loan with a fixed annual interest
rate of 8.25 , payable quarterly, and with principal due on December 31, 2020; and an asset-based revolving loan facility for
the Company of up to 2,000,000 (the A/R Revolver Facility ), with floating interest accruing at the prime rate plus
3 (8.25 minimum) per year, with a borrowing base consisting of qualified accounts receivable of the Company, and a maturity
of March 31, 2020, as amended. On March 23, 2020, the Company and Beachcorp, LLC executed the First Amendment to our Master
Agreement that extended the maturities of both the Term Loan and the A/R Revolver Facility to March 31, 2021. Effective September
8, 2020, the Company and Beachcorp, LLC executed the Second Amendment to our Master Agreement that expanded the limit on the A/R
Revolver Facility from 2,000,000 to 2,750,000. On December 23, 2020, the Company and Beachcorp, LLC executed the Third
Amendment to our Master Agreement that expanded the limit on the A/R Revolver Facility from 2,750,000 to 4,000,000 and extended
the maturities of both the Term Loan and the A/R Revolver Facility to March 31, 2022. Effective April 21, 2021 the Company and
Beachcorp, LLC executed the Fourth Amendment to our Master Agreement that expanded the limit on the A/R Revolver Facility from
 4,000,000 to 6,000,000, changed the interest rate to fully floating and reduced the rate to the prime rate plus 2 , also extending
the maturity of the A/R Revolver Facility to March 31, 2023. This amendment also increased the amount of the Term Loan from 500,000
to 1,000,000, changed the interest rate to fully floating and reduced the rate to the prime rate plus 2 . The maturity of the
Term Loan remained March 31, 2022. 

On
January 28, 2022, to support the working capital demands created by the commercial growth of the Company and its wholly owned
subsidiary, Sol sence, LLC, the Company entered into (i) an Amended and Restated Business Loan Agreement (the A R
Loan Agreement ), which amends and restates the Master Agreement, (ii) a Business Loan Agreement (the New Term Loan
Agreement with Strandler, LLC, (iii) a Business Loan Agreement (the New Revolving Loan Agreement and together
with the A R Loan Agreement and the New Term Loan Agreement, the Loan Agreements with Beachcorp, LLC, and (iv)
three promissory notes in order to evidence the loans pursuant to the Loan Agreements (the Notes ). Beachcorp, LLC
and Strandler, LLC are affiliates of Mr. Bradford T. Whitmore, who beneficially owns a majority of the Company s common
stock and is the brother of Ms. R. Janet Whitmore, a director of the Company and the chair of the Company s board of directors. 

The
Loan Agreements change the terms of both the Company s asset-based revolving loan facility (the A/R Revolver Facility and the secured advance (the Term Loan , which was assigned from Beachcorp, LLC to Strandler, LLC) under the Master
Agreement and provide a new asset-based revolving loan facility based on inventory (the Inventory Facility ). The
maximum borrowing amount under the A/R Revolver Facility increases from 6,000,000 to 8,000,000, with a borrowing base consisting
of qualified accounts receivable of the Company. The maximum borrowing amount under the Inventory Facility is 4,000,000, with
a borrowing base consisting of up to 50 of the value of qualified inventory of the Company. The Loan Agreements also extend the
date for which all principal and accrued interest under the A R Revolver Facility and the Term Loan are due from March 31,
2023 and March 31, 2022, respectively, to March 31, 2024, which is also the maturity date for the Inventory Facility. The Loan
Agreements reduce interest on outstanding borrowings under the A/R Revolver Facility and the Term Loan from the prime rate plus
2 and 5.25 per year, to a floating rate equal to the prime rate plus 0.75 , which is also the interest rate for borrowings under
the Inventory Facility. The amount of the Term Loan remains 1,000,000. The A/R Revolver Facility, the Inventory Facility and
the Term Loan are all secured by all the unencumbered assets of the Company and subordinated to the Company s revolving
line of credit with Libertyville Bank Trust. 

On
December 31, 2022, the balance on the Term Loan was 1,000,000, the balance on the A/R Revolver Facility was 4,282,000, and the
balance on the Inventory Facility was 3,000,000. On December 31, 2021, the balances on the Term Loan was 1,000,000, and the
balance on the A/R Revolver Facility was 1,351,000. 

In
November 2019, we entered in to a 2 Convertible Promissory Note in the original principal amount of 2,000,000. The maturity
date of this note was May 15, 2024, and was payable to our investor at that time in cash, or through conversion of the rights
to purchase up to 10,000,000 unregistered shares of the Company s common stock at 0.20 per share. Our investor chose
to exercise his conversion rights effective May 7, 2021. 

13 

For
more information regarding the New Business Loan Agreement, see Note 3 to our Financial Statements referred to in Part II, Item
8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Our
actual future capital requirements in 2023 and beyond will depend on many factors, including customer acceptance of our current
and potential finished Sol sence products, APIs sold as ingredients in to the skin health markets, medical
diagnostics ingredients, and other engineered materials, applications, and products, continued progress in research and development
activities and product testing programs, the magnitude of these activities and programs, and the costs necessary to increase and
expand our manufacturing capabilities and to market and sell these products and ingredients. Other important issues that will
drive future capital requirements will be the development of new markets and new customers as well as the potential for significant
unplanned growth with existing customers. Depending on the success of certain projects, we expect that capital spending relating
to currently known capital needs for 2023 will be between 3 million and 6 million, to be funded by profit from operations, our
existing loans and lines of credit, and possible new debt financing. If those projects are delayed or ultimately prove unsuccessful,
or if we fail to be able to support the additional cost of funding them in the near term, we expect our capital expenditures may
fall below the lower end of the range. Similarly, substantial success in business development projects may cause the actual 2023
capital investment to exceed the top of this range. 

The
Company currently has two areas within its strategic plan that will result in material cash requirements that could have an impact
on operations. We have several operating leases (see note 6 to the financial statements) for our facilities that require us to
increase our cash outlays for facilities expenses significantly beginning in 2022. The new 260,000 square foot facility we leased
in December 2021 exceeds our current needs for space considerably. We consequently have sublet a portion of the facility on shorter
term leases. We are growing rapidly and continue to expect significant growth going forward. We will also consolidate some of
our facilities to mitigate costs. Our view was that a lack of space would have hindered our ability to continue to grow, as well
as making it difficult to satisfy existing customer demands on a timely basis if we couldn t expand our production footprint.
We have estimated our future growth through a combination of industry experience, customer feedback, market intelligence, and
our successful history in commercializing new products. Sales of our Sol sence products have roughly tripled between 2019
and 2021 and increased by 27 in 2022 to have reached 23 million annually. We expect this growth to continue, albeit at less
than a multiple of each year s sales going forward. Many of these estimates are qualitative in nature, but are informed
by experience. If we were to not grow more than incrementally in 2023, we would need to re-evaluate our expansion strategy in
light of the increases in our facilities costs that extend for as much as ten years into the future. Similarly, our capital spending
plan for 2023 will amount to between 3 million and 6 million. We expect our capital spending to increase further in 2024 and
2025. At December 31, 2022, our commitments to equipment suppliers relate mainly to the 1 million of construction in progress,
much of which reflects deposits on to-be-delivered equipment. We estimate the unpaid committed capital relating to capital spending
to be less than 1 million as of December 31, 2022. 

We
have federal net operating loss carryforwards for tax purposes of approximately 56 million on December 31, 2022. We have
section 179 carryforwards of approximately 0.5M at December 31,2022. Because the Company may experience ownership
changes within the meaning of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code IRC in connection with any future equity
offerings, future utilization of this carryforward may be subject to certain limitations as defined by the IRC. If not utilized, 51
million of this loss carryforward will expire between 2023 and 2037. Given changes to the IRC, net operating loss carryforwards
generated after January 1, 2018 do not expire, therefore, 5 million in net operating losses generated since January 1, 2018 do not
expire. We have Illinois net loss deduction carryforwards for tax purposes of approximately 21 million on December 31, 2022. Due to
the provisions of Illinois Public Act 102-0669 signed November 16, 2021, Illinois net loss deductions expire between 2029 and
2039. 

As
a result of the annual limitation and uncertainty as to the amount of future taxable income that will be earned prior to the expiration
of the carryforward, we have concluded that it is likely that some portion of this carryforward will expire before ultimately
becoming available to reduce income tax liabilities. 

Item
7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

Not
required for a smaller reporting company. 

Item
8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

The
financial statements, with the report of independent auditors, listed in Item 15 appear on pages F-1 through F-21 of this Form
10-K. 

Item
9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

None. 

14 

Item
9A. Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures . We are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports filed by us under the Exchange Act
is: (a) recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms; and
(b) accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive and principal financial officer, to allow
timely decisions regarding required disclosures. It should be noted that in designing and evaluating our disclosure controls and
procedures, we recognize that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable
assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, and that our management necessarily was required to apply its judgment
regarding the design of our disclosure controls and procedures. As of the end of the period covered by this report, we conducted
an evaluation, under the supervision (and with the participation) of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer (our
principal executive officer) and our Chief Financial Officer (our principal financial officer), of the effectiveness of the design
and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act. Based on
that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer (which roles are currently filled by the same person),
concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at reaching that level of reasonable assurance. 

In
the period ending December 31, 2021, a material weakness in our internal controls over financial reporting was identified. The material
weakness related to how the Company tracks and accounts for its inventory. Management feels that this material weakness was remediated
in 2022. Remediation efforts included increased management personnel in the supply and finance organizations, one result of which
was a higher degree of support during the physical inventory counting process as well as in periodic cycle counts. We also centralized
the receiving and shipping functions of the Company in a single warehouse and consolidated the majority of our inventory in the
new warehouse. 

Management s
Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting . Management is responsible for the preparation, integrity and fair
presentation of the financial statements and Notes to the financial statements. Management is also responsible for establishing
and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934. The Company s internal control over financial reporting is designed under the supervision of the Company s
principal executive officer and principal financial officer in order to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles. The Company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: 

(i) 
 Pertain to the maintenance
 of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of assets of the Company; 

(ii) 
 Provide reasonable
 assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally
 accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations
 of management and directors of the Company; and 

(iii) 
 Provide reasonable
 assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company s
 assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections
of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes
in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Management
assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making
this assessment, management used the criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the
Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ). 

Based
on our assessment and those criteria, our management, including our Chief Executive Officer (our principal executive officer)
and our Chief Financial Officer (our principal financial officer) (which roles are currently filled by the same person), believes
that the Company maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting . The Company s management, including the Chief Executive Officer (our principal
executive officer) and Chief Financial Officer (our principal financial officer), confirm that there was no change in the Company s
internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

This
annual report does not include an attestation report of the Company s registered public accounting firm regarding internal
control over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by the Company s registered public
accounting firm pursuant to the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission that permit the Company to provide only management s
report in this Form 10-K. 

Item
9B. Other Information 

None. 

Item
9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 

Not
applicable. 

15 

PART
III 

Item
10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

DIRECTORS 

Set
forth below is certain information regarding the directors of the Company. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position
 with Company 
 
 Director
 Since 
 
 Term
 Expires 
 
 Class 
 
 R. Janet Whitmore 
 
 68 
 
 Chair of the Board
 of Directors 
 
 2003 
 
 2025 
 
 I 
 
 Laura M. Beres 
 
 39 
 
 Director 
 
 2020 
 
 2025 
 
 I 

Richard
W. Siegel, Ph.D. 
 
 85 
 
 Director 
 
 1989 
 
 2023 
 
 II 

Jess A. Jankowski 
 
 57 
 
 President, Chief
 Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, and Director 
 
 2009 
 
 2024 
 
 III 

Ms.
Whitmore joined the board in November 2003. She is a former director of Silverleaf Resorts, Inc., where she served as Chair
of the Compensation Committee and as a member of the Audit Committee. She is also a former director of Epoch Biosciences, a supplier
of proprietary products used to accelerate genomic analysis. Ms. Whitmore is Founder of Benton Consulting, LLC, which specializes
in business development and processes. From 1976 through 1999, Ms. Whitmore held numerous engineering and finance positions at
Mobil Corporation, including Mobil s Chief Financial Analyst and Controller of Mobil s Global Petrochemicals Division.
Ms. Whitmore holds a B.S. degree in Chemical Engineering from Purdue University and an M.B.A. from Lewis University. We believe
that Ms. Whitmore s combination of global financial, engineering, and management expertise makes her a valuable member of
our Board of Directors. Ms. Whitmore is the sister of Bradford T. Whitmore, and herself beneficially owned approximately 3 of
the outstanding shares of our common stock as of March 29, 2023. Mr. Whitmore, together with his affiliates Strandler, LLC, Grace
Brothers, Ltd. and Grace Investments, Ltd., beneficially owned approximately 63 of the outstanding shares of our common stock
as of March 29, 2023. He is also the manager of Beachcorp, LLC. The Company has entered into loan agreements with both Beachcorp,
LLC, and Strandler, LLC. 

Ms.
Beres has served as a director of the Company since October 2020. She has spent her career in corporate strategy
and operations in retail and consumer industries, transforming programs and building new organizational and market-facing capabilities.
Ms. Beres currently serves as Vice President, Enterprise Transformation at Ulta Beauty, where she leads the company s investment
portfolio, aimed at accelerating growth and the company s strategic goals. She established and led the Conscious Beauty program,
a holistic project that offers enhanced transparency and choice around clean ingredients and sustainability. Previously, she has
worked at Deloitte Consulting, advising primarily on growth and transformation strategies in Consumer-Packaged Goods, with additional
leadership roles in the CMO practice, developing and executing strategies on large global accounts. Ms. Beres started her career
working in the financial services, focused on small and middle market companies, with responsibilities including commercial lending
and credit evaluation, and credit transaction negotiation. She earned her M.B.A. from The University of Chicago Booth School of
Business, and has a B.S. in Finance and B.A. in Oboe Performance from Butler University. Ms. Beres has also served on Associate
and Auxiliary Boards for non-profit organizations in Chicago, as well as the Board of Directors for Chicago Youth Symphony Orchestras.
We believe that Ms. Beres broad strategic experience in CPG, and specific experience with cosmetics, along with her strong
financial background makes her a valuable member of our Board of Directors. 

16 

Dr.
Siegel is a co-founder of the Company and has served as a director of the Company since 1989. Dr. Siegel served as a consultant
to the Company from 1990 to 2002 with regard to the application and commercialization of nanomaterials. Dr. Siegel is an internationally
recognized scientist in the field of nanomaterials. During his tenure on the research staff at Argonne National Laboratory from
July 1974 to May 1995, he was the principal scientist engaged in research with the laboratory-scale synthesis process that was
the progenitor of the Company s physical-vapor-synthesis production system. Dr. Siegel was the Robert W. Hunt Professor
in Materials Science and Engineering at Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute from June 1995 until his retirement from RPI at the end
of 2021, and served as Department Head from 1995 to 2000. Dr. Siegel was the founding Director of both the Rensselaer Nanotechnology
Center (2001-2015) and the U.S. National Science Foundation funded Nanoscale Science and Engineering Center for Directed Assembly
of Nanostructures (2001-2013). During the period from 1995 until 1998, he was also a visiting professor at the Max Planck Institute
for Microstructure Physics in Germany on an Alexander von Humboldt Research Prize received in 1994. During the period from 2003
until 2004 he was a visiting professor in Japan on a RIKEN Eminent Scientist Award. He chaired the World Technology Evaluation
Center worldwide study of nanostructure science and technology for the U.S. government, has served on the Council of the Materials
Research Society and as Chairman of the International Committee on Nanostructured Materials. He also served on the Committee on
Materials with Sub-Micron Sized Microstructures of the National Materials Advisory Board and was the co-chairman of the Study
Panel on Clusters and Cluster-Assembled Materials for the U.S. Department of Energy. He served on the Nanotechnology Technical
Advisory Group to the U.S. President s Council of Advisors on Science and Technology during 2003-2009. Dr. Siegel was named
a Fellow of the Materials Research Society in 2010, the American Institute of Medical and Biological Engineering in 2015, and
the National Academy of Inventors in 2017. Dr. Siegel holds an A.B. degree in physics from Williams College and an M.S. degree
and Ph.D. from the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign. We believe that Dr. Siegel s experience as an internationally
recognized scientist in field of nanomaterials and a co-founder of the Company and inventor of our initial base technology makes
him a valuable member of our Board of Directors. 

Mr.
Jankowski joined the board in February 2009. He has served as the Company s President and Chief Executive Officer since
that time. He is currently serving as the Company s Chief Financial Officer, in addition to his existing role. After joining
the Company in 1995, Mr. Jankowski held offices including Vice President of Finance, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary, Treasurer
and Controller. From 1990-1995 he served as Controller for two building and public works contractors in the Chicago area, during
which time he had significant business development responsibilities. Mr. Jankowski holds a B.S. from Northern Illinois University
and an M.B.A. from Loyola University. He served on the TechAmerica Midwest Board from 2008 to 2012 and was a past member of the
TechAmerica Midwest CFO Committee. He was appointed to the Advisory Board of the Nanobusiness Commercialization Association in
2009. Mr. Jankowski was also appointed to the Romeoville Economic Development Commission and served from 2004 to 2010. He has
also served on the advisory board of NITECH (Formerly WESTEC), an Illinois Technology Enterprise Center focusing on the commercialization
of advanced manufacturing technologies from 2003 to 2008. From 2009 to 2018, Mr. Jankowski was appointed to the board of directors
of the Northern Illinois Technology Foundation, an economic development and technology transfer entity that is part of Northern
Illinois University. From 2011 to 2015, he served as a subject matter expert for the Invest Illinois Venture Fund. We believe
that Mr. Jankowski s long-term and intimate experience with Nanophase operations, the markets in which it competes, along
with his financial and management expertise, makes him a valuable member of our Board of Directors. 

Meetings
of the Board and Committees During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Board of Directors BOD held eleven
meetings. All directors attended all meetings of the BOD and related committee meetings in 2022. 

Committees
of the Board of Directors -- The Board of Directors has established an Audit and Finance Committee, Compensation Committee
and Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. Each operates in accordance with its charter (available on our website www.nanophase.com
under the Investor Relations section). The current members of the Audit and Finance Committee are Ms. Whitmore (Chair),
Ms. Beres, and Dr. Siegel. The members of the Compensation Committee are Ms. Whitmore (Chair), Ms. Beres, and Dr. Siegel. The
members of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee are Ms. Whitmore (Chair), Ms. Beres, and Dr. Siegel. 

The
Audit and Finance Committee generally has responsibility for retaining the Company s independent public auditors, reviewing
the plan and scope of the accountants annual audit, reviewing the Company s internal control functions and financial
management policies, reviewing and approving all related party transactions, and reporting to the Board of Directors regarding
all of the foregoing. The Audit and Finance Committee held eight meetings during 2022. The Board of Directors has determined that
Ms. Whitmore is an audit committee financial expert as described in applicable SEC rules. The Board
of Directors has not determined affirmatively that Ms. Whitmore is independent under the Nasdaq Stock Market rules, but such rules
are inapplicable to the Company because the Company is no longer listed on Nasdaq. 

The
Compensation Committee generally has responsibility for establishing executive officer and key employee compensation, reviewing,
and establishing the Company s executive compensation, evaluating our Outside Director compensation, and reporting to the
Board of Directors regarding the foregoing. The Compensation Committee also has responsibility for administering the 2019 Equity
Compensation Plan (the 2019 Equity Plan ), determining the number of options, if any, to be granted to the Company s
employees and consultants pursuant to the 2019 Equity Plan, and reporting to the Board of Directors regarding the foregoing. Regarding
most compensation matters, including executive compensation, our management provides recommendations to the Compensation Committee;
however, the Compensation Committee does not delegate any of its functions to others in setting compensation. The Compensation
Committee does not currently utilize external consultants in executive or director compensation matters. The Compensation Committee
held three meetings during 2022. Each member of the Compensation Committee is a non-employee director as defined
in Rule 16b-3 under the Exchange Act and is an Outside Director as defined by the regulations under Section 162(m)
of the Internal Revenue Code. 

17 

The
Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee generally has responsibility for evaluating and nominating candidates to serve on
the Board of Directors, and for establishing and reviewing our Corporate Governance Principles. The Nominating and Corporate Governance
Committee held three meetings during 2022. 

The
Board of Directors considers its role in risk oversight to focus primarily on evaluating risk at the entity and strategic levels,
with management primarily responsible for managing day-to-day risk factors and presenting summary materials for those positions
to the Board of Directors. Consistent with this philosophy, the Board of Directors has no formal policy as to whether the roles
of Chief Executive Officer and board Chair should be segregated or combined. The Board of Directors considers the circumstances
of the Company and makes a determination as to the appropriate leadership structure for the Company at that time. As of the time
of this filing, the positions of CEO and Board Chair are held by two individuals Ms. Whitmore serves as Chair and Mr.
Jankowski serves as CEO. Ms. Whitmore brings extensive experience in corporate leadership from her own working experience and
from a number of boards on which she has served in the past, and Mr. Jankowski is expected to benefit from that experience. The
Board of Directors believes this to be the most appropriate structure for the Company at this time. Under our Corporate Governance
Principles, in the event that the Chair of the Board is not an Outside Director, the Board will elect a lead independent director,
who will have the responsibility to schedule and prepare agendas for meetings of the Outside Directors, communicate with the CEO,
disseminate information to the rest of the Board and raise issues with management on behalf of the Outside Directors when appropriate.
The Board evaluates its leadership structure on an ongoing basis and may change it as circumstances warrant. 

The
Board of Directors does not have a stated policy regarding diversity, although pursuant to our Corporate Governance Principles,
diversity is one factor that the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee considers when recommending directors for stockholder
approval. The Board seeks experienced individuals for service who bring extensive experience in leadership, operations, finance,
and engineering, particularly in areas directly applicable to the Company or its intended future endeavors. 

EXECUTIVE
OFFICERS 

Set
forth below is certain information regarding the executive officers of the Company as of the date of this Form 10-K who are not
identified above as directors. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Kevin Cureton 
 
 61 
 
 Chief Operating Officer 

Mr.
Cureton joined the Company in November 2012 as Vice President of Sales, Marketing and Business Development. Effective January
1, 2018, Mr. Cureton was named Chief Commercial Officer, and became the Company s Chief Operating Officer in December 2019.
His chemical industry experience has spanned more than twenty years, the majority of which has been in the personal care industry,
including twelve years at AMCOL International Corporation, where he served as the founder and Managing Director of its skin care
and dermatology technology business. Prior to AMCOL, he made significant contributions at Air Products, Borden, and other entities.
Mr. Cureton holds a Bachelor of Science in chemical engineering from Carnegie Mellon University and an M.B.A. from the University
of Chicago Booth School of Business. 

The
Board of Directors elects executive officers and such executive officers, subject to the terms of their employment agreements,
serve at the discretion of the Board of Directors. Messrs. Jankowski and Cureton each have employment agreements with the Company.
See Item 11 below. There are no family relationships among any of the directors or officers of the Company. 

CODE
OF ETHICS 

We
have adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics Code of Ethics that applies to, among others, our principal
executive officer, principal financial officer and principal accounting officer or controller, or persons performing similar functions.
The Code of Ethics is posted on our Internet website www.nanophase.com under the Investor Relations section. In
the event that we make any amendment to, or grant any waiver from, a provision of the Code of Ethics that requires disclosure
under applicable SEC rules, we intend to disclose such amendment or waiver on our website. 

18 

Item
11. Executive Compensation 

SUMMARY
COMPENSATION TABLE 

The
following table sets forth a summary of the compensation for each of our named executive officers in U.S. dollars for the years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Name
 and Principal Position 
 
 Year 

Salary
 
 ) 

Bonus
 
 ) (1) 

Option
 
 Awards 
 ) (2) 

All
 
 Other Compensation 
 ) (3) 

Total
 
 ) 

Jess
 Jankowski 

2022 

336,240 

68,898 

27,317 

418,725 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

2021 

319,410 

33,600 

234,580 

33,321 

620,911 

Kevin
 Cureton 

2022 

290,000 

68,898 

23,414 

368,582 

Chief
 Operating Officer 

2021 

269,325 

26,100 

234,580 

22,309 

552,314 

(1) 
 Any amounts earned
 during 2022 and 2021 would typically have been paid in early-to-mid 2023 and 2022, respectively. Bonus compensation is driven
 by Company performance against its goals as ultimately determined by the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors
 Compensation Committee ). A set of Company-level objectives is created at the beginning of the year, focusing
 on total revenue, revenue growth, particular sources of revenue growth, business development achievements, cash flows and
 related targets, as well as a small discretionary component designed to capture items not specifically listed. Each measure
 has varying levels of achievement, which is reflected in the aggregate bonus measurement. The resulting bonus calculation
 is then applied to each individual s bonus potential as a percentage of salary. Performance milestones were not achieved
 in 2022 and related bonuses will not be paid in 2023. Management met a number of its performance milestones in
 2021, and bonuses were paid during the second quarter of 2022. 

(2) 
 The amounts in this
 column represent the aggregate grant date fair value of awards granted in 2021 and 2020 in accordance with FASB ASC Topic
 718. See Note 10 of the notes to our financial statements contained elsewhere in this Form 10-K for a discussion of all assumptions
 made by us in determining the FASB ASC Topic 718 values. 

(3) 
 The amounts in this
 column represent 401(k) match (total for executive officers of 14,839 during 2022 and 15,242 during 2021), and the value
 of the Company portion of the health and life insurance including employer HSA contributions. Health insurance benefits are
 the same for all employees. Life insurance is provided to all employees in the amount of the employee s annual base
 salary, capped at a maximum of 150,000. 

Employment
Agreements 

Effective
as of August 12, 2009, we entered into an employment agreement with Jess Jankowski in connection with his services as President
and Chief Executive Officer. No term has been assigned to Mr. Jankowski s employment agreement. 

Pursuant
to the terms of his employment agreement, Mr. Jankowski will receive an annual base salary of not less than 275,000. In addition,
Mr. Jankowski will be eligible for discretionary bonuses for services to be performed as an executive officer of the Company based
on performance and achieving milestones approved by our Board of Directors (the Board ). 

Mr.
Jankowski will be eligible for such stock options and other equity compensation as the Board deems appropriate, subject to the
provisions of the 2019 Equity Compensation Plan. Mr. Jankowski will also be entitled to the employee benefits made available by
us generally to all of our other executive officers, subject to the terms and conditions of our employee benefit plan in effect
from time to time. 

In
the event Mr. Jankowski s employment is terminated other than for cause (as such term is defined in the employment
agreement), Mr. Jankowski will receive a sum equal to Mr. Jankowski s base salary in effect at the time of termination for
52 full weeks after the effective date of termination, payable in proportionate amounts on our regular pay cycle for professional
employees, provided that Mr. Jankowski signs, without subsequent revocation, a separation agreement and release in a form acceptable
to us. In addition, all stock options granted to Mr. Jankowski prior to termination will become fully vested and exercisable in
accordance with the applicable option grant agreement and the 2019 Equity Compensation. If he is terminated for cause, or if he
resigns as an employee of the Company, Mr. Jankowski will not be entitled to any severance or other benefits accruing after the
term of the employment agreement and such rights will be forfeited immediately upon the end of such term. 

If,
within two years after the occurrence of a change in control, as defined in his employment agreement, Mr. Jankowski s employment
is terminated other than for cause, his responsibilities or annual compensation are materially reduced without his prior consent,
or we cease to be publicly held (each, a Trigger ), then, subject to Mr. Jankowski signing, without subsequently
revoking, a separation agreement and release in a form acceptable to us, Mr. Jankowski will receive a sum equal to his base salary
for 104 full weeks after the date the Trigger occurs. In addition, all stock options granted to Mr. Jankowski prior to the Trigger
will become fully vested and exercisable in accordance with the applicable option grant agreement and the 2019 Equity Compensation
Plan. 

19 

Effective
as of November 28, 2012, we entered into an employment agreement with Mr. Kevin Cureton providing for an annual base salary of
not less than 190,000. No term has been assigned to Mr. Cureton s employment agreement. If Mr. Cureton is terminated other
than for cause (as such term is defined in Mr. Cureton s employment agreement), then, subject to Mr. Cureton
signing, without revoking, a separation agreement and release in a form acceptable to us, Mr. Cureton will receive severance benefits
in an amount equal to Mr. Cureton s base salary for 26 weeks. In addition, all stock options granted to Mr. Cureton prior
to termination will become fully vested and exercisable in connection with the applicable option grant agreement and the 2019
Equity Compensation Plan. A signing bonus of 25,000 was paid upon Mr. Cureton s acceptance of employment. 

OUTSTANDING
EQUITY AWARDS AT FISCAL YEAR-END 

The
following table sets forth information regarding each unexercised option held by each of our named executive officers as of December
31, 2022. 

Option
 Awards 

Stock
 Awards 

Name 
 
 Number
 of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Exercisable 

Number
 of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Unexercisable 

Option
 Exercise Price ) 

Option
 Expiration Date 

Number 
 of Shares of 
 Stock 
 That Have 
 Not 
 Vested 
 (#) 

Market
 Value of Shares of Stock That Have Not Vested ) 

Jess
 Jankowski 

90,000 

-0- 

0.52 

02/13/24 

81,000 

-0- 

0.44 

02/18/25 

69,000 

-0- 

0.42 

02/23/26 

81,000 

-0- 

0.68 

02/21/27 

90,000 

-0- 

0.82 

05/23/28 

16,500 

-0- 

0.51 

05/22/29 

60,000 

30,000 
 (1) 

0.45 

06/18/27 

30,000 

60,000 
 (2) 

4.17 

12/28/28 

-0- 

72,000 
 (3) 

1.17 

12/20/29 

Kevin
 Cureton 

25,000 

-0- 

0.52 

02/13/24 

50,000 

-0- 

0.44 

02/18/25 

43,500 

-0- 

0.42 

02/23/26 

50,000 

-0- 

0.68 

02/21/27 

80,000 

-0- 

0.82 

05/23/28 

16,500 

-0- 

0.51 

05/22/29 

60,000 

30,000 
 (1) 

0.45 

06/18/27 

30,000 

60,000 
 (2) 

4.17 

12/28/28 

-0- 

72,000 
 (3) 

1.17 

12/20/29 

(1) 
 These
 grants expiring June 18, 2027 vest in three equal installments on June 18, 2021, 2022, and 2023. 

(2) 
 These
 grants expiring December 28, 2028 vest in three equal installments on December 28, 2022, 2023, and 2024. 
 
 (3) 
 These grants expiring
 December 20, 2029 vest in three equal installments on December 20, 2023, 2024, and 2025. 

POTENTIAL
PAYMENT UPON TERMINATION OR CHANGE IN CONTROL 

Severance
Benefits. Please see discussion of severance benefits under Employment Agreements above. 

20 

Change
in Control. Upon a change in control, the 2019 Equity Compensation Plan provides that: (1) vesting under all outstanding
stock options will automatically accelerate and each option will become fully exercisable; (2) the restrictions and conditions
on all outstanding restricted shares shall immediately lapse; and (3) the holders of performance shares will receive a payment
in settlement of the performance shares, in an amount determined by the Compensation Committee, based on the target payment for
the performance period and the portion of the performance period that precedes the change in control. If the Company is not the
surviving entity, the successor is required to assume all unexercised options. 

Payments.
 The following table quantifies the estimated payments that would be made in each covered circumstance to the following
named executive officers: 

Name 
 
 Termination
 By Company Without 
 Cause (1)(4) 

Change
 In 
 Control (2)(4) 

Involuntary
 
 Termination In Connection With 
 or 
 Following a 
 Change In 
 Control (3)(4) 

Jess
 Jankowski 

336,000 

-0- 

672,000 

Kevin Cureton 

145,000 

-0- 

145,000 

(1) 
 This amount represents
 the severance benefits that would be received under the executive officer s employment agreement as described had the
 executive officer been terminated by the Company without cause on December 31, 2022, including the value of any stock options
 that would have accelerated vesting in connection with such termination. 

(2) 
 This amount represents
 an estimate of the value that would have been received under the 2019 Equity Compensation Plan had a change in control occurred
 as of December 31, 2022, and the executive officers benefited from an acceleration of vesting in the 2019 Equity Compensation
 Plan awards, as described above. 

(3) 
 This
 amount represents an estimate of the payments and value (including acceleration of vesting of equity-based awards) that
 would have been received by the executive officers had the executive officers been terminated by the Company without cause
 on December 31, 2022 in connection with a change in control on this date. 

(4) 
 In all three columns,
 for purposes of calculating the value of the acceleration of vesting of equity-based awards relating to a change in control
 on December 31, 2022, the closing price of our common stock as of December 31, 2022, was used. The amount represents the difference
 between the exercise price of any unvested options and 1.13. 

DIRECTOR
COMPENSATION 

Upon
first being elected to the Board of Directors, each director of the Company who is not an employee or consultant of the Company
(an Outside Director is granted stock options to purchase shares of common stock at the closing price as of the
date of issuance (the fair market value). This initial option grant to an Outside Director typically vests over three years, though
may accelerate upon termination from the Board of Directors. 

In
2022, we paid quarterly compensation to the Chairman of the Board of Directors, for an annual total of 24,000. Our other two
Outside Directors, Ms. Beres and Dr. Siegel were each paid quarterly compensation for an annual total of 18,000. This compensation
was made solely for services performed by each in their capacities as directors. 

During
the fourth quarter of 2022, we granted our Outside Directors stock options totaling 50,000 shares under the 2019 Equity Plan,
as follows: the Chairman of the Board of Directors received stock options to purchase 20,000 shares of our common stock, while
the other two of the then Outside Directors received stock options to purchase 15,000 shares of our common stock. Our current
Outside Directors had the following shares of our common stock underlying stock options (both vested and unvested) outstanding
as of December 31, 2022: Ms. Whitmore: 131,100 shares; Ms. Beres 40,000 shares; and Dr. Siegel: 126,100 shares. 

21 

In
2005, we adopted, and our stockholders approved, the 2005 Non-Employee Director Restricted Stock Plan (the Director Restricted
Stock Plan which reserved 150,000 shares of our common stock to be issued to Outside Directors in the form of restricted
shares. In 2005, no awards were made under the Director Restricted Stock Plan. In 2005, we also adopted the Non-Employee Director
Deferred Compensation Plan (the Director Deferred Compensation Plan which permits an Outside Director to defer
the receipt of director fees until separation from service or the Company undergoes a change in control. We amended the Director
Restricted Stock Plan in 2005 to permit an Outside Director to defer receipt of restricted stock granted under it. The deferred
restricted shares are accounted for under the Director Deferred Compensation Plan and issued upon separation from service or the
Company s change in control. Under the Director Deferred Compensation Plan, the deferred fees that would have been paid
in cash are deemed invested in 5-year U.S. Treasury Bonds during the deferral period. The accumulated hypothetical earnings are
paid following the Outside Director s separation from service or the Company s change in control. The deferred fees
that would have been paid as restricted shares are deemed invested in our common stock during the deferral period. The Director
Deferred Compensation Plan is an unfunded, nonqualified deferred compensation arrangement. In 2009, all Outside Directors elected
to defer receipts of all of the restricted shares they became entitled to under the Director Restricted Stock Plan, which was
consolidated into the 2010 Equity Plan. In November 2019, the 2010 Equity Plan was consolidated in to the 2019 Equity Compensation
Plan. 

All
Outside Directors are reimbursed for their reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred in attending board and committee meetings. 

2022
 Outside Director Compensation 

Name 
 
 Fees
 Earned 
 or Paid in 
 Cash 
 ) 

Option
 Awards ) (1) 

Total
 ) 

R.
 Janet Whitmore 

24,000 

19,138 

43,138 

Laura M. Beres 

18,000 

14,354 

32,354 

Dr. Richard Siegel 

18,000 

14,354 

32,354 

(1) 
 The amounts in this
 column represent the aggregate grant date fair value of awards granted in fiscal 2022 in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718.
 See Note 10 of the notes to our financial statements contained elsewhere in this Form 10-K for a discussion of all assumptions
 made by us in determining the FASB ASC Topic 718 values. 

Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

SECURITIES
AUTHORIZED FOR ISSUANCE UNDER EQUITY COMPENSATION PLAN 

The
following table gives information about our common stock that may be issued upon the exercise of options and rights under our
2019 Equity Compensation Plan (the 2019 Equity Plan and our 2010 Equity Compensation Plan (the 2010 Equity
Plan on December 31, 2022. The 2019 Equity Plan replaced the 2010 Equity Plan. 

(a) 
 
 (b) 

(c) 

Plan
 Category 
 
 Number
 of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights 
 
 Weighted
 - average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights 
 
 Number
 of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column
 (a)) 

Plans
 Approved by Shareholders 
 
 3,444,000 
 
 1.33 
 
 1,119,000 

Plans Not Approved
 by Shareholders 
 
 None 

None 

SECURITY
OWNERSHIP OF MANAGEMENT 

 AND
PRINCIPAL STOCKHOLDERS 

The
following table sets forth, as of March 29, 2023 certain information with respect to the beneficial ownership of our common stock
by (1) each person known by us to own beneficially more than 5 of the outstanding shares of common stock, (2) each of our directors,
(3) each of our named executive officers and (4) all of our named executive officers and directors as a group. There were 49,505,124
 shares of common stock outstanding as of March 29, 2023. 

22 

Name 
 
 Number
 of 
 Shares 
 Beneficially Owned (1) 

Percent
 of 
 Shares Beneficially Owned 

Bradford T. Whitmore 
 
 30,890,595 (2) 
 
 62.63 

R.
 Janet Whitmore 

1,625,228 
 (3) 
 
 3.29 

Jess
 A. Jankowski 

577,500 
 (4) 
 
 1.16 

Richard W. Siegel,
 Ph.D. 
 
 505,938 (5) 
 
 1.02 

Kevin
 Cureton 

405,821 
 (6) 

Beres,
 Laura M 

11,666 
 (7) 

All
 current executive officers and directors as a group (5 persons) 

3,126,154 
 (8) 
 
 6.20 

Denotes
beneficial ownership of less than one percent. 

Unless
otherwise indicated below, the person s address is the same as the address for the Company. 

(1) 
 Beneficial ownership
 is determined in accordance with the rules of the SEC. Unless otherwise indicated below, the persons in the above table have
 sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of common stock shown as beneficially owned by them. 

(2) 
 Includes 601,410
 shares of common stock held by Grace Investments, Ltd., and 30,237,731 shares held by Bradford T. Whitmore, as well as 51,454
 shares held by his daughter. Mr. Whitmore is a general partner of Grace Investments, Ltd. In such capacities,
 Mr. Whitmore shares voting and investment power with respect to the shares of common stock held by the Grace Investments,
 Ltd.. This information is based on information reported on a Form 4 filed on December 15, 2022 with the SEC. The
 address of the stockholder is 5215 Old Orchard Road, Illinois 60077. 

(3) 
 Includes Ms. Whitmore s
 91,099 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of options exercisable currently or within 60 days of March 29, 2023. 

(4) 
 Includes Mr. Jankowski s
 517,500 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of options exercisable currently or within 60 days of March 29, 2023,
 as well as 1,000 shares held by his spouse. 

(5) 
 Includes Dr. Siegel s
 96,100 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of options exercisable currently or within 60 days of March 29, 2023. 

(6) 
 Includes
 Mr. Cureton s 355,000 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of options exercisable currently or within 60 days
 of March 29, 2023. 

(7) 
 Includes Ms. Beres 
 11,666 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of options exercisable currently or within 60 days of March 29, 2023. 

(8) 
 Includes
 all current executive officers and directors as a group s 1,071,365 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of
 options exercisable currently or within 60 days of March 29, 2023. 

Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

We
have engaged in a series of debt transactions with Bradford T. Whitmore since January 1, 2020. One of these was for debt with
a conversion provision that resulted in the issuance of common shares in May, 2021. Together with his affiliates Grace Brothers,
Ltd., Grace Investments, Ltd., Mr. Whitmore beneficially owned approximately 63 of the outstanding shares of our common stock
as of March 29, 2023. Mr. Whitmore is the brother of R. Janet Whitmore, who has been the Chair of the Board of Directors since
November 19, 2019 and one of our directors since 2003, and who is also a stockholder. Through his affiliates Beachcorp, LLC and
Strandler, LLC, Mr. Whitmore is also a substantial lender to the Company under the Business Loan Agreement, dated November 16,
2018 (see Note 3 to our financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K). 

23 

On
November 13, 2019, we entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the SPA with Mr. Whitmore pursuant to which
he agreed to purchase a Convertible Note (see below) from the Company for 2,000,000 and otherwise including representations,
warranties and covenants which are customary for similar transactions. The transactions contemplated by the SPA closed on November
20, 2019. At the closing of the SPA on November 20, 2019, the Company sold to Mr. Whitmore, and Mr. Whitmore purchased from the
Company, a 2 Secured Convertible Promissory Note in the original principal amount of 2,000,000 (the Convertible Note ),
the principal amount of which is payable to the order of Mr. Whitmore and his registered assigns and successors in a single payment
on May 15, 2024 (the Maturity Date ). The principal amount of the Convertible Note accrues interest at the rate of
2.0 per year, which interest is payable semi-annually on the 15th day of May and November, commencing on May 15, 2020. The principal
amount and, at the holder s option, accrued interest under the Convertible Note is convertible at the holder s option
into additional shares of the Company s common stock in whole or in part and from time to time up to the Maturity Date at
a conversion price of 0.20 per share. The obligations under the Convertible Note were secured by a security interest in all of
the Company s personal property pursuant to a Commercial Security Agreement among Mr. Whitmore, the Company and Sol sence,
LLC, the Company s sole subsidiary. The SPA also amended the Common Stock Purchase Agreement, dated May 13, 2019, between
the Company and Mr. Whitmore to add the shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of the Convertible Note to the registration
rights granted therein. Mr. Whitmore chose to exercise his conversion rights effective May 7, 2021, requesting that any accrued
interest be paid him in the form of shares. In addition to the 10,000,000 shares issued upon conversion, the Company issued 95,555
shares of additional stock to Mr. Whitmore in lieu of cash for the 19,000 in accrued interest owed at May 7, 2021. 

Director
Independence . The Board of Directors has determined that the following Company directors are independent as
that term is defined in the rules and regulations of the SEC and the Nasdaq Stock Market: Ms. Beres and Dr. Siegel. Though we
are no longer listed on Nasdaq, our Board of Directors used the Nasdaq listing standards in making its independence determinations.
Under the Nasdaq Stock Market rules, the Company would qualify as a controlled company because of the direct and
indirect ownership of Bradford T. Whitmore. As a controlled company, the Company would be exempt from the requirements under those
rules to have a majority of independent directors, to have an independent compensation committee, or to have independent director
oversight of director nominations. 

The
Board of Directors has established an Audit and Finance Committee, Compensation Committee and Nominating and Corporate Governance
Committee (the Standing Committees ). Ms. Whitmore, Ms. Beres, and Dr. Siegel are members of the Standing Committees,
and Ms. Whitmore serves as Chair of each committee. 

Item
14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 

Audit
Fees . The aggregate amount billed by our principal accountant, RSM US LLP RSM ), for audit services performed
for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was approximately 237,000 and 253,000, respectively. Audit services include
the auditing of financial statements and quarterly reviews. 

Audit
Related Fees . There were 0 and 13,000 in audit related fees billed by RSM for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
respectively, which may include costs incurred for reviews of registration statements, assistance with Staff comment letters,
and consultation on various accounting matters in support of our financial statements. 

Tax
Fees . There were no fees billed by our principal accountant for tax related services for the fiscal years ended December 31,
2022 and 2021. 

All
Other Fees . Other than those fees described above, during the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were no
other fees billed for services performed by our principal accountant. 

All
of the fees described above were approved by our Audit and Finance Committee. 

Audit
and Finance Committee Pre-Approval Policies and Procedures . Our Audit and Finance Committee pre-approves the audit and non-audit
services performed by RSM, our principal accountants, in order to assure that the provision of such services does not impair RSM s
independence. Unless a type of service to be provided by RSM has received general pre-approval, it will require specific pre-approval
by the Audit and Finance Committee. In addition, any proposed services exceeding pre-approval cost levels or budgeted amounts
will require specific pre-approval by the Audit and Finance Committee. 

The
term of any pre-approval is 12 months from the date of pre-approval, unless the Audit and Finance Committee specifically provides
for a different period. The Audit and Finance Committee will periodically revise the list of pre-approved services, based on subsequent
determinations, and has delegated pre-approval authority to the Chairman of the Audit and Finance Committee. In the event the
Chairman exercises such delegated authority, he shall report such pre-approval decisions to the Audit and Finance Committee at
its next scheduled meeting. The Audit and Finance Committee does not delegate its responsibilities to pre-approve services performed
by the independent auditor to management. 

24 

PART
IV 

Item
15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 

(a) 
 The following documents
 are filed as part of this Form 10-K: 

1. 
 The following financial
 statements of the Company, with the report of independent registered public accounting firm, are filed as part of this Form
 10-K: 

Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

2. 
 A list of exhibits
 required to be filed as part of this Form 10-K is set forth in the Exhibit Index beginning on page E-1 of this Form 10-K,
 and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item
16. Form 10-K Summary 

NONE. 

25 

NANOPHASE
TECHNOLOGIES CORPORATION 

INDEX
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 F-2 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-4 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-5 

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-6 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-7 

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-8 

F- 1 

Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

Shareholders
and the Board of Directors 

 Nanophase
Technologies Corporation 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

 We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Nanophase Technologies Corporation (the Company) as of December 31,
2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders equity and cash flows for the years then
ended, and the related notes to the consolidated financial statements (collectively, the financial statements). In our opinion,
the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31,
2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis
for Opinion 

 These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on
the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent
with respect to the Company in accordance with U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities
and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit
to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error
or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial
reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but
not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting.
Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to
error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence
regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements.
We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matter 

The
critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was
communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material
to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of
a critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by
communicating the critical audit matter below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or
disclosures to which they relate. 

F- 2 

Going
Concern 

The
Company believes that cash from operations and cash on hand, in addition to unused borrowing capacity, will be adequate to fund
operating plans and required debt repayments within one year after the date that the financial statements are issued, therefore there is not substantial
doubt regarding the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 

We
identified the evaluation of the Company s ability to continue as a going concern as a critical audit matter because of
certain significant assumptions management makes when estimating future cash flows. These estimates are subject to significant
estimation and execution uncertainty regarding the Company s future cash flows and the risk of bias in management s
judgements and assumptions in estimating these cash flows. Auditing these assumptions involved a high degree of auditor judgment
and an increase in audit effort due to the impact of these assumptions on the determination of the degree of doubt regarding the
ability of the entity to continue as a going concern. 

Our
audit procedures related to testing management s assessment of the ability of the Company to continue as a going concern
included the following, among others: 

We
 evaluated the forecasted revenues and operating expenses, as well as management s
 assumptions related to sources and uses of cash for reasonableness. This testing included: 

Evaluating
 the impact of the Company s existing financing arrangements on their ability to
 continue as a going concern. 

Developing
 an understanding of management s expectations for future changes in revenue and
 expenses through discussions with management and review of budgets. 

Comparing
 forecasted revenues and expenses to historical results. 

We
 evaluated that the disclosures included in the Form 10-K were complete and accurate and
 in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America. 

/s/

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2001. 

March
29, 2023 

F- 3 

NANOPHASE
TECHNOLOGIES CORPORATION 

CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

As of December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

(in thousands except share and per share data) 
 
 ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash 

Trade accounts receivable, less allowance for doubtful accounts of for December 31, 2022, and for 2021 

Inventories, net 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Equipment and leasehold improvements, net 

Operating leases, right of use 

Other assets, net 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current liabilities: 

Line of credit, related party 

Current portion of finance lease obligations 

Current portion of operating lease obligations 

Accounts payable 

Current portion of deferred revenue 

Accrued expenses 

Total current liabilities 

Long-term portion of finance lease obligations 

Long-term portion of operating lease obligations 

Long-term debt, related party 

Long-term portion of deferred revenue 

Asset retirement obligations 

Total long-term liabilities 

Contingent liabilities 

Stockholders equity: 

Preferred stock, par value, shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding 

Common stock, par value, and shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding on December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

(See
accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements) 

F- 4 

NANOPHASE
TECHNOLOGIES CORPORATION 

CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

Years ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

(in thousands except share and per share data) 
 
 Revenue: 

Product revenue 

Other revenue 

Total revenue 

Operating expense: 

Cost of revenue 

Gross profit 

Research and development expense 

Selling, general and administrative expense 

(Loss) income from operations 

Interest expense 

Other income, net 

(Loss) income before provision for income taxes 

Provision for income taxes 

Net (loss) income 

Net (loss) income per share-basic 

Weighted average number of basic common shares outstanding 

Net (loss) income per share-diluted 

Weighted average number of diluted common shares outstanding 

(See
accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements) 

F- 5 

NANOPHASE
TECHNOLOGIES CORPORATION 

CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

 (in
thousands except share data) 

Preferred Stock 
 Common Stock 

Description 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Additional Paid-in Capital 
 Accumulated 
Deficit 
 Total 
 
 Balance on December 31, 2020 

Issuances of shares and stock option exercises 

Exercise of conversion rights convertible loan, related party 

Stock-based compensation 

Net income for the year ended December 31, 2021 

Balance on December 31, 2021 

Issuances of shares and stock option exercises 

Stock-based compensation 

Net loss for the year ended December 31, 2022 

Balance on December 31, 2022 

(See
accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements) 

F- 6 

NANOPHASE
TECHNOLOGIES CORPORATION 

CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

(in thousands) 
 
 Operating activities: 

Net (loss) income: 

Adjustments to reconcile net (loss) income to cash provided by (used in) operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Gain on forgiveness of PPP loan 

Amortization of debt discount 

Share-based compensation 

Changes in assets and liabilities related to operations: 

Trade accounts receivable 

Inventories 

Prepaid expenses and other assets 

Accounts payable 

Deferred revenue 

Accrued expenses 

Net changes in ROU assets and lease liabilities - operating 

Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities 

Investing activities: 

Acquisition of equipment and leasehold improvements 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Financing activities: 

Principal payment on finance leases 

Payments to line of credit, bank 

Proceeds from line of credit, bank 

Payments to line of credit, related party 

Proceeds from line of credit, related party 

Proceeds from term loan, related party 

Proceeds from exercise of stock options 

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

Increase in cash 

Cash at beginning of period 

Cash at end of period 

Supplemental cash flow information: 

Cash paid for interest 

Supplemental non-cash investing and financing activity: 

Accounts payable incurred for the purchase of equipment and leasehold improvements 

Conversion of 2M convertible loan, related party 

Interest paid via stock issuance, convertible loan, related party 

(See
accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements) 

F- 7 

NANOPHASE
TECHNOLOGIES CORPORATION 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(In
thousands, except share and per share data or as otherwise noted herein) 

- years) using the straight-line method. Leasehold
improvements are stated at cost and are being amortized using the straight-line method over the shorter of the useful life of
the asset or the term of the lease - years). Depreciation expense for leased assets is included with depreciation expense for
owned assets. From time to time we have self-constructed assets. These assets are stated at cost plus the capitalization of labor
and are depreciated over an estimated useful life - years) using the straight-line method. 

in deferred revenue reported in 2022, approximately is comprised
of prepayment received from our medical diagnostics application customer for purchase orders to be filled in 2023, related
to prepayments received from certain customers per Company policy, and the remaining related to prepayments from a product
development agreement with a personal care ingredient customer. 

Accretion
 of liability due to passage of time 

Amortization
 of asset due to passage of time 

Balance, ending 

Balance, ending 

Contract
balances for the year ended December 31, 2021 is as follows: 

Accounts Receivable, net 
 Contract Assets 
 Contract Liabilities 
 
 Balance, beginning 

Balance, ending 

Revenue
recognized in the reporting period that was included in the contract liability balance at the beginning of the period was 
and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

shares of common stock that were outstanding as of December 31, 2022 were not included in
the computation of earnings per share for the year ended December 31, 2022, as they would have been anti-dilutive owing to the
loss reported for the period. Options to purchase approximately shares of common stock that were outstanding as
of December 31, 2021 were included in the computation of earnings per share for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Denominator: 

Weighted average number of basic common shares outstanding 

Weighted average additional shares assuming conversion of in-the-money stock options to common shares 

Weighted average number of diluted common shares outstanding 

Basic earnings per common share: 

Net income per share basic 

Diluted earnings per common share: 

Net income per share diluted 

to Current portion of
operating lease obligations and Total current liabilities and an increase in Long-term portion of
operating lease liabilities and Total long-term liabilities of . The current and long-term portion
of operating lease obligations were previously presented as and , respectively in the December 31, 2021 financial
statements. The current and long-term portion of operating lease obligations have been retrospectively presented as and ,
respectively, as of December 31, 2021. 

(1) 

(2) 

(3) 
 
 n/a 
 n/a 

(3) 
 
 n/a 
 n/a 

(3) (4) 

n/a 
 n/a 
 
 (3) (5) 

n/a 
 n/a 
 
 (3) (6) 

n/a 
 n/a 

1) in borrowings,
 with interest at the plus , to support our obligations under our Romeoville,
 Illinois facility lease agreement. No borrowings have been incurred under this promissory
 note. It is our intention to renew this note annually. Because there were no amounts
 outstanding on the note at any time during 2022 or 2021, we have recorded no related
 liability on our balance sheet. 

2) plus . On December 21, 2021, the existing credit agreement with
 Libertyville was converted for use to support our obligations under our newly leased
 manufacturing and warehouse space in Bolingbrook, Illinois. Interest on drawn balances
 will be at the prime rate plus 1 . This credit agreement has a maturity of December 22,
 2023. We expect to renew this agreement annually, as the lease requires. This credit
 agreement is secured by all the unencumbered assets of the Company, and has superior
 collateral rights to those credit facilities with Beachcorp, LLC and Strandler, LLC. 

3) to be disbursed in a single advance (the Term Loan with
 a fixed annual interest rate of , payable quarterly, and with principal due on ; and an asset-based revolving loan facility for the Company of up to 
 (the A/R Revolver Facility ), with floating interest accruing at the plus minimum) per year, with a borrowing base consisting of qualified
 accounts receivable of the Company, and a maturity of , as amended. On
 March 23, 2020, the Company and Beachcorp, LLC executed the First Amendment to our Master
 Agreement that extended the maturities of both the Term Loan and the A/R Revolver Facility
 to . Effective September 8, 2020, the Company and Beachcorp, LLC executed
 the Second Amendment to our Master Agreement that expanded the limit on the A/R Revolver
 Facility from to . On December 23, 2020, the Company and Beachcorp,
 LLC executed the Third Amendment to our Master Agreement that expanded the limit on the
 A/R Revolver Facility from to and extended the maturities of both the Term
 Loan and the A/R Revolver Facility to . Effective April 21, 2021 the Company
 and Beachcorp, LLC executed the Fourth Amendment to our Master Agreement that expanded
 the limit on the A/R Revolver Facility from to , changed the interest rate
 to fully floating and reduced the rate to the plus , also extending the
 maturity of the A/R Revolver Facility to . This amendment also increased
 the amount of the Term Loan from to , changed the interest rate to fully floating
 and reduced the rate to the plus . The maturity of the Term Loan remained
 . The Term Loan and A/R Revolver Facility are secured by all the unencumbered
 assets of the Company and subordinated to Libertyville s secured interest under
 the New Business Loan Credit Agreement. The Master Agreement substantially restricts
 the Company s ability to incur additional indebtedness during the terms of both
 the Term Loan and the A/R Revolver Facility. 

4) to , reduce the interest rate to the plus ,
 and extend the maturity of the A/R Revolver Facility to . 

5) , with a borrowing base consisting of up to of the
 value of qualified inventory of the Company. The interest rate for the Inventory Revolver
 is at the plus , and it matures on . 

6) plus , and it matures on . Strandler,
 LLC is also an affiliate of Bradford T. Whitmore. 

On
November 20, 2019, we entered into a Secured Convertible Promissory Note with Bradford T. Whitmore in the principal amount
of (the Convertible Note ). The principal amount was payable in a single payment on (the
 Maturity Date ). The principal amount of the Convertible Note accrued interest at the rate of 2.0 per year, which on the 15th day of May and November, commencing on . The principal amount and,
at the holder s option, accrued interest under the Convertible Note was convertible at the holder s option into additional
shares of the Company s common stock in whole or in part and from time to time up to the Maturity Date at a conversion price
of per share. The convertible note contained a beneficial conversion feature since the Company s stock was trading
at per share on the date the Company entered into the agreement. The intrinsic value of the beneficial conversion feature
was million on November 20, 2019 and was recorded as a discount on the convertible note. The discount was to be
accreted to the convertible note over the life of the note using the straight-line method. The offset to these discounts was interest
expense. The Company recognized amortized interest expense relating to this discount of in 2020. Upon exercise of the conversion
right in 2021, the acceleration of the remaining discount, in addition to the amortization of interest in 2021 prior to the conversion,
amounted to , all of which was recognized as interest expense. Mr. Whitmore chose to exercise his conversion rights effective
May 7, 2021, with any interest to be paid in the form of shares, as allowed in the Convertible Note. In addition to the shares
issued upon conversion, the Company issued shares of additional stock to Mr. Whitmore in lieu of cash for the
 in accrued interest owed at May 7, 2021. The note and related interest obligations were paid in full and cancelled in
May, 2021 via conversion. 

On
April 17, 2020, we entered into a Promissory Note (the PPP Note ), dated as of April 16, 2020, in favor of Libertyville
in the principal amount of for our loan under the Paycheck Protection Program PPP ). The Company was allowed
to apply for forgiveness of the amount due on the PPP Note in an amount equal to the sum of the following costs incurred during
the 24-week period beginning on the date of the first disbursement of the loan: (a) payroll costs, (b) any payment of interest
on a covered obligation (which shall not include any prepayment of or payment of principal on a covered mortgage obligation),
(c) any payment on a covered rent obligation, and (d) any covered utility payment, calculated in accordance with the terms of
the CARES Act. The principal amount of the PPP Note would have accrued interest at the rate of per year. The Company
applied for, and received, PPP forgiveness during the first quarter of 2021. Under the terms of the PPP loan, it is subject to
audit for six years from the date of forgiveness. If any portion of the PPP loan were to be deemed ineligible, the Company could
be required to repay the funds. On December 31, 2021, the balance under the PPP note was . 

Beachcorp,
LLC and Strandler, LLC are affiliates of Mr. Bradford T. Whitmore, who beneficially owns a majority of the Company s common
stock and is the brother of Ms. R. Janet Whitmore, a director of the Company and the chair of the Company s board of directors.
The A/R Revolver Facility, the Inventory Facility and the New Term Loan are all secured by all the unencumbered assets of the
Company and subordinated to the Company s credit facility with Libertyville Bank Trust. 

Accrued
interest consists of the following: 

As of December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Accrued interest expense, related parties 

Outstanding
balances associated with related parties are as follows: 

As of December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Beachcorp, LLC 

Strandler, LLC 
 
 n/a 

Finished goods 

Total Inventories, net 

Office equipment 

Office furniture 

Leasehold improvements 

Construction in progress 

Less: Accumulated depreciation and amortization 

Depreciation
expense was and , for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

which is included in the Operating lease right-of-use assets line item of these consolidated financial statements and
current and non-current lease liabilities related to the ROU asset of 
and ,
respectively. The in current
lease liability stems from expected payments from the lessor of the Bolingbrook facility reimbursing the Company for tenant
improvement allowances in the amount of 
over the next twelve months. As a result, the total lease liability was reduced by the expected payment, and the net effect of
reimbursements received and cash paid for leases in 2023 results in net lease payments of ,
which is shown in the maturity schedule below. As of December 31, 2021, the ROU asset had a balance of 
which is included in the Operating lease right-of-use assets line item of these consolidated financial statements and
current and non-current lease liabilities related to the ROU asset of 
and ,
respectively. These amounts are included in the Current portion of operating lease obligations and
 Long-term portion of operating lease obligations line items of these consolidated financial statements. The discount
rates used for leases accounted for under ASC 842 are based on an interest rate yield curve developed for the leases in the
Company s portfolio. 

The
office leases contain variable lease payments which consist primarily of taxes, insurance, and common area or other maintenance
costs, which are paid based on actual costs incurred by the lessor. The Company has elected to utilize the available practical
expedient to combine lease and non-lease components for building leases. 

Interest on finance lease liabilities 

Total finance lease costs 

Operating lease cost components: 

Operating lease cost 

Variable lease cost 

Short-term lease cost 

Sub-lease income 

Total operating lease costs 

Total lease cost 

Lease liabilities arising from obtaining right-of-use assets 

Early termination of operating lease 

Reduction in right of use asset due to remeasurement 

Reduction in lease liability due to remeasurement 

Weighted-average remaining lease term-finance leases (in years) 

Weighted-average remaining lease term-operating leases (in years) 

Weighted-average discount rate-finance leases 

Weighted-average discount rate-operating leases 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total payments 

Less amounts representing interest 

Total minimum payments required 

Accrued accounts payable 

Tenant security deposit / advance rent 

Other 

Total 

. Our current federal and deferred tax expenses
are zero. 

Tax exempt income - PPP loan 

Permanent tax deduction stock options exercised 

State income tax, net of federal benefits 

Expiration of NOL credits 

Effect of change in deferred tax rate 

Expiration of stock options 

Other 

Change in valuation allowance 

TOTAL 

Total deferred tax liabilities 

Deferred tax assets: 

Net operating loss carryforwards 

179 Carryforwards 

163(j) Business interest limitation carryforwards 

Deferred revenue 

Inventory and other allowances 

Excess (tax) book depreciation 

Excess (tax) book amortization 

174 research experimental expenditures 

Share-based compensation 

Other accrued costs 

Total deferred tax assets 

Less: Valuation allowance 

Deferred income taxes 

The
valuation allowance decreased approximately million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively
(net of approximately million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, for expiring net
operating loss carryforwards and credits) due principally to the change in the net operating loss carryforward and uncertainty
as to whether future taxable income will be generated prior to the expiration of the carryforward period. Under the Internal Revenue
Code, certain ownership changes, including the prior issuance of preferred stock and our public offering of common stock, may
subject us to annual limitations on the utilization of our net operating loss carryforward. As of December 31, 2022, it has been
determined that we are not subject to annual limitations on the utilization of our net operating loss carryforward. 

We
have federal net operating loss carryforwards for tax purposes of approximately 
 million on December 31, 2022. 
 million expire between 
 and .
We have section 179 carryforwards of approximately M at December 31,2022. All net operating loss carryforwards generated after January
1, 2018 do not expire. Therefore, 
 million in net operating losses generated since
January 1, 2018 do not expire. We have Illinois net loss deduction carryforwards for tax purposes of approximately 
 million on December 31, 2022. Due to the provisions
of Illinois Public Act 102-0669 signed November 16, 2021, Illinois net loss deductions expire between 
 and . 

F- 17 

authorized but unissued shares of preferred stock. 

from the date of grant. 

Employee
Stock Options 

Remaining unrecognized compensation expense 

Remaining weighted average-period, expense recognition (years) 

We
use the Black-Scholes option pricing model to determine the fair value of stock-based compensation. The Black-Scholes model requires
us to make several assumptions, including the estimated length of time employees will retain their vested stock options before
exercising them expected term ), the estimated volatility of our common stock price over the expected term, and
estimated forfeitures. Expected price volatility is based on the daily market rate changes of our stock. The active shares granted
prior to fiscal 2020 had a contractual life of as dictated by the 2010 Plan. The Black-Scholes model also requires a
risk-free interest rate, which is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of the grant, and the dividend
yield on our common stock, which is assumed to be zero since we do not pay dividends and have no current plans to do so in the
future. Changes in these assumptions can materially affect the estimate of fair value of stock-based compensation and consequently,
the related expense recognized on the statement of operations. We recognize stock-based compensation expense on a straight-line
basis over the requisite service period. 

Dividend yield: 

Weighted-average expected life (years) of the option: 

Weighted-average expected stock price volatility: 

Weighted-average fair value of the options granted: 

Contractual life (years) of shares granted in period 

Estimated forfeitures 

Granted 

Exercised 

() 

Forfeited or
 expired 

() 

Outstanding on
 December 31, 2022 

Exercisable on
 December 31, 2022 

Shares available
 for grant 

on the last business day for the year
ended December 31, 2022. 

Years
ended December
31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Shares exercised 

Total intrinsic value 

Cash received 

Based
on our election of the with and without approach, no realized tax benefits from stock options were recognized for
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

and , respectively. 

F- 19 

2 
 Sol sence 

3 
 Sol sence 

4 
 Sol sence 

Total 

2 
 Sol sence 

3 
 Sol sence 

4 
 Sol sence 

Total 

We
currently have exclusive supply agreements with BASF Corporation BASF ), our largest customer, that have contingencies
outlined which could potentially result in the license of technology and/or the sale of production equipment from the Company
to the customer intended to provide capacity sufficient to meet the customer s production needs. This outcome may occur
if we fail to meet certain performance requirements. Our supply agreements with BASF also trigger a technology transfer
right in the event of our insolvency, as further defined within the agreements. In the event of an equipment sale, upon incurring
a triggering event, the equipment would be sold to the customer at either of the equipment s net book value or the
greater of of the original book value of such equipment, and any associated upgrades to it, or of the equipment s
net book value, depending on the equipment and related products. 

If
a triggering event were to occur and BASF elected to proceed with the license and related equipment sale mentioned above, we would
receive royalty payments from this customer for products sold using our technology; however, we would lose both significant revenue
and the ability to generate significant revenue to replace that which was lost in the near term. Replacement of necessary equipment
that could be purchased and removed by the customer pursuant to this triggering event could take in excess of twelve months. Any
additional capital outlays required to rebuild capacity would probably be greater than the proceeds from the purchase of the assets
as dictated by our agreement with the customer. Similar consequences would occur if we were determined to have materially breached
certain other provisions of the supply agreement with BASF. Any such event would also likely result in the loss of many of our
key staff and line employees due to economic realities. We believe that our employees are a critical component of our success,
and it could be difficult to replace them quickly. Given the occurrence of any such event, we might not be able to hire and retain
skilled employees given the stigma relating to such an event and its impact on us. 

F- 20 

and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. As part
of our revenue from international sources, we recognized approximately and in product revenue from German companies,
in the aggregate, for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Personal Care Ingredients 

Advanced Materials 

Total Sales 

F- 21 

EXHIBIT
INDEX 

Exhibit 
 Number 

2 .1 
 Plan and Agreement
 of Merger dated as of November 25, 1997 by and between the Company and its Illinois predecessor, incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 2 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1997 (the 1997 10-K ),
 SEC File No. 000-22333. 

3(i).1 
 Certificate of Incorporation
 of the Company, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the 1997 10-K, SEC File No. 000-22333. 

3(i).2 
 First Amendment
 to the Certificate of Incorporation of the Company dated July 27, 2006, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.3 to the Company s
 Current Report on Form 8-K filed July 27, 2006, SEC File No. 000-22333. 

3(i).3 
 Second Amendment
 to the Certificate of Incorporation of the Company dated August 23, 2010, incorporated by reference to Exhibit A of the Company s
 Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed July 9, 2010, SEC File No. 000-22333. 

3(i).4 
 Third Amendment
 to the Certificate of Incorporation of the Company, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current
 Report on Form 8-K filed August 29, 2016. 

3(i).5 
 Fourth Amendment
 to the Certificate of Incorporation of the Company, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current
 Report on Form 8-K filed November 22, 2019. 

3(i).6 
 Fifth Amendment
 to the Certificate of Incorporation of the Company. 

3(ii).1 
 By-Laws of the Company,
 incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the 1997 10-K, SEC File No. 000-22333. 

4.1 
 Specimen stock certificate
 representing common stock, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form
 S-1/A filed November 4, 1997 (File No. 333-36937) (the Form S-1/A ). 

4.2 
 Form of Warrants,
 incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed October 1, 1997 (File
 No. 333-36937) (the IPO S-1 ). 

4.3 
 Certificate of Designations
 of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to the Company s Annual Report
 on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1998, SEC File No. 000-22333. 

4.4 
 Stock Purchase Agreement
 dated August 25, 2006 between the Company and Rohm and Haas Electronic Materials CMP Holdings, Inc., incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 99.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed August 28, 2006, SEC File No. 000-22333. 

4.5 
 Registration Rights
 Agreement dated August 25, 2006 between the Company and Rohm and Haas Electronic Materials CMP Holdings, Inc., incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 99.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed August 28, 2006, SEC File No. 000-22333. 

4.6 
 Common Stock Purchase
 Agreement, dated February 10, 2016, between the Company and Bradford T. Whitmore, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1
 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed February 10, 2016. 

4.7 
 Common Stock Purchase
 Agreement, dated December 19, 2017, between the Company and Bradford T. Whitmore, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1
 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed December 21, 2017. 

4.8 
 Common Stock Purchase
 Agreement, dated May 13, 2019, between the Company and Bradford T. Whitmore, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the
 Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed May 15, 2019 

4.9 
 Securities Purchase
 Agreement, dated November 13, 2019, between the Company and Bradford T. Whitmore, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1
 of the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed November 14, 2019. 

4.10 
 Commercial Security
 Agreement, dated November 20, 2019, between the Company, Sol sence, LLC and Bradford T. Whitmore, incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 4.2 of the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed November 14, 2019. 

E- 1 

10.1 
 Industrial Building
 Lease dated September 15, 2004 between the Company and the Village of Burr Ridge, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.32
 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2004 (the 2004 10-K ), SEC
 File No. 000- 22333. 

10.2 
 Industrial Building
 Lease Agreement between Centerpoint Properties Trust (formerly CP Financing Trust) and the Company, dated June 15, 2000, incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 10.23 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2000 (the
 2000 10-K ), SEC File No. 000-22333. 

10.3 
 Lease Amendment
 effective October 1, 2005 between the Company and Centerpoint Properties Trust, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1
 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed October 20, 2005, SEC File No. 000-22333. 

10.4 
 Second Amendment
 to Industrial Lease Agreement, dated as of November 13, 2014 between the Company and MLRP 1319 Marquette LLC, successor-in-interest
 to Centerpoint Properties Trust, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-
 K for the year ended December 31, 2014. 

10.5 
 Third Amendment
 to Industrial Lease Agreement, entered into on October 17, 2016 and effective October 1, 2016, by and between the Company
 and 1319 Marquette, LLC, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed
 October 19, 2016. 

10.6 
 Mutual Cooperation
 Agreement entered into on January 17, 2012, by and among the Company, C.I. Kasei Co., Ltd. and CIK NanoTek Corporation, incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed January 20, 2012, SEC File No. 000-22333. 

10.7 
 Trademark Ownership
 Assignment Agreement, dated March 31, 2012, between the Company and CIK NanoTek Corporation, incorporated by reference to
 Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed April 4, 2012, SEC File No 000-22333. 

10.8 
 Memorandum on the
 Payment of Royalty, dated March 31, 2012, between the Company and CIK NanoTek Corporation, incorporated by reference to Exhibit
 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed April 4, 2012, SEC File No 000-22333. 

10.9 
 Supply Agreement
 between the Company and Schering-Plough HealthCare Products, Inc. dated as of March 15, 1997, incorporated by reference to
 Exhibit 10.17 to the Form S-1/A. 

10.10 
 Zinc Oxide Supply
 Agreement dated as of September 16, 1999 between the Company and BASF Corporation, as assignee, incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 10.22 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1999, SEC File No. 000-22333. 

10.11 
 Amendment No. 1
 to Zinc Oxide Supply Agreement dated as of January, 2001 between the Company and BASF Corporation, incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 10.24 to the 2000 10-K, SEC File No. 000-22333. 

10.12 
 Amendment No. 2.
 to Zinc Oxide Supply Agreement dated as of March 17, 2003 between the Company and BASF Corporation, incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 10.26 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2002 (the 2002 10-K ),
 SEC File No. 000-22333. 

10.13 
 Amendment No. 3
 to Zinc Oxide Supply Agreement entered into on December 12, 2012, between the Company and BASF Corporation, incorporated by
 reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed December 6, 2012, SEC File No. 000-22333. 

10.14 
 Amendment
No. 4 to Zinc Oxide Supply Agreement, dated as of January 1, 2019 and entered into on March 11, 2019, between the Company and
BASF Corporation, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed May 15,
2019. 

E- 2 

10.15 
 Z-COTE HP-2 Brand
 Supply Agreement dated May 15, 2006 between the Company and BASF Corporation, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to
 the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed June 20, 2006, SEC File No. 000-22333. 

10.16 
 Amended and Restated
 Cooperation Agreement dated August 25, 2006 between the Company and Rohm and Haas Electronic Materials CMP Inc., incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 99.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed August 28, 2006, SEC File No. 000- 22333. 

10.17 
 Supply Agreement
 effective as of March 23, 2009, between the Company and Rohm and Haas Electronic Materials CMP Inc., incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 10.56 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008, SEC File No. 000-22333. 

10.18 
 Distributor Agreement
 dated October 24, 2005 between Johnson Matthey Catalog Company, Inc., d/b/a ALFA AESAR and the Company, incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 99.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed November 1, 2005, SEC File No. 000-22333. 

10.19 
 Supply Agreement
 dated March 3, 2006 between Roche Diagnostics GmbH and the Company, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Company s
 Current Report on Form 8-K filed March 9, 2006, SEC File No. 000-22333. 

10.20 
 First Amendment
 to the Supply Agreement entered into on November 19, 2014 between the Company and Roche Diagnostics GmbH, incorporated by
 reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed November 25, 2014. 

10.21 
 Second
 Amendment to the Supply Agreement, entered into on November 21, 2016, between the Company and Roche Diagnostics GmbH, incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed November 28, 2016. 

10.22 
 Third Amendment
 to the Supply Agreement, entered into on February 3, 2023, between the Company and Roche Diagnostics GmbH 

10.23 
 Joint Development
 Agreement dated March 23, 2004 between the Company and Altana Chemie AG, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.29 to the
 2003 10-K, SEC File No. 000-22333. 

10.24 
 Agreement dated
 July 7, 2008 between the Company and Altana Chemie GmbH, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Company s
 Current Report on Form 8-K filed July 18, 2008, SEC File No. 000-22333. 

10.25 
 Settlement and Termination
 Agreement, dated August 20, 2010, between the Company and Altana Chemie GmbH, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to
 the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed August 25, 2010, SEC File No. 000-22333. 

10.26 
 Supply Agreement,
 dated as of March 31, 2016, between the Company and Ester Solutions Company, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to
 the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed April 6, 2016. 

10.27 
 First Amendment
 to Supply Agreement, dated May 21, 2018, by and between Nanophase Technologies Corporation and Hallstar Ester Solutions Corporation
 (formerly known as Ester Solutions Company), incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report
 on Form 8-K filed May 25, 2018. 

10.28 
 Joint Development
 Agreement, dated as of July 31, 2019, between the Company and Sumitomo Corporation of Americas, incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed August 2, 2019. 

10.29 
 Joint Development
 Supply Agreement, dated December 12, 2016, by and between Sol sence, LLC and Colorescience Inc., incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed May 24, 2018. 

10.30 
 Amended and Restated
 Joint Development Supply Agreement, executed by Sol sence, LLC on May 18, 2018, by and between Sol sence,
 LLC and Colorescience Inc., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed
 May 24, 2018. 

10.31 
 Promissory
Note, dated March 4, 2015, granted by the Company in favor of Libertyville Bank and Trust Company, incorporated by reference to
Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed March 10, 2015. 

E- 3 

10.32 
 Commercial Security
 Agreement, dated March 4, 2015, between the Company and Libertyville Bank and Trust Company, incorporated by reference to
 Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed March 10, 2015. 

10.33 
 
 Change
 in Terms Agreement, dated March 4, 2016, between the Company and Libertyville Bank and Trust Company, incorporated by
 reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed March 10, 2016. 

10.34 
 Change in Terms
 Agreement, dated February 14, 2017, between the Company and Libertyville Bank and Trust Company, incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 10.32 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016. 

10.35 
 Promissory Note,
 executed by the Company on March 26, 2018, granted by the Company in favor of Libertyville Bank and Trust Company, incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 10.34 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017. 

10.36 
 Commercial Security
 Agreement, executed by the Company on March 26, 2018, between the Company and Libertyville Bank and Trust Company, incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 10.35 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017. 

10.37 
 Business Loan Agreement,
 executed by the Company on March 22, 2019, between the Company and Libertyville Bank and Trust Company, incorporated by reference
 to the Exhibit 10.32 of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018. 

10.38 
 Change in Terms
 Agreement, executed by the Company on March 22, 2019, between the Company and Libertyville Bank and Trust Company, incorporated
 by reference to the Exhibit 10.33 of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018. 

10.39 
 Business Loan Agreement,
 dated November 16, 2018, between the Company and Beachcorp, LLC, incorporated by reference to the Company s Quarterly
 Report on Form 10-Q filed November 19, 2018. 

10.40 
 Promissory Note,
 dated November 19, 2018, made by the Company and payable to the order of Beachcorp, LLC to evidence a term loan in the original
 principal amount of up to 500,000, incorporated by reference to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed November
 19, 2018. 

10.41 
 Promissory Note,
 dated November 19, 2018, made by the Company and payable to the order of Beachcorp, LLC to evidence revolving borrowings in
 a principal amount of up to 2,000,000, incorporated by reference to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed
 November 19, 2018. 

10.42 
 First Amendment to Business Loan Agreement, dated March 23, 2020, between the Company and Beachcorp, LLC, incorporated by reference to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed March 30, 2020. 

10.43 
 Fourth Amendment to Business Loan Agreement, dated April 21, 2021, between the Company and Beachcorp, LLC, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed April 21, 2021. 

10.44 
 Business Loan Agreement, dated January 28, 2022, between the Company and Beachcorp, LLC, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed February 2, 2022. 

10.45 
 Business Loan Agreement, dated January 28, 2022, between the Company and Strandler, LLC, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed February 2, 2022. 

10.46 
 Amended and Restated Business Loan Agreement, dated January 28, 2022, between the Company and Beachcorp, LLC, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed February 2, 2022. 

10.47 
 Replacement Promissory Note, dated January 28, 2022, made by the Company and payable to the order of Beachcorp, LLC to evidence revolving borrowings in a principal amount of up to 8,000,000 , incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed February 2, 2022. 

E- 4 

10.48 
 Promissory Note, dated January 28, 2022, made by the Company and payable to the order of Strandler, LLC to evidence a term loan in the original principal amount of up to 1,000,000 , incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed February 2, 2022. 

10.49 
 Promissory Note, dated January 28, 2022, made by the Company and payable to the order of Beachcorp, LLC to evidence revolving borrowings in a principal amount of up to 4,000,000 , incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed February 2, 2022. 

10.
 50 
 Employment Agreement
 effective August 12, 2009 between the Company and Jess Jankowski, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s
 Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2009, SEC File No. 000-22333. + 

10.51 
 Employment
 Agreement dated November 28, 2012, between the Company and Kevin Cureton, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.36 to
 the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2012, SEC File No. 000-22333. + 

10.52 
 Nanophase Technologies
 Corporation 2004 Equity Compensation Plan 2004 Equity Plan ), incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4 to the
 Company s Registration Statement on Form S-8 (File No. 333-119466). + 

10.53 
 2008 Long-Term Cash
 Incentive Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed July 25,
 2008, SEC File No. 000-22333.+ 

10.54 
 Nanophase Technologies
 Corporation 2010 Equity Compensation Plan, as amended, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current
 Report on Form 8-K filed August 29, 2016.+ 

10.55 
 Form of Stock Option
 Award Agreement under the 2010 Equity Compensation Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.47 to the Company s
 Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2013.+ 

10.56 
 Nanophase Technologies
 Corporation 2019 Equity Compensation Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report
 on Form 8-K filed November 22, 2019.+ 

10.57 
 Building Lease,
 dated as of September 15, 2010, between the Company and the Village of Burr Ridge, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.50
 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016. 

10.58 
 Building Lease,
 dated as of March 13, 2017, between the Company and the Village of Burr Ridge, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.51
 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016. 

10.59 
 Know-How License
 Agreement, executed by the Company on June 26, 2017, between the Company and Eminess Technologies, Inc., incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 10.1 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed June 29, 2017. 

10.
 60 
 Exclusive Supply
 Agreement, executed by the Company on June 26, 2017, between the Company and Eminess Technologies, Inc., incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 10.2 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed June 29, 2017. 

10.61 
 Technology Development
 Agreement, executed by the Company on June 26, 2017, between the Company and Eminess Technologies, Inc., incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 10.3 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed June 29, 2017. 

10.62 
 Exclusive Supply
 Agreement, effective April 1, 2021, between Solesence, LLC and Ilia Beauty, Inc., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1
 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed June 14, 2021. 

10.63 
 Lease, effective
 December 1, 2021, between the Company and FR JH 10, LLC, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s
 Current Report on Form 8-K filed December 9, 2021. 

21.1 
 Subsidiary of the Company. 

E- 5 

23.1 
 Consent of RSM US LLP. (filed herewith) 

31.1 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer) pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Exchange Act. (filed herewith) 

31.2 
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer (principal financial officer) pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Exchange Act. (filed herewith) 

32 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer) and Chief Financial Officer (principal financial officer) pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350. (filed herewith) 

101 
 The following materials
 from the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017, formatted in XBRL (Extensible Business
 Reporting Language): (1) the Balance Sheets, (2) the Statements of Operations, (3) the Statements of Cash Flows, (4) the Statements
 of Stockholders Equity, and (5) the Notes to the Financial Statements. 

Confidentiality
 previously granted for portions of this agreement. 

+ 
 Indicates management
 contracts or compensatory plans or arrangements. 

E- 6 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report
to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, on the 29 th day of March, 2023. 

NANOPHASE TECHNOLOGIES CORPORATION 

By: 
 /s/
 Jess A. Jankowski 

Jess A. Jankowski 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf
of the registrant and in the capacities indicated on the 29 th day of March, 2023. 

Signature 
 
 Title 

/s/
 Jess A. Jankowski 
 
 President, Chief Executive Officer (principal
 executive officer, 
 
 Jess
 A. Jankowski 
 
 principal financial
 officer, and principal accounting officer) and Director 

/s/
 R. Janet Whitmore 
 
 Chair of the Board of Directors 
 
 R. Janet Whitmore 

/s/
 Laura M. Beres 
 
 Director 
 
 Laura M. Beres 

/s/
 Richard W. Siegel 
 
 Director 
 
 Richard W. Siegel 

<EX-10.22>
 2
 ex10-22.htm
 THIRD AMENDMENT TO THE SUPPLY AGREEMENT

Nanophase Technologies Corporation 10-K 

 Exhibit
10.22 

Portions
of this Exhibit have been redacted pursuant to a request for confidential treatment under Rule 24b-2 of the General Rules and
Regulations under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Omitted information, marked [ ] in this Exhibit, has been
filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission together with such request for confidential treatment. 

3RD AMENDMENT 

to
the Supply Agreement effective as of March 3, 2006 

between 

Roche
Diagnostics GmbH 

 Sandhofer
Strasse 116 

 68305
Mannheim 

 Germany 

- ROCHE - 

and 

Nanophase
Technologies Corporation 

 1319
Marquette Drive 

 Romeoville,
IL 60446 

 USA 

-
 SUPPLIER 
 - 

Portions
of this Exhibit have been redacted pursuant to a request for confidential treatment under Rule 24b-2 of the General Rules and
Regulations under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Omitted information, marked [ ] in this Exhibit, has been
filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission together with such request for confidential treatment. 

Confidential 

PREAMBLE 

WHEREAS, ROCHE
 and SUPPLIER have entered into a Supply Agreement on March 3, 2006 (the Agreement ),
 a First Amendment to the Agreement effective as of November 19, 2014 and a Second
 Amendment to the Agreement effective as of December 1, 2016; 

WHEREAS, several
 stipulations of the Agreement shall be adjusted; 

WHEREAS, the
 price for the Products is specified both in Section 5.1 of the Agreement and Annex
 2 to the Agreement and Annex 2 to the Agreement is not referenced to in the
 Agreement and, whereas, in order to avoid potential misunderstanding Annex 2 shall
 be replaced by a placeholder; 

WHEREAS, the
 parties have entered into a Postponement and Settlement Agreement on October 18, 2021
 Postponement Agreement stipulating i.a. Product prices that deviate
 from the prices agreed upon in the 2 nd Amendment to the Agreement; 

WHEREAS, the
 Agreement shall be supplemented by new sections about supplier performance, chemicals
 and hazardous substances and electronic signature. 

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and obligations contained herein and intending to be legally bound hereby,
the parties agree as follows: 

1. AMENDMENT 

1.1 The
 definition of Affiliate as stipulated in Section 1 of the Agreement shall
 be replaced to read as follows: 

Affiliate 
 shall mean 

(i) an
 organization, which directly or indirectly controls a party to this Agreement; 

(ii) an
 organization, which is directly or indirectly controlled by a party to this Agreement; 

(iii) an
 organization, which is controlled, directly or indirectly, by the ultimate parent company
 of a party. 

Control
as per (i) to (iii) is defined as owning more than fifty percent of the voting stock of a company or having otherwise the power
to govern the financial and the operating policies or to appoint the management of an organization. With respect to RDG the term
 Affiliate shall not include Chugai Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd, 1-1, Nihonbashi-Muromachi 2-chome, Chuo-ku, Tokyo, 103-8324,
Japan Chugai ), unless RDG opts for such inclusion of Chugai by giving written notice to Supplier. 

2/ 1 4 

Portions
of this Exhibit have been redacted pursuant to a request for confidential treatment under Rule 24b-2 of the General Rules and
Regulations under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Omitted information, marked [ ] in this Exhibit, has been
filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission together with such request for confidential treatment. 

Confidential 

1.2 Section
 1 of the Agreement shall be supplemented by the following new definitions: 

,,OTIF 
 means
delivery on time and in full, where ,, on-time delivery is delivery five (5) calendar days before to Jive (5)
calendar days after the delivery date as specified in the applicable accepted Firm
Order, and ,,in-full delivery means delivery of all quantities of Product( s)
agreed upon as set forth in the respective accepted Firm Order. 

,,Performance
 Review Report has
 the meaning ascribed to it in Section J0A.3. 

,,Supplier
 Performance Obligations shall mean the obligations specified as Performance
 Requirement in the table in Annex 3, and as further detailed in
 such table. 

,,Supplier
 Performance Records has
 the meaning ascribed to it in Section J0A.5. 

1.3 The
 contact details for supplier declarations of all kind and specifications for a classification
 of the Products set forth in Section 2.4 of the Agreement (as amended by the 2 nd
 Amendment) shall be replaced to read as follows: 

Roche
Diagnostics GmbH 

 Customs/Import
Service DOS/Tl 

 Sandhofer
Str. 116 

 68305
Mannheim I Germany 

 german
 y.countrv-ororigi11-@roche.co111 

For
the avoidance of doubt, (i) any references to ROCHE in such Section 2.4 shall be deemed references to RDG ,
and (ii) any references to Agreement in such Section 2.4 shall be deemed references to Supply Agreement . 

The
remainder of Section 2.4 of the Agreement shall remain unchanged and in full force and effect. 

1.4 For
 the avoidance of doubt, any references to ROCHE in Section 5.1 of the Agreement
 - as amended by the 2 nd Amendment - shall be deemed references to RDG . 

1.5 Notwithstanding
 Section 5.1 of the Agreement (as amended by the 2 nd Amendment), Section 2.2
 of the Postponement Agreement shall apply for Products ordered in the calendar years
 2022 and 2023. 

1.6 Section
 5.4 of the Agreement shall be replaced to read as follows: 

3 /14 

Portions
of this Exhibit have been redacted pursuant to a request for confidential treatment under Rule 24b-2 of the General Rules and
Regulations under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Omitted information, marked [ ] in this Exhibit, has been
filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission together with such request for confidential treatment. 

Confidential 

5.4 Payment
for the Products ordered shall be due on the ninetieth (90 th day after the date of receipt of non Defective Products
as defined below and the respective proper invoice by RDG and/or its Affiliates, unless otherwise agreed by the parties
in writing. 

1.7 A
 new Section 6A shall be inserted into the Agreement between the existing Sections 6 (Right
 of Rejection and Indemnification) and 7 (Force Majeure). Section 6A shall read as follows: 

6A. Chemicals
and Hazardous Substances 

6A.l REACH. 

6A.1.1 Compliance .
 Supplier
 represents and warrants that the Products are in compliance with Regulation (EC) No.
 1907/2006 (,,REACH ). Notwithstanding further or stricter requirements set
 out in REACH, Supplier acknowledges that Products are in compliance with REACH if and
 to the extent all substances contained in each respective Product 

(a) have
 been pre-registered and/or have been registered by Supplier and/or Supplier s supplier
 respecting RDG s use; or 

(b) are
 excluded from REACH; or 

(c) are
 exempted from registration (e.g. according to Art. 2(5), (7) of REACH). 

6A.1.2 Duties
 to inform (SVHCs and articles) . Supplier
 shall inform RDG 

(a) in
 the event the Product is a substance or a mixture (as defined in Art. 3 (2) of REACH),
 whether the Product contains a substance of very high concern (,,SVHC listed
 on the ,, Candidate List of substances of very high concern for authorisation 
 published by the European Chemical Agency in accordance with Article 59(10) of REACH
 (the ,,Candidate List in a concentration above 0.1 weight by weight; 

(b) if
 the Product contains an SVHC in a concentration above 0.1 , about the name of
 such substance and the actual concentration; and/or 

(c) notwithstanding
 (a) and (b), in accordance with Art. 33(1) of REACH if the Product is an article (as
 defined in Art. 3( 3) REACH), 

The
aforesaid obligations to inform shall become due as soon as the respective substance is being published in the Candidate List. 

4 /14 

Portions
of this Exhibit have been redacted pursuant to a request for confidential treatment under Rule 24b-2 of the General Rules and
Regulations under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Omitted information, marked [ ] in this Exhibit, has been
filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission together with such request for confidential treatment. 

Confidential 

6A.1.3 Interpretation .
 Supplier acknowledges that, 

(a) if
 the Product is an article (as defined in Art. 3(3) of REACH) which is made of more than
 one article, then the concentration threshold of 0.1 applies to every article
 which was joined or assembled together to form that Product; and 

(b) the
 concentration limit of 0.1 weight-by-weight (wlw) of Article 33(1) of REACH
 applies to all articles joined or assembled together in the Product. 

6A.1.4 Not
 pre-registered s ubstances.
 If Supplier has not pre-registered one
 or more substances contained in the Product because Supplier intends to benefit from
 an exemption for this substance, Supplier shall inform RDG accordingly in order to enable
 RDG to check whether RDG and/or RDG customers uses are also exempted. 

6A.1.5 Authorized
 substances. If any substance listed in Annex XIV of REACH supplied to RDG (also as
 part of a mixture) is authorized for Supplier and/or Supplier s supplier, Supplier shall
 inform RDG whether RDG s use of this substance is included in such authorization, and,
 if so, provide the authorization number. 

6A.2 General
 Duty to Inform. Notwithstanding Section 6A.1 above, Supplier shall provide to RDG,
 free of charge, at RDG s request, all technical data, documentation and information concerning
 the Product necessary to enable RDG to use and/or commercialize the Product in compliance
 with any laws regarding the safe use of chemicals and hazardous substances. Such laws
 include without limitation the requirements of REACH, Regulation (EC) 1272/2008 (,,CLP ),
 Regulation (EU) 528/2012 (,,BPR ), any law of any jurisdiction worldwide
 of comparable regulatory content or purpose, or any revision of aforesaid laws including
 all future changes and substitutions thereof as well as all ordinances and regulations
 enacted for their implementation. 

6A.3 Document
 Format. Supplier acknowledges that RDG uses electronic systems for the collection
 and processing of the information requested under this Section ,,Chemicals and Hazardous
 Substances . Supplier shall therefore, as reasonably requested by RDG, provide such
 information in a format that is readable by and compatible to such electronic system. 

5 /14 

Portions
of this Exhibit have been redacted pursuant to a request for confidential treatment under Rule 24b-2 of the General Rules and
Regulations under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Omitted information, marked [ ] in this Exhibit, has been
filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission together with such request for confidential treatment. 

 Confidential 

1.8 Section
 10 (Compliance, Sustainability) of the Agreement, inserted into the Agreement by the
 2 nd Amendment, shall be replaced in its entirety to read as follows: 

10. Compliance,
Sustainability, Ethics 

10.1 Supplier s
 Compliance . Supplier
 shall comply with all applicable laws and regulations including relating to 

(a) sustainable
 development and social responsibility such as regulations prohibiting child labor, forced
 labor, bribes, corruption, extortion, embezzlement or the granting of improper advantages
 in business and governmental relationships; 

(b) the
 protection of human rights, 

(c) the
 promotion and protection of competition; and 

(d) the
 sale, export, re-export, retransfer and import of goods. 

In
addition, Supplier acknowledges that it is a prerequisite for doing business with RDG that it complies with the Roche Supplier
Code of Conduct which can be found under the link 

http://www.roche.com/roche_supplier_code_of_conduct.pdf 

Upon
RDG s request, Supplier shall provide certification of compliance. 

10.2 Sub-
 suppliers 
 compliance. Supplier
 shall also demand its own suppliers to commit to the same compliance standards. Supplier
 shall identify its own critical suppliers, risk-assess and/or audit them and mitigate
 identified high risks. Supplier shall inform RDG about the number of its critical
 suppliers, the number of high risk critical suppliers and the number of high risk critical
 suppliers for which mitigation plans are in place. Upon request by RDG, in selected cases
 Supplier shall provide evidence to RDG by sharing (anonymized) risk assessments and audit
 reports. 

10.3 Audit
 right . RDG reserves the right to audit Supplier upon reasonable notice and at RDG s
 expense with regard to compliance with laws, regulations and the Roche Supplier Code
 of Conduct, such audit to be conducted in such a way as to minimize the impact on operations. 

10.4 Termination
 right . In case of material non-compliance RDG reserves the right to terminate the
 Supply Agreement. 

1.9 A
 new Section lOA shall be inserted into the Agreement between the existing Sections 10
 (Compliance, Sustainability) and 11 (Governing Law, Venue). Section lOA shall read as
 follows: 

10A Supplier
Performance 

10A.1 OTIF
 Delivery. Notwithstanding any other rights and obligations of the parties regarding
 the supply and delivery of the Products, Supplier shall deliver OTIF one hundred percent
 (100 of the Product(s) contained in a Firm Order. Supplier s OTIF performance shall
 be monitored at the Firm Order line item level on a monthly basis. 

6 /14 

Portions
 of this Exhibit have been redacted pursuant to a request for confidential treatment under
 Rule 24b-2 of the General Rules and Regulations under the Securities Exchange Act of
 1934. Omitted information, marked [ ] in this Exhibit, has been filed separately
 with the Securities and Exchange Commission together with such request for confidential
 treatment. 

Confidential 

10A.2 Undercapacity .
 In the event Supplier s capacity is insufficient to meet the quantity of Product(s) requested
 by RDG in a Firm Order, Supplier shall notify RDG in writing of such circumstances within
 seven (7) working day from the date of receipt of such Firm Order and shall provide to
 RDG an allocation of capacity no less favorable to RDG than to Supplier s largest non-Roche
 customer. 

10A.3 Supplier
 Performance Review. At the beginning of each calendar quarter, and upon RDG s earlier
 request, Supplier and RDG will meet to review Supplier s compliance with the Supplier
 Performance Obligations. Supplier shall provide to RDG information and records requested
 by RDG in writing to show Supplier s compliance with the Supplier Performance Obligations.
 Such information and records include the information and records requested in Annex
 3 (,,Performance Review Report ). Additionally, Supplier shall immediately update
 the Performance Review Report upon any material change to the information requested in
 the Performance Review Report. 

10A.4 Corrective Actions. If,
 during the term of this Supply Agreement, RDG identifies a breach of any of the Supplier
 Performance Obligations or an issue that may affect Supplier s compliance with the Supplier
 Performance Obligations, in addition and notwithstanding any other rights or remedies
 available hereunder or at law, RDG may issue to Supplier a Performance Corrective Action
 Request (,,PCAR ), in substantially the same form as that found in Annex
 4. Supplier shall provide a detailed written response to RDG within fifteen 15)
 working days of the receipt of the PCAR. If closure and verification of the issue( s)
 identified in the PCAR cannot be achieved within twenty (20) business days of Supplier s
 receipt of the PCAR, Supplier shall submit to RDG a written action plan and schedule
 detailing its plan to correct issues identified in the PCAR. RDG may review and propose
 revisions to any such action plans, and all such action plans are subject to RDG s written
 approval. Upon approval and implementation of the action plan, Supplier shall provide
 weekly status reports to RDG until the action plan is completed and verified effective
 and RDG indicates, in writing, that Supplier has adequately addressed the issues identified
 in the PCAR. 

10A.5 Records. Supplier shall maintain reproducible records of all information, data, and documentation
 relating to its Supplier Performance Obligations (,,Supplier Performance Records ),
 including the information requested in the Performance Review Report for three (3)
 years after each such Supplier Performance Record is generated. 

7 /14 

Portions
 of this Exhibit have been redacted pursuant to a request for confidential treatment under
 Rule 24b-2 of the General Rules and Regulations under the Securities Exchange Act of
 1934. Omitted information, marked [ ] in this Exhibit, has been filed separately
 with the Securities and Exchange Commission together with such request for confidential
 treatment. 

Confidential 

1.10 Section
 13.3 (Waiver) of the Agreement shall be replaced to read as follows: 

13.3 Waivers,
 Amendments. This Supply Agreement may be amended and any of its terms or conditions
 may be waived only by a written instrument executed by both parties, or, in the case
 of a waiver, by the party waiving compliance. The failure by either party at any time
 to insist upon strict and punctual performance of any provision hereof shall in no manner
 affect its rights at a later time to enforce the same. No waiver by either party of any
 condition or term in any instance shall be construed as a further or continuing waiver
 of such condition or term or of another condition or term. Any waiver of the written
 form requirement must be made in writing. The parties agree that electronic signatures
 as defined in Regulation (EU) 910/2014 shall have the same legal force and effect as
 original signatures. 

1.11 As
 a consequence of the insertion of new Sections, for clarity, as of the effective date
 of this Amendment, the Sections in the Agreement shall now be sorted and numbered as
 follows: 

1. 
 Definitions 

2. 
 Supply
 of Products 

3. 
 Quality 

4. 
 Quantities
 and Firm Orders 

5. 
 Prices,
 Payment and Delivery 

6. 
 Right
 of Rejection and Indemnification 

6A. 
 Chemicals
 and Hazardous Substances 

7. 
 Force
 Majeure 

8. 
 Confidentiality 

9. 
 Term
 and Termination 

10. 
 Compliance,
 Sustainability 

l0A. 
 Supplier
 Performance 

11. 
 Governing
 Law, Venue 

12. 
 Patents 

13. 
 Miscellaneous 

1.12 Annex
 1 to the Agreement shall be replaced in its entirety by Annex 1 hereto. 

1.13 Annex
 2 to the Agreement shall be replaced in its entirety by Annex 2 hereto. 

1.14 Annex
 3 hereto shall be inserted into the Agreement as Annex 3 and form an integral
 part of the Agreement. 

1.15 Annex
 4 hereto shall be inserted into the Agreement as Annex 4 and form an integral
 part of the Agreement. 

8 /14 

Portions
 of this Exhibit have been redacted pursuant to a request for confidential treatment under
 Rule 24b-2 of the General Rules and Regulations under the Securities Exchange Act of
 1934. Omitted information, marked [ ] in this Exhibit, has been filed separately
 with the Securities and Exchange Commission together with such request for confidential
 treatment. 

Confidential 

2. EFFECTIVE
 DATE 

This
Amendment shall come into force and effect retroactively as of December 1, 2021. 

3. MISCELLANEOUS 

3.1 Except
 as expressly provided in this Amendment, the parties agree that the Agreement will remain
 unchanged and in full force and effect. 

3.2 No
 provision of this Amendment may be modified or amended except expressly by written amendment
 of this document signed by the parties. Any waiver of the written form requirement must
 be made in writing to be valid. The parties agree that electronic signatures as defined
 in Regulation (EU) 910/2014 shall have the same legal force and effect as original signatures. 

3.3 The
 invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of this Amendment will not affect the
 validity or enforceability of the validity of the Amendment as a whole, unless the invalid
 or unenforceable provisions are so essential to the Amendment that it is reasonable to
 assume that the parties would not have concluded the Amendment without these provisions.
 If the invalid or unenforceabJe provision cannot be replaced by a statutory provision,
 it shall be replaced by a provision which reflects the concordant will of the parties.
 The corresponding shall apply in the event of an omission. 

-
SIGNATURES ON NEXT PAGE- 

9 /14 

Portions
 of this Exhibit have been redacted pursuant to a request for confidential treatment under
 Rule 24b-2 of the General Rules and Regulations under the Securities Exchange Act of
 1934. Omitted information, marked [ ] in this Exhibit, has been filed separately
 with the Securities and Exchange Commission together with such request for confidential
 treatment. 

Confidential 

Penzberg, 
 October 12, 2022 
 
 Penzberg, 
 September 28, 2022 

Roche Diagnostics GmbH 

i.V. 
 
 i.V. 

/s/
 Andrea Elsner 
 
 /s/
 Anna Bossert 

Andrea Elsner 
 
 Anna Bossert 
 
 Senior Sourcing Manager 
 
 Legal Counsel 

Romeoville, IL, February
 8, 2023 

Nanophase Technologies Corporation 

/s/
 Jess Jankowski 

Jess
 Jankowski 
 President
 and CEO 

10 /14 

Portions
of this Exhibit have been redacted pursuant to a request for confidential treatment under Rule 24b-2 of the General Rules and
Regulations under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Omitted information, marked [ ] in this Exhibit, has been
filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission together with such request for confidential treatment. 

Confidential 

Annex
1: Product Specifications 

Specification 

[ ] 

 [ ] 

ldent-No.
[ ] 

Only valid for supplier 

Formula; [ ] 

Molar Mass: [ ] 

Parameter 
 Range/ value 

Appearance 
 red to black cristalline powder 

Purity 
 > 98 

[ } 
 [ ] 

[ ] 

Specific surface area! (BET) 

[ ] 

Average particle size 

> 98 

Content 

[ ] 

Filling weight 

Packaging 
 filled
 in two round bottom 
 single
 plastic sack, one 
 sack
 inserted in another sack 
 con-es1>0nds 

Delivery
 according to Roche purchase order 
 (Vendor
 mat. no. according to Roche 
 purchase
 order text) 

Contents
correspond to previous version 

[
 }yes [x] no [ ] new version 

Reason
for change: 

 Modification
of template to master specification, 

 Addition
of parameter reference to Roche purchase order . 

Diagnostics
Operations Penzherg-Quality Control 

 Roche
Life Science 

This
specification is a computer printout and has therefor: not been signed by hand. 

Print
 Date: 28-Jun-2021 08:08:38 (UTC) 
 Print
 Comment 
 Title:
 A_SPEC_12208652_SUPPLY_EY 
 Version:
 08 
 Confidentiality
 Confidential 
 Status: Effective 

Document
 2. Supply 000000000000ID04029001157 
 Valid
 No:11-Nov-2019 16.24.37 (UTC) 
 Content
 Page 1 (1) 

11 /14 

Portions
of this Exhibit have been redacted pursuant to a request for confidential treatment under Rule 24b-2 of the General Rules and
Regulations under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Omitted information, marked [ ] in this Exhibit, has been
filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission together with such request for confidential treatment. 

Confidential 

Annex2 

[OMITTED] 

12 /14 

Portions
of this Exhibit have been redacted pursuant to a request for confidential treatment under Rule 24b-2 of the General Rules and
Regulations under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Omitted information, marked [ ] in this Exhibit, has been
filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission together with such request for confidential treatment. 

Annex
3 Performance Review Report Template 

PERFORMANCE
 REVIEW REPORT 

REPORT 

Performance
 Requirement 
 Description 
 Instructions 
 
 Capacity 
 Stipulated
 capacity requirements 
 1.
 Populate table(s) provided in this PRR, and provide supporting documentation where applicable, to prove supplier
 can meet capacity obligations. 
 
 Safety
 Stock 
 Stipulated
 safety stock requirements. 
 1.
 Provide report per template in this PRR. 
 
 Delivery 
 Stipulated
 delivery performance requirements from Roche of Supplier, including OTIF and PO management 
 1.
 Provide the OTIF performance for all supplied materials during the last twelve (12) calendar quarters. 
 
 Quality 
 Stipulated
 acceptable quality metrics agreed upon by Supplier and Roche. 
 1.
 Provide overview of relevant quality performance criteria (e.g. SCARs, NCRs, etc.) 

13 /14 

Portions
of this Exhibit have been redacted pursuant to a request for confidential treatment under Rule 24b-2 of the General Rules and
Regulations under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Omitted information, marked [ ] in this Exhibit, has been
filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission together with such request for confidential treatment. 

Annex
4: PCAR Template 

PERFORMANCE
 CORRECTIVE ACTION REQUEST 

Performance
 Issue 
 [completed
 by Roche] 
 Root
 Cause 
 Corrective
 Action 
 [completion
 date] 
 Preventative
 Action 
 [completion
 date] 
 Person
 Responsible at Supplier 
 Status
 as of Expected Completion Date R/Y/G 
 If
 G Status: 
 No
 Action Required 
 Define
 Compliance Plan to Measure Effectiveness of Corrective Action 
 
 1.
 Performance Issue description 
 1.
 Root Cause Driver 1 - using the dashboard root cause analysis details, explain the first
 root cause driver for poor performance 
 1.
 Explain corrective I action
to be taken for root cause driver 1. above 
 1.
 Explain preventative action to be taken for root cause driver 1. above to ensure this issue does not happen again 

1.
 Performance Issue description 
 2.
 Root Cause Driver 2 - using the dashboard root cause analysis details, explain the second
 root cause driver for poor performance 
 2.
 Explain corrective action to be taken for root cause driver 2. above 

1.
 Performance Issue description 
 3.
 Root Cause Driver 3 - using the dashboard root cause analysis details, explain the third
 root cause driver for poor performance 
 3.
 Explain corrective action to be taken for root cause driver 3. above 

14 /14 

</EX-10.22>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 ex21-1.htm
 SUBSIDIARY OF THE COMPANY

Nanophase Technologies Corporation 10-K 

 Exhibit
21.1 

SUBSIDIARY
OF NANOPHASE TECHNOLOGIES CORPORATION 

(as
of December 31, 2022) 

Name 
 Jurisdiction of Formation 

Sol sence, LLC 
 Delaware 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 ex23-1.htm
 CONSENT OF RSM US LLP

Nanophase Technologies Corporation 10-K 

 Exhibit
23.1 

Consent
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

We
consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements (No. s 333-53445, No. 333-74170, No. 333-119466,
No. 333-150765, No. 333-187649, and No. 333-255357) on Form S-8 and Registration Statements (No. 333-90326, No. 333-112130, No.
333-116224, No. 333-140461, No. 333-143153, and No. 333-163363) on Form S-3 of Nanophase Technologies Corporation of our report
dated March 29, 2023, relating to the consolidated financial statements of Nanophase Technologies Corporation, appearing in this
Annual Report on Form 10-K of Nanophase Technologies Corporation for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

/s/ RSM US LLP 

Schaumburg, Illinois 

March 29, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 ex31-1.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

Nanophase Technologies Corporation 10-K 

 Exhibit
31.1 

Certification
of the Chief Executive Officer 
 Pursuant to 

 Rules
13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Exchange Act 

I,
Jess A. Jankowski, certify that: 

1. I
have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Nanophase Technologies Corporation; 

2. Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect
to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented
in this report; 

4. The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and
procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15(d)-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such
evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially
affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons
performing the equivalent function): 

(a) All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

(b) Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 29, 2023 

/s/ 
 JESS
 A. JANKOWSKI 

Jess A. Jankowski 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 ex31-2.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER

Nanophase Technologies Corporation 10-K 

 Exhibit
31.2 

Certification
of the Chief Financial Officer 
 Pursuant to 

 Rules
13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Exchange Act 

I,
Jess Jankowski, certify that: 

1. I
have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Nanophase Technologies Corporation; 

2. Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect
to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented
in this report; 

4. The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and
procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15(d)-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such
evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially
affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons
performing the equivalent function): 

(a) All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

(b) Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 29, 2023 

/s/ 
 JESS
 A. JANKOWSKI 

Jess A. Jankowski 

President, Chief Executive Officer,
 and Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal
Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 7
 ex32.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF THE CEO AND CFO

Nanophase Technologies Corporation 10-K 

 Exhibit
32 

Certification
Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 

 (as
adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002) 

In
connection with this annual report of Nanophase Technologies Corporation (the Company on Form 10-K for the year
ending December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I,
Jess A. Jankowski, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted
pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge: 

1. The
Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations
of the Company. 

Date:
 March 29, 2023 

/s/ 
 JESS
 A. JANKOWSKI 

Jess
 A. Jankowski 

President,
 Chief Executive Officer, and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 nanx-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 nanx-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 nanx-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 nanx-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

