<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230316_10-K_edgar_data_1365916_0001365916-23-000023.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>18885138</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>425071</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2965387</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>6427001</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4760472</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3977032</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001365916-23-000023.hdr.sgml : 20230316
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230316171918
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001365916-23-000023
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		159
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230316
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230316

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			AMYRIS, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001365916
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	INDUSTRIAL ORGANIC CHEMICALS [2860]
		IRS NUMBER:				550856151
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-34885
		FILM NUMBER:		23739836

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5885 HOLLIS STREET, SUITE 100
		CITY:			EMERYVILLE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94608
		BUSINESS PHONE:		510-450-0761

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5885 HOLLIS STREET, SUITE 100
		CITY:			EMERYVILLE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94608

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	AMYRIS BIOTECHNOLOGIES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20060613

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001365916-23-000023.txt : 20230316

10-K
 1
 amrs-20221231.htm
 10-K

amrs-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 ____________________________________________________ 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 OR TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the transition period from ____ to ____ 
 
 Commission File Number: 
 ____________________________________________________ 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, , , 
 (Address of principal executive offices and Zip Code) 
 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class 
 Trading symbol(s) 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 
 None 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See definitions of large accelerated filer , accelerated filer , smaller reporting company , and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the registrant s common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of June 30, 2022, the last business day of the registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter, was million based upon the closing price of the registrant s common stock reported for such date on the Nasdaq Global Select Market. 
 Number of shares of the registrant s common stock outstanding as of March 14, 2023: 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

AMYRIS, INC. 
 
 FORM 10-K 
 FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 PART I 
 Item 1. 
 Business 
 1 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 9 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 36 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 37 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 37 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 37 
 PART II 
 Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 38 
 Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 40 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 40 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 45 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 47 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 102 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 102 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 104 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 104 
 PART III 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 105 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 105 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 105 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 105 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 105 
 PART IV 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedule 
 106 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 106 

Forward-Looking Statements 
 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K other than statements of historical fact, including any projections of financing needs, revenue, expenses, earnings or losses from operations, or other financial items; any statements of the plans, strategies and objectives of management for future operations; any statements concerning product research, development and commercialization plans and timelines; any statements regarding expected production capacities, volumes and costs; any statements regarding anticipated benefits of our products and expectations for commercial relationships; any other statements of expectation or belief; and any statements of assumptions underlying any of the foregoing, are forward-looking statements. The words "believe," "may," "will," "estimate," "continue," "anticipate," "predict," "intend," "expect," and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements, but are not the exclusive means of identifying such statements. We have based these forward-looking statements largely on our current expectations and projections about future events and trends that we believe may affect our financial condition, results of operations, business strategy, short-term and long-term business operations and objectives, and financial needs. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks, uncertainties and assumptions, including those described in Part I, Item 1A, "Risk Factors" in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Moreover, we operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment. New risks emerge from time to time. It is not possible for our management to predict all risks, nor can we assess the impact of all factors on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements we may make. In light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, the future events and trends discussed in this Annual Report on Form 10-K may not occur, and actual results could differ materially and adversely from those anticipated or implied in the forward-looking statements contained herein. 
 
 We undertake no obligation to revise or publicly release the results of any revision to these forward-looking statements, except as required by law. Given these risks and uncertainties, readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. 
 
 Unless expressly indicated or the context requires otherwise, the terms "Amyris," the "Company," "we," "us," and "our" in this Annual Report on Form 10-K refer to Amyris, Inc., a Delaware corporation, and, where appropriate, its consolidated entities. 

PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 
 Overview 
 
 Amyris is a biotechnology company delivering sustainable, science-based ingredients and consumer products that are better than incumbent options for people and the planet. To accelerate the world s transition to sustainable consumption, we create, manufacture, and commercialize consumer products and ingredients that reach more than 300 million consumers. The largest component of the Company's revenue is derived from marketing and selling Clean Beauty, Personal Care, and Health Wellness consumer products through our direct-to-consumer e-commerce platforms and a growing network of retail partners. Our proprietary sustainable ingredients are sold in bulk to industrial leaders who serve Flavor Fragrance (F F), Nutrition, Food Beverage, and Clean Beauty Personal Care end markets. 
 
 The ingredients and consumer products we produce are powered by our Lab-to-Market TM technology platform. This technology platform creates a portfolio connection between our proprietary science and formulation expertise, manufacturing capability at industrial scale, and expertise in commercializing high performance, sustainable products that give consumers the power to choose products that benefit the planet. Our technology platform offers advantages to traditional methods of sourcing similar ingredients (such as petrochemistry, unsustainable agricultural practices, and extraction from organisms). These advantages include, but are not limited to, renewable and ethical sourcing of raw materials, less resource-intensive production, minimal impact on sensitive ecosystems, enhanced purity and safety profiles, less vulnerability to climate disruption, and improved supply chain resilience. We combine molecular biology and genetic engineering to produce sustainable materials that are scarce or endangered resources in nature. We leverage state-of-the-art machine learning, robotics, and artificial intelligence, which enable our technology platform to rapidly bring new innovation to market. 
 
 Our state-of-the-art infrastructure includes industry-leading strain engineering and lab automation located in Emeryville, California; pilot-scale production facilities in Emeryville and Campinas, Brazil; a demonstration-scale facility in Campinas; a commercial scale production facility in Leland, North Carolina (which is part of our Aprinnova joint venture); and a commercial scale production facility in the State of Sao Paolo, Brazil. A wide variety of feedstocks for precision fermentation exists but we source Brazilian sugarcane for our large-scale production because of its supply resilience, renewability, low cost, and relative price stability. As of December 31, 2022, we have commissioned three lines of our new purpose-built, large-scale precision fermentation facility in Brazil, which we anticipate will accommodate the manufacturing of up to five products concurrently. We expect to commission the remaining lines in 2023. Pending full commissioning of the new facility, we continue to manufacture our products at manufacturing sites, some of which are third party, in Brazil, the United States, and Europe. 
 
 Consumer Revenue 
 
 We began 2022 with eight consumer brands, Biossance clean beauty skincare, JVN TM haircare, Rose Inc. TM clean color cosmetics, Pipette clean baby skincare, Costa Brazil luxury skincare, OLIKA TM clean wellness, Purecane TM zero-calorie sweetener, and Terasana clean skincare. During 2022, we added MenoLabs TM , a brand focused on healthy living and menopause wellness, EcoFabulous TM clean beauty for Gen-Z consumers, and Stripes TM (peri)menopausal wellness; and prepared to discontinue the Terasana business. In the first quarter of 2023, we launched 4U by Tia TM , a new clean haircare line exclusively available in Walmart. 
 
 We have various retail partnerships associated with our consumer business including Sephora, Target, Amazon, and Walmart. We also partner with various brand ambassadors who share our vision for a sustainable future to build awareness of the chemistry that backs our consumer brands and to build brand recognition, including Reese Witherspoon for Biossance, Jonathan Van Ness for Biossance and JVN haircare, Rosie Huntington-Whiteley for Rose Inc., Naomi Watts for Stripes, and Tia Mowry for 4U by Tia. We have used equity, royalty, or consulting arrangements to remunerate these ambassadors for their engagement with our brands. 
 
 Ingredients License Revenue 
 
 We partner with leaders in the broader ingredients sector to bring our unique, sustainably-sourced ingredients to market. Through these partnerships, we realize the market potential of our ingredients by leveraging their large go-to-market footprint, commercial relationships, and formulation capability. We have active partnerships with Koninklijke DSM N.V. (DSM) for our 
 1 

F F portfolio, Ingredion Incorporated (Ingredion) for Reb M, Yifan Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (Yifan) for vitamins, MF 92 VENTURES LLC (Minerva) for the sustainable production and distribution of products in the recombinant protein segment, and ImmunityBio (ImmunityBio) for COVID-19 vaccines. 
 
 In 2017, we monetized the use of one of our mature molecules in certain fields of use by licensing farnesene to DSM. We also sold to DSM our subsidiary, Amyris Brasil Ltda., which owned and operated a biofuel-oriented manufacturing facility in Brotas, Brazil that manufactures farnesene. On March 31, 2021, we entered into a license agreement and asset purchase agreement pursuant to which DSM acquired exclusive rights to our F F product portfolio, which included intellectual property licenses and the assignment of related supply agreements, for upfront consideration of 150 million, and up to 235 million of contingent consideration if certain commercial milestones are achie ved between 2022 and 2024 (for payout in 2023 through 2025). We also entered into a 15-year agreement to manufacture certain F F ingredients for DSM for supply to third parties. 
 
 In the second quarter of 2018, we successfully demonstrated our industrial process at full-scale to produce a high-purity, zero-calorie sweetener derived from sugarcane, and in the fourth quarter of 2018, we were notified by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) that we received its Generally Recognized As Safe (GRAS) designation concurrence and began producing commercial quantities of Reb M. Our Reb M is produced from sugarcane, making it more sustainable and cost efficient than other natural sweeteners, and we believe its profile provides advantages in taste and total process economics for blends and formulations. In June 2021, we entered into an intellectual property license agreement with PureCircle Limited (PureCircle), a subsidiary of Ingredion, whereby we (i) granted certain intellectual property licenses to PureCircle to make, have made, commercialize, and advance the development of sustainably sourced, zero-calorie, nature-based sweeteners and potentially other types of fermentation-based ingredients, as the exclusive global business-to-business commercialization partner for our sugar reduction technology, (ii) entered into a product supply and profit sharing agreement to provide manufacturing services and products to PureCircle, and (iii) assigned and transferred certain customer contracts to PureCircle related to the sale and distribution of Reb M. We continue to own and market our Purecane consumer brand offering of tabletop and culinary sweetener products. As consideration for the license and product supply agreements, we received a 10 million license fee at closing and may receive additional payments of up to 35 million upon achievement of certain milestones related to Reb M sales and manufacturing cost targets. Additionally, under the product supply and profit sharing agreement, we will earn revenues from product sales to PureCircle and a profit share from future product sales, including RebM (alone or in a blended product), by PureCircle. 
 
 In the third quarter of 2018, we entered into a license and collaboration agreement with a subsidiary of Yifan, a leading Chinese pharmaceutical company. Collaboration and research and development work continue under two active licenses with a subsidiary of Yifan. 
 
 In March 2021, we entered into agreements, under which DSM acquired certain exclusive rights to our flavor and fragrance (F F) product portfolio an d an exclusive license to our F F intellectual property, and under which we agreed to manufacture F F ingredients for DSM for fifteen years. 
 
 Research and Development, Joint Ventures, and Collaborations Revenue 
 
 From time to time, we enter into joint ventures and collaborations with partners for the commercialization of our ingredients. For example, in 2016, we entered into a joint venture agreement with Nikko Chemicals Co., Ltd., an existing commercial partner of ours, and Nippon Surfactant Industries Co., Ltd., an affiliate of Nikko (collectively, Nikko) to focus on the worldwide commercialization of the Neossance cosmetic ingredients business. The joint venture was renamed Aprinnova, LLC. In December 2022, we entered into an agreement to purchase membership units of the Aprinnova joint venture from Nikko, which, upon closing will result in us owning 99 of the joint venture. See Note 16, Subsequent Events in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for developments regarding our Aprinnova joint venture subsequent to December 31, 2022. 
 
 In 2020, we formed a new entity, Clean Beauty Collaborative, with Rosie Huntington-Whiteley to collaborate in the development of a new line of cosmetic products leveraging the Rose Inc. brand and content platform and our bioengineered ingredients, including Squalane and Hemisqualane. In 2021, Rose Inc. launched its first collection of clean cosmetics and skincare products. 
 
 In 2021, we entered into a joint venture agreement with ImmunityBio, a clinical-stage immunotherapy company, for the development of vaccines. In connection with entering into license and product supply agreements with PureCircle in June 2021 as described above, Ingredion purchased a minority membership interest in Amyris RealSweet LLC (RealSweet), our subsidiary, which owns the new precision fermentation facility in Brazil. 
 
 We also work with committed long-term collaboration partners who are leaders in their respective sectors. These partners provide rapid access to large-scale volumes, expertise regarding current ingredient demand, and an understanding of costs and 
 2 

other specifications that support market adoption. These partnerships assist us in ensuring market fit, technology need, and scale. Our partners access our Lab-to-Market technology platform and industrial fermentation expertise to reduce environmental impact, enhance performance, reduce supply and price volatility, and improve costs. Our partners include F F companies such as Firmenich S.A. (Firmenich) and Givaudan International, SA (Givaudan), nutrition companies such as DSM and Yifan, and food ingredient companies such as Ingredion. We have also worked closely with the U.S. government, including the U.S. Department of Energy and the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA). 
 
 Technology 
 
 Our Lab-to-Market technology platform utilizes highly optimized and automated molecular biology, analytical, and process development tools combined with machine learning algorithms and statistical models to transform the way microbes metabolize sugars. Specifically, we engineer microbes, such as yeast, and use them as catalysts to convert sugar, through fermentation, into the chemicals used in our everyday lives. We believe that we are one of the first companies to apply microbial engineering towards the manufacturing of a wide range of molecules with commercial applications. Over the last decade, this has required significant, targeted investment in our research and development capabilities. To date, we have successfully scaled up 15 molecules with multiple molecules in development. This investment has also resulted in the development of a suite of strains capable of producing greater than 250 molecules across 15 chemical classes. 
 
 In addition to investment of our own funds, we have also been awarded multiple grants from the U.S. government. These funds have been used to develop our Lab-to-Market technology platform comprised of highly optimized strain and process development methods, sophisticated machine learning algorithms and statistical models, and proprietary robotic tools. 
 
 We built our Lab-to-Market technology platform based on commercial and technological considerations. A few of the commercial considerations that impact our molecule selection are: 
 
 Our core activities in Clean Beauty Personal Care and Health Wellness; 
 Industries or commercial opportunities where our technology can deliver the best performance, sustainability profile and value, in accordance with our No Compromise commitment; and 
 Economic opportunities based on either the size of the total addressable market or the ability of our formulation to disrupt the market. 
 
 Certain technological considerations impact our molecule development selection such as our ability to: 
 
 Leverage our existing technology platform in new ways based on prior learnings relating to metabolic pathways and chemical properties; 
 Amplify value by differentiating new applications; 
 Match new chemical classes with new end markets; and 
 Valorize fermentation process and other agricultural waste streams. 
 
 Strain Engineering 
 
 Researchers around the world are continuously learning how the complex biological processes in organisms work. We believe that the best method for development of commercially viable strains is to test as many hypotheses as accurately and quickly as possible to accelerate this learning process. Our proprietary Lab-to-Market technology platform allows us to design, build, and analyze thousands of strains in a single experiment, thereby enabling us to test thousands of hypotheses simultaneously. Extensive automation across our pipeline has resulted in significant decreases in the average time and cost to engineer a manufacturing-ready strain. In total, we have had an exponential increase in the number of molecules in our pipeline in active development with relatively minimal increases in our yearly R D spend. 
 
 Importantly, through our lab-scale and pilot-plant fermentation operations and our proprietary analytical tools, we are now able to predict, with high reliability, the performance of candidate strains at industrial scale. 
 
 Process Development 
 
 In order to maximize the quantity and quality of products we produce, we have invested extensively in advanced capabilities (including prediction models and analytical tools), which include fermentation optimization and the development of scalable product isolation techniques which enable cost effective manufacturing. We have developed scalable manufacturing processes for a wide variety of product types, including insoluble liquids and solids, intracellular products, water soluble solids, and 
 3 

gaseous products. Recently developed products have required increasingly complex purification strains and stringent product purity requirements, yet the overall time to develop a scalable, cost-effective manufacturing process has decreased due to a combination of increased automation and experience. 
 
 Upscaling and Commercialization 
 
 Microbial engineering can be unpredictable, and successful commercialization depends heavily on expertise in process scale-up and manufacturing. We have successfully scaled up and commercially manufactured 15 distinct molecules included in thousands of leading global brands. Our process development and technology transfer expertise results in accelerated speed to market, lower overall product development costs, and a significantly lower risk profile for any project we undertake. Strains and fermentation processes must be efficiently optimized to enable cost-effective production; downstream recovery and purification processes must be identified and streamlined to achieve appropriate product purity and maximize facility throughput; and all unit operations must be tested for performance in appropriate scaled-down models before they are implemented at commercial scale manufacturing facilities. Our unique infrastructure to support this scale-up process includes hundreds of lab-scale fermentors (0.25 to 2 liter) and pilot plants in our facilities in Emeryville, California and Campinas, Brazil, both of which are equipped with a wide range of downstream processing unit operations. In addition, five years of experience owning and operating the 1,200,000-liter production facility in Brotas, Brazil (sold in late 2017) enabled us to refine these scaled-down systems to mimic the commercial scale fermentation and recovery tools so that our findings may translate predictably from lab- and pilot-scale to commercial scale. 
 
 Manufacturing 
 
 We are currently manufacturing our ingredients using our newly constructed plant at Barra Bonita, Brazil and a strategic network of contract manufacturers in Brazil, the United States and Europe. Until December 2017, we owned and operated a biofuel-oriented production facility located in Brotas, Brazil, which we sold to DSM because it was no longer a strategic fit with our portfolio. We subsequently entered into a supply agreement with DSM to purchase intermediate product from the Brotas facility. 
 
 We are currently operating and finalizing commissioning of our new, multi-line specialty ingredients manufacturing facility in Barra Bonita, Brazil. The first three production lines were finalized and operational by the second half of 2022, with initial production commencing in June 2022. Once fully commissioned, this facility will enable us to manufacture up to five products concurrently. In May 2022, we acquired Interfaces, a manufacturing facility for the scale up and development of our formulas and the production of our clean beauty products in the State of Sao Paulo, Brazil. 
 
 For many of our products, we perform additional distillation or finishing steps to convert initial target molecules into other finished products. We have a manufacturing facility in Leland, North Carolina through Aprinnova, our joint venture with Nikko, to convert our Biofene into Squalane and other final products. See above under "Research and Development, Joint Ventures, and Collaborations RevenSue" for more information regarding our Aprinnova joint venture. 
 
 Product Distribution and Sales 
 
 We distribute and sell our sustainable consumer products to retailers and directly to consumers through online e-commerce websites. We distribute and sell our ingredients directly to distributors, formulators, collaboration partners, or through joint ventures, depending on the end market. Generally, our R D collaboration agreements include commercial terms, and sales are contingent upon achievement of technical and/or commercial milestones. 
 
 The table below shows our revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022: 
 
 (In thousands) Renewable Products Licenses and Royalties Collaborations, Grants and Other Total Revenue DSM (related party) 18,172 31,781 3,994 53,947 All other customers 204,151 653 11,096 215,900 Total revenue 222,323 32,434 15,090 269,847 
 
 4 

Intellectual Property 
 
 Our success depends in large part upon our ability to obtain and maintain proprietary protection for our products and technologies and to operate without infringing on the proprietary rights of others. Our policy is to protect our proprietary position by, among other methods, filing for patent applications on inventions that are important to the development and conduct of our business with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office and its foreign counterparts. We seek to avoid infringement by monitoring patents and publications in our product areas and technologies to be aware of developments that may affect our business, and to the extent we identify such developments, evaluate and take appropriate courses of action. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 689 issued U.S. and foreign patents and 347 pending U.S. and foreign patent applications that are owned or co-owned by or licensed to us. We also use other forms of protection (such as trademark, copyright, and trade secret) to protect our intellectual property, particularly where we do not believe patent protection is appropriate or obtainable. We aim to take advantage of all of the intellectual property rights that are available to us and believe that this comprehensive approach provides us with a strong proprietary position. 
 
 Patents extend for varying periods according to the date of patent filing or grant, and the legal term of patents in various countries where patent protection is obtained. The actual protection afforded by patents, which can vary from country to country, depends on the type of patent, the scope of its coverage and the availability of legal remedies in the country. 
 
 We further protect our proprietary information by requiring our employees, consultants, contractors, and other advisers to execute nondisclosure and assignment of invention agreements upon commencement of their respective employment or engagement. Agreements with our employees also prevent them from bringing the proprietary rights of third parties to us. We also require confidentiality or material transfer agreements from third parties that receive our confidential data or materials. 
 
 Trademarks 
 
 Amyris, the Amyris logo, Biofene, Biossance, Costa Brazil, EcoFabulous, Hemisqualane, JVN, Lab-to-Market, Menolabs, No Compromise, OLIKA, Pipette, Purecane, Rose Inc., Stripes, and Terasana are trademarks or registered trademarks of Amyris, Inc. or its subsidiaries. This report also contains trademarks and trade names of other businesses that are the property of their respective holders. 
 
 Competition 
 
 We expect that our products will compete with products produced from traditional sources as well as from alternative production methods (including the intellectual property underlying such methods) that established enterprises and new companies are seeking to develop and commercialize. We view our main competition to be from products that are based on traditional chemistries or are derived from non-sustainable sources that we are working to replace with our sustainable products. 
 
 Clean Beauty Personal Care 
 
 We develop and sell cosmetic ingredients and consumer products in the Clean Beauty Personal Care markets, creating a competitive landscape that includes ingredient suppliers, Clean Beauty Personal Care, and consumer goods companies. Most skincare ingredients are derived from plant and animal sources or created using chemical synthesis. Plant- and animal-sourced ingredients are often higher in cost, lower in purity, and have a greater impact on the environment versus our products. Products derived from chemical synthesis are often produced at a low cost but have ramifications on sustainability as well as non-natural sourcing. There are also companies that are working to develop products using similar technology to us. 
 
 Health Wellness 
 
 Many active ingredients in the nutraceutical market are made via chemical synthesis by suppliers that have a deep chemistry know-how and production facilities, including ingredient suppliers. We may compete directly with these companies with respect to specific ingredients or attempt to provide customers with a natural alternative that is more cost-effective or higher performing than those derived from chemistry. For food ingredients, we also compete with companies that produce products from plant- and animal-derived sources as well as with companies that are also developing biotechnology production solutions to produce specific molecules. 
 
 Flavor Fragrance 
 
 5 

The main competition in the F F and cosmetic actives markets is from products derived from plant and animal sources as well as chemical synthesis. The products derived from plant and animal sources are typically produced at higher cost and lower purity, and create a greater impact on the environment compared to our products. Products derived from chemical synthesis are often produced at a low cost but may have ramifications on sustainability and on non-natural sourcing. There are also companies that are working to develop products using similar technology to us. 
 
 Competitive Factors 
 
 We believe the primary competitive factors in our target markets are: 
 
 product performance and other measures of quality; 
 product price; 
 product cost; 
 sustainability and social responsibility; 
 resilience in the ingredient supply value chain; 
 dependability of naturally supplied ingredients; and 
 infrastructure compatibility of products. 
 
 We believe that for our products to succeed in the market, we must demonstrate that they are comparable or better alternatives to existing products and to any alternative products that are being developed for the same markets based on some combination of performance, pricing, product cost, availability, and consumer preference characteristics. 
 
 Regulatory Matters 
 
 Environmental Regulations 
 
 Our development and production processes involve the use, generation, handling, storage, transportation, and disposal of hazardous chemicals and biological materials. We are subject to a variety of federal, state, local, and international laws, regulations and permit requirements governing the use, generation, manufacture, transportation, storage, handling, and disposal of these materials in the United States, Canada, Latin America (Brazil), Europe, the United Kingdom, China, and other countries where we operate or may operate or sell our products in the future. These laws, regulations, and permits can require expensive fees, pollution control equipment, or operational changes to limit actual or potential impact of our technology on the environment and violation of these laws could result in significant fines, civil sanctions, permit revocation, or costs from environmental remediation. We believe we are currently in substantial compliance with applicable environmental regulations and permitting. However, future developments including the commencement of, or changes in, the processes relating to commercial manufacturing of one or more of our products, more stringent environmental regulation, policies and enforcement, the implementation of new laws and regulations or the discovery of unknown environmental conditions may require expenditures that could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. 
 
 Genetically Modified Regulations 
 
 The use of genetically modified microorganisms (GMMs), such as our yeast strains, is subject to laws and regulations in many countries. In the United States, the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) regulates the commercial use of GMMs as well as potential industrial products produced from the GMMs. Various states within the United States could choose to regulate products made with GMMs as well. While the strain of genetically modified yeast that we use, S. cerevisiae, is eligible for exemption from EPA review because of its GRAS status, we must satisfy certain criteria to achieve this exemption, including but not limited to, use of compliant containment structures and safety procedures. In Brazil, GMMs are regulated by the National Biosafety Technical Commission (CTNBio) under its Biosafety Law No. 11.105-2005. We have obtained commercial approvals from CTNBio to use our GMMs in a contained environment in our Brazil facilities for research and development purposes, in manufacturing and at contract manufacturing facilities in Brazil. In Europe, we are subject to similar regulations. We have obtained approvals from Spain s Ministry of Environment for our production activities located in this country and may obtain additional national approvals. 
 
 6 

Chemical Regulations 
 
 Our renewable products may be subject to government regulations in our target markets. In the United States, the EPA administers the requirements of the Toxic Substances Control Act (TSCA), which regulates the commercial registration, distribution, and use of many chemicals. Before an entity can manufacture or distribute significant volumes of a chemical, it needs to determine whether that chemical is listed in the TSCA inventory. If the substance is listed, then manufacture or distribution can commence immediately. If not, then in most cases a Chemical Abstracts Service number registration and Pre-Manufacture Notice must be filed with the EPA, which has 90 days to review the filing. A similar requirement exists in Europe under the Registration, Evaluation, Authorization, and Restriction of Chemical Substances (REACH) regulation. For example, in 2013, the EPA registered farnesane as a new chemical substance under the TSCA, which enabled us to manufacture and sell Hemisqualane (Farnesane) without restriction in the United States. Subsequently, in 2016, Hemisqualane was similarly registered in Europe under REACH for manufacturing and sales. 
 
 Other Regulations 
 
 Certain of our current or emerging products in the Clean Beauty Personal Care, Health Wellness, and F F end markets, including alternative sweeteners, nutraceuticals, dietary supplements, F F ingredients, skincare ingredients, cosmetic actives, and our proposed cannabinoid products, are subject to regulation by either the FDA or the Drug Enforcement Administration or both, as well as similar agencies of states and foreign jurisdictions where these products are manufactured, sold, or proposed to be sold. Pursuant to the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (FDCA), the FDA regulates the processing, formulation, safety, manufacture, packaging, labeling, and distribution of food ingredients, vitamins, dietary supplements, and cosmetics. Generally, in order to be marketed and sold in the United States, a relevant product must have GRAS status or be pre-market approved and not adulterated or misbranded under the FDCA and relevant regulations issued thereunder. The FDA has broad authority to enforce the provisions of the FDCA applicable to food ingredients, vitamins, dietary supplements, drugs, and cosmetics, including powers to issue a public warning letter to a company, to publicize information about non-compliant products, to request a recall of illegal products from the market, and to request the U.S. Department of Justice to initiate a seizure action, an injunction action, or a criminal prosecution in U.S. courts. Failure to obtain requisite approval from, or comply with the laws and regulations of, the FDA or similar agencies of states and applicable foreign jurisdictions could prevent us from fully commercializing certain of our products. Our proposed cannabinoid products may also be subject to regulation under various federal, state, and foreign-controlled substance laws and regulations. 
 
 In addition, certain of our direct-to-consumer products are now subject to the Modernization of Cosmetics Regulation Act of 2022. Cosmetic products are regulated by or under the FDA s oversight. Also, our direct-to-consumer products are subject to the regulations of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission (FTC) and similar agencies of states and foreign jurisdictions where these products are sold or proposed to be sold regarding the advertising of such products. In recent years, the FTC has instituted numerous enforcement actions against companies for failure to have adequate substantiation for claims made in advertising or for the use of false or misleading advertising claims. The FTC has broad authority to enforce its laws and regulations applicable to cosmetics, including the ability to institute enforcement actions which often result in consent decrees, injunctions, and the payment of civil penalties by the companies involved. Failure to comply with the laws and regulations of the FTC or similar agencies of states and applicable foreign jurisdictions could impair our ability to market our direct-to-consumer products. 
 
 Human Capital 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 1,598 full-time employees, of whom 1,046 were in the United States, 352 were in Brazil, 73 were in Portugal, and 127 were in the United Kingdom. Except for labor union representation and collective bargaining agreements for Brazil-based employees based on labor code requirements in Brazil, none of our employees are represented by a labor union or covered by a collective bargaining agreement. We have never experienced any employment-related work stoppages and consider relations with our employees to be good. Our human capital resources objectives include identifying, recruiting, retaining, incentivizing, and integrating our existing and additional employees. The principal purposes of our equity incentive plans are to attract, retain, and motivate selected employees and consultants through the granting of stock-based compensation awards and, with respect to selected employees, cash-based performance bonus awards. 
 
 Diversity, Equity, Inclusion, and Belonging 
 
 We are committed to enhancing the diversity of our workforce and promoting a culture of acceptance and equality, diversity equity, inclusion, and belonging throughout the organization. Our board of directors (Board) believes that human capital management, including diversity, equity, inclusion, and belonging (DEIB) initiatives, are important to our success. We conduct an employee engagement survey on an annual basis, and the results of these surveys are discussed with the Leadership, 
 7 

Development, Inclusion, and Compensation Committee of the Board, our Vice President of DEIB and the executive leadership team in order to inform our global diversity strategy. 
 
 A Diverse Workforce: Our diversity makes us stronger. We believe diversity increases innovation, creativity, and strategic thinking because teams of people who come from different backgrounds can draw upon their unique experiences and a wider range of knowledge to spark new, collaborative, and innovative ideas. 
 
 Promoting Inclusion: We promote employee resource groups (ERGs), which are employee-led groups whose aim is to foster a diverse, and inclusive workplace by creating safe spaces for employees who share common interests and identities to meet and support each other in building community and a sense of belonging. ERGs increase employee engagement, professional development, and retention, which ultimately creates a more equitable and inclusive company culture. 
 
 Equal Pay for Equal Work: Equitable pay is a competitive advantage, and we believe in compensating our employees fairly and equitably, regardless of ethnicity, gender, disability, orientation, or other status, while considering individual performance, employees prior experience, and education. We have instituted practices to ensure salary transparency, as our management is guided on the principle of pay equity, and our compensation structures by job level and geographical market are available to all employees. 
 
 Health and Safety 
 
 Safety is one of our core values, which means that maintaining a safe and healthy work environment for our people, as well as our communities, resources, and planet, is our highest priority. We have a Safety Committee that is responsible for developing, promoting, and maintaining safety policies and procedures. We provide customized environmental health and safety training, carry out regular facility audits, assist employees with risk assessments, promote responsible and sustainable waste management practices, provide recommended personal protective equipment, and offer a robust ergonomics program in compliance with the California Division of Occupational Health and Safety and the California Department of Public Health. 
 
 The global COVID-19 pandemic caused us to take both a short-term and a long-term view of environmental, social, and governance risks and opportunities. Since early 2020, we closely monitored the impact of the global COVID-19 pandemic on all aspects of our business, including the impact on our employees, partners, supply chain, and distribution network. Since the start of the pandemic, we developed a comprehensive response strategy including establishing a cross-functional COVID-19 Task Force, and have applied recommended public health strategies to manage and prevent the spread of COVID-19 among our employees and operations. The COVID-19 pandemic raised the bar on the implementation of business continuity plans to manage the impact future pandemics and any other potential emergency scenarios have on our employees and our business. We successfully managed to sustain ongoing critical production campaigns and infrastructure throughout the pandemic and additionally through several severe weather events such as Hurricane Ian. 
 
 Corporate Information 
 
 We were originally incorporated in California in 2003 under the name Amyris Biotechnologies, Inc. and then reincorporated in Delaware in 2010 under the name of Amyris, Inc. Our principal executive offices are located at 5885 Hollis Street, Suite 100, Emeryville, California 94608, and our telephone number is (510) 450-0761. Our common stock is listed on The Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol "AMRS." 
 
 Available Information 
 
 Our website address is www.amyris.com. Our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and other reports filed pursuant to Sections 13(a) and 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act), as well as amendments thereto, are filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and are available free of charge on our website at investors.amyris.com promptly after such reports are available on the SEC's website. We may use our investors.amyris.com website as a means of disclosing material non-public information and complying with our disclosure obligations under Regulation FD. 
 
 The SEC maintains an internet site that contains reports, proxy, information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC at www.sec.gov. 
 
 The information contained in or accessible through our website or contained on other websites is not incorporated into this filing. Further, any references to URLs contained in this report are intended to be inactive textual references only. 
 8 

9 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 
 Risk Factors Summary 
 
 Our business faces material risks. In addition to this summary below, you should carefully review the risk factors enumerated in the Risk Factors section immediately following this "Risk Factors Summary" section. We may be subject to additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial. Our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects could be materially adversely affected by any of these risks, and the trading price of our common stock could decline by virtue of these risks. 
 
 Business and Operational Risks 
 
 Global economic slowdown, geopolitical and COVID-19 impacts on our business and operations; 
 Our ability to ship our products on time, without cost exposure or delays; 
 Our ability to scale and manage operations; 
 Our reliance on contract manufacturers to meet our regulatory requirements, production and delivery goals; 
 Our ability to generate revenue through existing and future customers, distributors and collaboration partners; 
 Our ability to compete effectively; 
 Our ability to effectively integrate acquisitions; 
 Our ability to launch majority-owned consumer brands; 
 Our ability to ensure the safety of our products; 
 Our reliance on collaboration arrangements to fund development and commercialization of our products; 
 Our ability to manage the expansion of our international operations; and 
 Our ability to manage increasing impacts of climate change, severe weather events, natural disasters and pandemics. 
 
 Financial Risks 
 
 Our ability to generate sufficient cash to fund operations and service our debt; 
 Our ability to design and maintain effective internal controls; 
 Our ability to achieve or sustain profitability given our history of net losses and increased inflation rates; 
 Our ability to manage current, or our need to incur future, indebtedness which could impair our flexibility to pursue certain transactions and our ability to operate our business, as well as restrict access to additional capital; and 
 Variability of future financial results. 
 
 Regulatory, Intellectual Property, and Legal Risks 
 
 Regulatory risks relating to our use of genetically modified feedstocks and yeast strains to produce our products; 
 New regulations or changes in regulation relating to our existing or future products or use of customer data, as well as any costs incurred to comply with applicable regulations; 
 Our ability to obtain, maintain, protect, and enforce our intellectual property rights; and 
 Costs and resources required to manage litigation related to the development and commercialization of our products. 
 
 Risks Related to the Ownership of Our Common Stock 
 
 Volatility of our stock price; 
 The composition of our capital stock ownership with relevant insiders; and 
 Changes in government regulation relating to purchases of our common stock. 
 
 Risk Factors 
 
 Investing in our common stock involves risk. You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below, together with all of the other information set forth in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including the consolidated financial statements and related notes, which could materially affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, or growth prospects. If any of the following risks actually occurs, our business, financial condition, results of operations, and growth prospects could be materially and adversely harmed. The trading price of our common stock could decline due to any of these risks, and, as a result, you may lose all or part of your investment. 
 
 Business and Operational Risks 
 10 

Our business is currently adversely affected and could be materially adversely affected in the future by the inflationary impact on key commodities (e.g., sugar prices), recent and potential future impacts of the Ukraine conflict and the COVID-19 pandemic on our supply chain, manufacturing and commercialization activities and other business operations, as well as global economic slowdown which could negatively impact consumer spending and demand. 
 
 The COVID-19 pandemic, the ongoing conflict in Ukraine, rising inflation, and global economic slowdown have had, and are expected to continue to have, a negative impact on our global supply chain, cost structure, manufacturing and commercialization activities. Although we have experienced an increase in digital commerce and online purchasing, these macroeconomic effects have, and are expected to continue to have, an adverse effect on consumer spending and overall demand. In addition, if these external pressures impact the financial position of our customers, resale channel partners or any of our collaboration partners, we may have difficulty achieving our growth targets, collecting receivables or milestone and royalty payments, and our business and results of operations could be exposed to risks associated with uncollectible accounts or defaults on contractual payment obligations by our collaboration partners. The duration and severity of any further economic or market impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, the Ukraine conflict, inflation and other geopolitical and economic trends remain uncertain, and there can be no assurance that it will not have an adverse effect on our liquidity and capital resources, including our ability to access capital markets, in the future, on terms that are favorable to us, or at all. 
 
 A limited number of customers, distributors and collaboration partners account for a material portion of our revenues. The loss of major customers, distributors or collaboration partners could harm our operating results. 
 
 Our revenues have varied materially from quarter to quarter and are dependent on sales to, and collaborations with, a limited number of customers, distributors and/or collaboration partners. We cannot be certain that customers, distributors and/or collaboration partners that have accounted for material revenues in past periods, individually or as a group, will continue to generate similar revenues in any future period. If we fail to renew with, or if we lose, a major customer, distributor or collaboration partner, our revenues could decline if we are unable to replace the lost revenues with revenues from other sources. Furthermore, if we lose one or more of our distributors and cannot replace the distributor in a timely manner or at all, our business, results of operation and financial condition may be materially adversely affected. 
 
 We face challenges producing our products at commercial scale and at commercially viable cost, especially as we ramp up operations at our new precision fermentation facility, and we may not be able to commercialize our products to the extent necessary to make a profit or sustain and grow our current business. 
 
 To commercialize our products, we must be successful in using our yeast strains to produce target molecules at commercial scale or at a commercially viable cost. If we cannot achieve commercially viable production economics for enough products to support our business plan, including through establishing and maintaining sufficient production scale and volume, we will be unable to achieve a sustainable products business. Our production costs depend on many factors that could have a negative effect on our ability to offer our planned products at competitive prices, including, in particular, our ability to establish and maintain sufficient production scale and volume, feedstock costs, exchange rates (primarily the Brazil Real versus the U.S. Dollar) and contract manufacturing costs. 
 
 We face financial risk associated with scaling up production to reduce our production costs. To reduce per-unit production costs, we must increase production to achieve economies of scale and to be able to sell our products with positive margins. However, if we do not sell production output in a timely manner or in sufficient volumes, our investment in production will lead to higher working capital costs, which harm our cash position and could generate losses. Additionally, we may incur added storage costs and we may face issues related to the decrease in quality of our stored products as well as supply chain delays and disruptions, all of which can adversely affect the value of such products. Since achieving competitive product prices generally requires increased production volumes and our manufacturing operations and cash flows from sales are in their early stages, we have had to produce and sell products at a loss in the past, and may continue to do so as we build our business. If we are unable to achieve adequate revenues from a combination of product sales and other sources, we may not be able to invest in production and we may not be able to pursue our business plans. In addition, in order to attract potential collaboration or joint venture partners, or to meet payment milestones under existing or future collaboration agreements, we have in the past been, and may in the future be, required to guarantee or meet certain levels of production costs. If we are unable to reduce our production costs to meet such guarantees or milestones, our net cash flow will be further reduced. 
 
 If we are not able to successfully commence, scale up or sustain operations at existing and planned manufacturing facilities, our customer relationships, business and results of operations may be adversely affected. 
 
 11 

A substantial component of our planned production capacity in the near- and long-term depends on successful operations at our existing and potential large-scale production plants. In 2022, we completed construction of our new precision fermentation facility in Brazil, which we expect will allow us to manufacture up to five products concurrently, including our specialty ingredients portfolio and our zero calorie sweetener ingredient. We commenced operations of this factory in the first half of 2022 and had three (of five) production lines operational in the second half of 2022. However, there can be no assurances that we will be able to complete the commissioning of last two remaining production lines on our expected timeline, if at all. Delays or problems in the start-up or operation of such facilities could cause delays in our ramp-up of production and hamper our ability to reduce our production and logistics costs. Delays in construction can occur due to a variety of factors, including regulatory requirements, COVID-19-related factors, and our ability to fund construction and commissioning costs. 
 
 Once each production and purification line at this new facility is complete, we must successfully commission them, and they must perform as we expect. If we encounter significant delays in financing, cost overruns, engineering issues, contamination problems, equipment or raw material supply constraints, unexpected equipment maintenance requirements, safety issues, work stoppages or other serious challenges in bringing these facilities online and operating them at commercial scale, including as a result of the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic, we may be unable to produce our renewable products in the time frame and at the cost we have planned. It is difficult to predict the effects of scaling up production of industrial fermentation to commercial scale, as it involves various risks to the quality and consistency of our molecules. In addition, in order to produce molecules at existing and potential future plants, we have been and may in the future be required to perform thorough transition activities and modify the design of the plant. Any modifications to the production plant could cause complications in the operations of the plant, which could result in delays or failures in production. If we are unable to create or obtain additional manufacturing capacity necessary to meet existing and potential customer demand, we may need to continue to use, or increase our use of, contract manufacturing sources, which may not be available on terms acceptable to us, if at all, and generally entail greater cost to us and would therefore reduce our anticipated gross margins. Further, if our efforts to increase (or commence, as the case may be) production at the facilities are not successful, our partners may decide not to work with us to develop additional production facilities, demand more favorable terms or delay their commitment to invest capital in our production. If we are unable to create and sustain manufacturing capacity and operations sufficient to satisfy the existing and potential demand of our customers and partners, our business and results of operations may be adversely affected. 
 
 In addition, the production of our products at our purpose-built, large-scale precision fermentation facility requires large volumes of feedstock. For this facility in Brazil, we rely primarily on Brazilian sugarcane. While in certain cases we have entered into feedstock agreements with suppliers which we expect to supply the sugarcane feedstock necessary to produce our products at our facility in Brazil that specify the pricing, quantity and product specifications, we cannot predict the future availability or price of these various feedstocks, nor can we be sure that our mill partners will be able to supply it in sufficient quantities or in a timely manner, whether due to COVID-19 impacts or otherwise. Furthermore, to the extent we are required to rely on sugar feedstock other than Brazilian sugarcane, the cost of such feedstock may be higher than we expect, increasing our anticipated production costs. Feedstock crop yields and sugar content depend on weather conditions, such as rainfall and temperature. Weather conditions have historically caused volatility in the sugar industries by causing crop failures or reduced harvests. Excessive rainfall can adversely affect the supply of sugarcane and other sugar feedstock available for the production of our products by reducing the sucrose content and limiting growers' ability to harvest. Crop disease and pestilence can also occur from time to time and can adversely affect feedstock growth, potentially rendering useless or unusable all or a substantial portion of affected harvests. With respect to sugarcane, its seasonal availability and price, the limited amount of time during which it keeps its sugar content after harvest, and the fact that sugarcane is not itself a traded commodity, increase supply risks and limit our ability to substitute supply. If production of sugarcane or any other feedstock we may use to produce our products is adversely affected by these or other conditions, our production will be impaired, increasing costs to our operations and adversely affecting our business. 
 
 Our use of contract manufacturers exposes us to risks relating to costs, supply and delivery, and logistics, and loss or termination of contract manufacturing relationships could harm our ability to meet our production goals. 
 
 In addition to our production and purification facilities, we must commercially produce, process and manufacture our products through the use of contract manufacturers, and we anticipate that we will continue to use contract manufacturers for the foreseeable future. Establishing and operating contract manufacturing facilities requires us to make significant capital expenditures, which reduces our cash and places such capital at risk. Also, contract manufacturing agreements may contain terms that commit us to pay for capital expenditures and other costs and amounts incurred or expected to be earned by the plant operators and owners, which can result in contractual liability and losses for us even if we terminate a particular contract manufacturing arrangement or decide to reduce or stop production under such an arrangement. Further, we cannot be sure that contract manufacturers will be available when we need their services, that they will be willing to dedicate a portion of their capacity to our projects, or that we will be able to reach acceptable price, delivery and other terms with them for the provision of their production services. 
 12 

The locations of contract manufacturers can pose additional cost, logistics and feedstock challenges. If production capacity is available at a plant that is remote from usable chemical finishing or distribution facilities, or from customers, we will be required to incur additional expenses in shipping products to other locations. Such costs could include shipping costs, compliance with export and import controls, tariffs and additional taxes, among others. In addition, we may be required to use feedstock from a particular region for a given production facility. The feedstock available in such region may not be the least expensive or most effective feedstock for production, which could materially raise our overall production cost or reduce our product s quality until we are able to optimize the supply chain. 
 
 Moreover, we rely on contract manufacturers to produce and/or provide downstream processing of our products, and we anticipate that we will continue to use contract manufacturers for the foreseeable future. If we are unable to secure the services of contract manufacturers when and as needed, we may lose customer opportunities and the growth of our business may be impaired. If we shift priorities and adjust anticipated production levels (or cease production altogether) at contract manufacturing facilities, such adjustments or cessations could also result in disputes or otherwise harm our business relationships with contract manufacturers. In addition, reliance on external sources for our other target molecules could create a risk for us if a single source or a limited number of sources of manufacturing runs into operational issues, creating risk of loss of sales and profitability. Reducing or stopping production at one facility while increasing or starting up production at another facility generally results in significant losses of production efficiency, which can persist for significant periods of time. Also, in order for production to commence under our contract manufacturing arrangements, we generally must provide equipment for such operations, and we cannot be assured that such equipment can be ordered or installed on a timely basis, at acceptable costs, or at all. Further, in order to establish operations at new contract manufacturing facilities, we need to transfer our yeast strains and production processes from our labs to commercial plants controlled by third parties, which may pose technical or operational challenges that delay production or increase our costs. 
 
 Our ability to establish substantial commercial sales of our products is subject to many risks, any of which could prevent or delay revenue growth and adversely impact our customer relationships, business and results of operations. 
 
 There can be no assurance that our products will be approved or accepted by customers, including customers of our branded products, or that we will be able to sell our products profitably at prices and with features sufficient to establish demand. The potential customers for our products generally have well-developed manufacturing processes and arrangements with suppliers of the chemical components of their products and may have a resistance to changing these processes and components. These potential customers frequently impose lengthy and complex product qualification procedures on their suppliers, influenced by consumer preference, manufacturing considerations such as process changes and capital and other costs associated with transitioning to alternative components, supplier operating history, established business relationships and agreements, regulatory issues, product liability and other factors, many of which are unknown to, or not well understood by, us. Satisfying these processes may take many months. Similarly, customers of our branded products may have a resistance to accept our alternative compositions for such products. Additionally, we may be subject to product safety testing and may be required to meet certain regulatory and/or product safety standards. Meeting these standards can be a time-consuming and expensive process, and we may invest substantial time and resources into such qualification efforts without ultimately securing approval. If we are unable to convince these potential customers, the consumers who purchase end-products containing our products and the customers of our direct-to-consumer products, that our products are comparable to the chemicals that they currently use or that the use of our products is otherwise to their benefit, we will not be successful in entering these markets and our business will be adversely affected. 
 
 Moreover, in order to successfully market our direct-to-consumer products, we must continue to build our formulation, production, logistics, quality, sales, marketing, digital, managerial, compliance, and related capabilities or make arrangements with third parties to perform these services. If we are unable to establish adequate marketing, sales and distribution capabilities, whether independently or with third parties, we may not be able to appropriately commercialize such products. Additionally, the internet and other new technologies facilitate competitive entry and comparison shopping for our consumer products, and our digital channels compete against numerous websites, mobile applications and catalogs, which may have a greater volume of circulation and web traffic or more effective marketing through online media and social networking sites. There is no assurance that we will be able to continue to successfully maintain or expand our digital sales channels and respond to shifting consumer traffic patterns and digital buying trends. Our inability to adequately respond to these risks and uncertainties or successfully maintain and expand our digital business could have an adverse impact on our results of operations. 
 
 The price and availability of sugarcane and other feedstocks can be volatile as a result of changes in industry policy and may increase the cost of production of our products. 
 
 13 

In Brazil, Conselho dos Produtores de Cana-de-A car, A car e Etanol do Estado de S o Paulo (Council of Sugarcane, Sugar and Ethanol Producers in the State of S o Paulo (Consecana), an industry association of producers of sugarcane, sugar and ethanol, sets market terms and prices for general supply, lease and partnership agreements for sugarcane. If Consecana makes changes to such terms and prices, it could result in higher sugarcane prices and/or a significant decrease in the volume of sugarcane available for the production of our products. In addition, if the availability of sugarcane juice or syrup or other feedstocks is restricted or limited due to the impacts of the COVID-19 global pandemic, weather conditions, land conditions or any other reason, we may not be able to manufacture our products in a timely or cost-effective manner, or at all, which would have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 
 We expect to face competition for our products from existing suppliers, and if we cannot compete effectively against these companies, products or prices, we may not be successful in bringing our products to market, demand for some of our renewable products may decline, or we may be unable to further grow our business. 
 
 We expect that our renewable products will compete with both the traditional products that are currently being used in our target markets and with the alternatives to these existing products that established enterprises and new companies are seeking to produce. In the markets that we have entered, and in other markets that we may seek to enter in the future, we will compete primarily with the established providers of ingredients currently used in products in these markets. Producers of these incumbent products include global health and nutrition companies, large international chemical companies and companies specializing in specific products, such as flavor or fragrance ingredients, squalene or essential oils. We may also compete in one or more of these markets with products that are offered as alternatives to the traditional products being offered in these markets. 
 
 With the emergence of many new companies seeking to produce products from renewable sources, we may face increasing competition from such companies. As they emerge, some of these companies may be able to establish production capacity and commercial partnerships to compete with us. If we are unable to establish production and sales channels that allow us to offer comparable products at attractive prices, we may not be able to compete effectively with these companies. Similarly, if we cannot demonstrate that our products are comparable or better alternatives to existing products and to any alternative products that are being developed for the same markets based on some combination of product cost, availability, performance, and consumer preference characteristics, our renewable products may not succeed in the market, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects. 
 
 We believe the primary competitive factors in our target markets are: 
 product performance and other measures of quality; 
 product price; 
 product cost; 
 sustainability and social responsibility; 
 dependability of naturally sourced ingredients; and 
 infrastructure compatibility of products. 
 
 Many of our competitors are much larger than us and have well-developed distribution systems and networks for their products, valuable historical relationships with the potential customers we are seeking to serve and much more extensive marketing and sales programs in place to promote their products. In order to be successful, we must convince customers that our products are at least as effective as the traditional products they are seeking to replace, and we must provide our products on a cost basis that does not greatly exceed these traditional products and other available alternatives. Some of our competitors may use their influence, brands, and significant resources to impede the development and acceptance of renewable products of the type that we are seeking to produce. 
 
 We are subject to risks related to our reliance on collaboration arrangements to fund development and commercialization of our products, and our financial results may be adversely impacted if we fail to meet technical, development, or commercial milestones in such agreements. 
 
 For most product markets where we are seeking to enter and grow, we have collaboration partners to fund the research and development, commercialization, and production efforts required for the target products, and in some cases, for the ultimate sale of certain products to the customer under the agreement. Typically, we provide limited exclusive rights and revenue-sharing with respect to the production and sale of particular products in specific markets in exchange for such up-front funding. These exclusivity, revenue-sharing, and other similar terms limit our ability to commercialize our products and technology and may impact the size of our business or our profitability in ways that we do not currently envision. In addition, most of these agreements do not affirmatively obligate the other party to purchase specific quantities of any products, and most contain 
 14 

important conditions that must be satisfied before additional funding of research and development or product purchases would occur. These conditions include research and development programs and milestones, including technical specifications that must be achieved to the satisfaction of our collaboration partners. We may focus our efforts and resources on potential discovery efforts, product targets or candidates that require substantial technical, financial, and human resources which we cannot be certain we will achieve. 
 
 In addition, we may encounter numerous uncertainties and difficulties in developing, manufacturing, and commercializing any new products subject to these collaboration arrangements that may delay or prevent us from realizing their expected benefits or enhancing our business, including uncertainties on the feasibility of taking new molecules to commercial scale. Any failure to successfully develop, produce, and commercialize products under our existing and future collaboration arrangements could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operation and growth prospects. 
 
 Revenues from these types of relationships are a key part of our cash plan for 2023 and beyond. If we fail to collect expected collaboration revenues, including earnout revenues, we may be unable to fund our operations or pursue development and commercialization of our planned products. To achieve our collaboration revenue targets from year to year, we may be obliged to source new partners or enter into agreements that contain less favorable terms. Historically, the process of negotiating and finalizing collaboration arrangements with our partners has at times been lengthy and unpredictable. Furthermore, as part of our current and future collaboration arrangements, we may be required to make significant capital investments at our existing or planned production facilities in order to develop, produce, and commercialize molecules or other products. Any failure or difficulties in maintaining existing collaboration arrangements or establishing new collaboration arrangements, or building up or retooling our operations to meet the demands of our collaboration partners could have a material negative impact on our business, including our ability to achieve commercial viability for our products, lead to the inability to meet our contractual obligations and could cause us to allocate or divert capital, personnel, and other resources from our organization, which could adversely affect our business and reputation. 
 
 Our collaboration arrangements may restrict or prevent our future business activity with respect to certain products, or in certain geographic markets or industries, which could harm our ability to grow our business. 
 
 As part of our collaboration arrangements in the ordinary course of business, we grant to our partners rights of first refusal (ROFRs) and exclusive rights with respect to the development, production, and/or commercialization of particular products or types of products in specific geographic markets or industries, in exchange for up-front funding and/or downstream royalty arrangements. These rights may inhibit potential collaboration or strategic partners or potential customers from entering into negotiations with us about further business opportunities, and we may be restricted or prevented from engaging with other partners or customers for such products or in those markets, which may limit our ability to grow our business or influence our strategic focus, and may lead to an inefficient allocation of capital resources. 
 
 In the past, we have had to grant concessions to existing partners in exchange for such partners waiving or modifying their exclusive rights with respect to a particular product, type of product or market in order to engage with a third party with respect to such product, product type, or market. Such concessions are often costly or further limit our ability to conduct future business with respect to a certain product or market. There can be no assurance that existing partners will be willing to grant waivers of or modify their exclusive rights or ROFRs in the future on favorable terms, if at all. If we are unable to engage other potential partners with respect to particular products, product types, geographic markets or industries for which we have previously granted exclusive rights or ROFRs, our ability to grow our business would be harmed, and our business, financial condition, and results of operations may be adversely affected. 
 
 Our relationship with DSM exposes us to financial and commercial risks. 
 
 In May 2017, DSM made an investment in us and, in connection therewith, we entered into a stockholder agreement with DSM (subsequently amended) which provides DSM with certain rights, including the right to designate one member of our board of directors (to the extent DSM maintains beneficial ownership of at least 4.5 of our outstanding common stock) as well as exclusive negotiating rights in connection with certain future commercial projects and arrangements. Subsequently, in July and September 2017, we entered into collaboration agreements (and related license agreements) with DSM to jointly develop several new molecules in animal and human health and nutrition field using our technology, which we would produce and DSM would commercialize. In December 2020, we entered into a Farnesene Framework Agreement with DSM, under which we assigned to DSM the supply of Farnesene to Givaudan International SA (Givaudan) for the production and sale of a single specialty ingredient. In March 2021, we entered into agreements, under which DSM acquired certain exclusive rights to our flavor and fragrance (F F) product portfolio an d an exclusive license to our F F intellectual property, and under which we agreed to manufacture F F ingredients for DSM for fifteen years. In October 2022, we entered into a loan and security agreement with an affiliate of DSM, as lender, for a secured term loan facility, which was amended in December 2022. For 
 15 

more information regarding these and other transactions and arrangements with DSM, please see Note 4, Debt, Note 6, Stockholders Equity (Deficit), Note 10, Revenue Recognition and Note 11, Related Party Transactions in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 DSM, due to its presence on our board of directors, equity ownership in us, and commercial relationships with us, may be able to influence our management, operations and affairs, including the approval of significant corporate transactions, such as the disposition of our intellectual property, mergers, consolidations or the sale of all or substantially all of our assets. Due to its various relationships with us, DSM may have interests different from, and may not act in the best interests of, our other stockholders. 
 
 A significant portion of our operations is centered in Brazil, and our business could be adversely affected if we do not operate effectively in that country. 
 
 We may be subject to risks associated with the concentration of essential product sourcing and operations in Brazil. The Brazilian government has changed in the past, and may change in the future, monetary, taxation, credit, tariff, labor, export, and other policies to influence the course of Brazil's economy. For example, the government's actions to control inflation have involved interest rate adjustments. We have no control over, and cannot predict what, policies or actions the Brazilian government may take in the future. Our business, financial performance, and prospects may be adversely affected by, among others, the following factors: 
 
 delays or failures in securing licenses, permits, or other governmental approvals necessary to build and operate facilities, use our yeast strains to produce products, and export such products for sale outside Brazil; 
 rapid consolidation in the sugar and ethanol industries in Brazil, which could result in a decrease in competition; 
 political, economic, diplomatic, or social instability in, or in the region surrounding, Brazil, including the recent political upheaval in the country related to the presidential election; 
 effects of changes in currency exchange rates; 
 changing interest rates; 
 impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the supply of raw materials, labor or services; 
 tax burden and policies; 
 any changes in currency exchange policy that lead to the imposition of exchange controls or restrictions on remittances abroad; 
 export or import restrictions that limit our ability to move our products out of Brazil or interfere with the import of essential materials into Brazil; 
 changes in, or interpretations of, foreign regulations that may adversely affect our ability to sell our products or repatriate profits to the United States; 
 tariffs, trade protection measures, and other regulatory requirements; 
 compliance with U.S. and foreign laws that regulate the conduct of business abroad; 
 compliance with privacy, anti-corruption, and anti-bribery laws, including certain anti-corruption and privacy laws recently enacted in Brazil; 
 an inability, or reduced ability, to protect our intellectual property in Brazil including any effect of compulsory licensing imposed by government action; and 
 difficulties and costs of staffing and managing foreign operations. 
 
 We cannot predict whether the current or future Brazilian government will implement changes to existing policies on taxation, exchange controls, monetary strategy, labor relations, social security and the like, nor can we estimate the impact of any such changes on the Brazilian economy or our operations. 
 
 We continue to expand our international footprint and operations, and we may expand further in the future, which subjects us to a variety of risks and complexities which, if not effectively managed, could negatively affect our business. 
 
 We maintain operations in foreign jurisdictions other than Brazil, and may in the future expand, or seek to expand, our operations to additional foreign jurisdictions. For example, operating in Europe, China and the Middle East exposes us to political, legal and economic risks. In particular, the political, legal and economic climate in China, both nationally and regionally, is fluid and unpredictable. Our ability to operate in China may be adversely affected by changes in U.S. and Chinese laws and regulations such as those related to taxation, import and export tariffs, environmental regulations, genetically modified microorganisms (GMM), land use rights, product testing requirements, intellectual property, currency controls, network security, and other matters. In addition, we may not obtain or retain the requisite permits to operate in China, and costs or operational limitations may be imposed in connection with obtaining and complying with such permits. In addition, Chinese trade regulations are in a state of flux, and we may become subject to other forms of taxation, tariffs and duties in China. 
 16 

Furthermore, our counterparties in China may use or disclose our confidential information or intellectual property to competitors or third parties, which could result in the illegal distribution and sale of counterfeit versions of our products. If any of these events occur, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. 
 
 In addition, a significant percentage of the production, downstream processing and sales of our products occurs outside the United States or with vendors, suppliers or customers located outside the United States. If tariffs or other restrictions are placed by the United States on foreign imports from Brazil, European or other countries where we operate or seek to operate, or any related counter-measures are taken, our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects may be harmed. Tariffs may increase our cost of goods, which could result in lower gross margin on certain of our products. If we raise prices to account for any such increase in costs of goods, the competitiveness of the affected products could potentially be reduced. In either case, increased tariffs on imports from Brazil, European or other countries where we operate or seek to operate could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Furthermore, in retaliation for any tariffs imposed by the United States, other countries may implement tariffs on a wide range of American products, which could increase the cost of our products for non-U.S. customers located in such countries. Any increase in the cost of our products for non-U.S. customers, which represent a substantial portion of our sales, could result in a decrease in demand for our products by such customers. Trade restrictions and sanctions implemented by the United States or other countries, including sanctions imposed on Russia by the United States and other countries due to Russia's invasion of Ukraine, could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Financial Risks 
 
 We may not be able to generate sufficient cash inflows from our various revenue streams to fund our anticipated operations and to service our debt obligations. 
 
 Our planned working capital needs and operating and capital expenditures for 2023, and our ability to service our outstanding debt obligations, are dependent on significant inflows of cash from product sales, licenses, and royalties, and grants and collaborations and, as needed, additional financing arrangements, as well as cost mitigation initiatives such as our Fit-to-Win initiatives that we commenced in the third quarter of 2022. We will continue to need to fund our research and development and related activities and to provide working capital to fund production, procurement, storage, distribution, and other aspects of our business. Some of our anticipated funding sources, such as research and development collaborations, are subject to the risks that we may not be able to meet milestones, or that collaborations may end prematurely for reasons that may be outside of our control (including technical infeasibility of the project or a collaborator s right to terminate without cause). The inability to generate sufficient cash flow, as described above, could have a material effect on our ability to continue with our business plans and our status as a going concern. 
 
 If we are unsuccessful in executing our Fit-to-Win initiatives or otherwise have insufficient cash, our ability to continue as a going concern would be jeopardized, and we would take the following actions: 
 Shift focus to existing products and customers with significantly reduced investment in new product and commercial development efforts; 
 Reduce or delay uncommitted capital expenditures, nonessential facilities and lab equipment, and information technology projects or liquidate certain of our assets; 
 Closely monitor our working capital position with contract manufacturers and other suppliers, as well as suspend operations at pilot plants and demonstration facilities; and 
 Reduce expenditures for third party contractors, including consultants, professional advisors, and other vendors. 
 
 Implementing this plan could have a negative impact on our ability to continue our business as currently contemplated, including, without limitation, delays or failures in our ability to: 
 Achieve planned production levels; 
 Develop and commercialize products within planned timelines or at planned scales; 
 Introduce new consumer brands; and 
 Continue other core activities. 
 
 Furthermore, any inability to scale-back operations as necessary, and any unexpected liquidity needs, could create pressure to implement more severe measures. Such measures could materially affect our ability to meet contractual requirements and increase the severity of the consequences described above. In addition, we are subject to market conditions on our ability to access our existing cash, cash equivalents and investments. For example, although we do not hold any cash or maintain any accounts at, nor do we have any other relationships with, Silicon Valley Bank or Signature Bank, on March 10, 2023 and March 12, 2023, respectively, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation took control and was appointed receiver of these banks, and if other banks and financial institutions enter receivership or become insolvent in the future in response to financial conditions 
 17 

affecting the banking system and financial markets, our ability to access our existing cash, cash equivalents and investments may be threatened, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition. 
 
 We have incurred substantial debt, which could impair our flexibility and access to capital and adversely affect our financial position, and our business would be materially adversely affected if we are unable to service our debt obligations. 
 
 In November 2021, we sold 690.0 million aggregate convertible senior notes due 2026 (2026 Convertible Senior Notes). During 2022, we issued 181.7 million aggregate of principal amount of additional promissory notes pursuant to senior secured credit facilities with Foris and DSM. As of December 31, 2022, the principal amounts due under our debt instruments (including the 2026 Convertible Senior Notes and related party debt) totaled 923.0 million, of which 128.7 million is classified as current. We may incur additional indebtedness from time to time to finance working capital, research and product development efforts, strategic acquisitions, investments and partnerships, capital expenditures, including funding the completion of our new manufacturing facilities in Brazil, or other general corporate purposes, subject to the restrictions contained in our debt agreements. 
 
 Our substantial indebtedness may: 
 limit our ability to use our cash flow or obtain additional financing (on satisfactory terms or at all) to fund working capital, capital expenditures, product development efforts, acquisitions, investments and strategic alliances, and for other general corporate requirements; 
 require us to use a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to make debt service payments; 
 increase our vulnerability to economic downturns and adverse competitive and industry conditions and place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to those of our competitors that are less leveraged; 
 limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and our industry and limit our ability to pursue other business opportunities, borrow more money for operations or capital in the future, and implement our business strategies; 
 result in dilution to our existing stockholders in the event exchanges of our 2026 Convertible Senior Notes are settled in common stock; and 
 restrict our ability to grant additional liens on our assets, which may make it more difficult to secure additional financing in the future. 
 
 In addition, servicing our debt requires a significant amount of cash. Our cash balance is significantly less than the principal amount of our outstanding debt, and we may not generate sufficient cash flow from our operations to pay our substantial debt, including any payments in connection with the 2026 Convertible Senior Notes, in which case we would be in default under our 2026 Convertible Senior Notes. We may also be required to raise additional working capital through future financings or sales of assets to enable us to repay our outstanding indebtedness as it becomes due. There can be no assurance that we will be able to generate cash or raise additional capital. If we are at any time unable to generate sufficient cash flow from operations to service our indebtedness when payment is due, we may be required to attempt to renegotiate the terms of the instruments relating to the indebtedness, seek to refinance all or a portion of the indebtedness or obtain additional financing. There can be no assurance that we would be able to successfully renegotiate such terms, that any such refinancing would be possible or that any additional financing could be obtained on terms that are favorable or acceptable to us, if at all. Any debt financing that is available could cause us to incur substantial costs and subject us to covenants that significantly restrict our ability to conduct our business. If we seek to complete additional equity financings, the interests of existing stockholders may be diluted. If we are unable to make payment on our secured debt instruments when due, the lender under such instrument may foreclose on and sell the assets securing such indebtedness to satisfy our payment obligations, which could prevent us from accessing those assets for our business and conducting our business as planned, which could materially harm our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Our existing secured financing arrangements provides our lenders with liens on substantially all of our assets, including our intellectual property, and contain financial covenants and other restrictions on our actions, which may restrict our ability to pursue certain transactions and operate our business. 
 
 We have granted liens on substantially all of our assets, including our intellectual property, as collateral in connection with senior secured credit facilities with Foris and liens on certain remaining assets in connection with a secured credit facility with DSM. In connection with such credit facilities, we have agreed to financial covenants and other covenants that materially limit our ability to take certain actions, including, among other things, our ability to pay dividends, make certain investments, incur additional indebtedness, undertake certain mergers and consolidations, and encumber and dispose of assets (see Note 4, Debt in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K). The credit facilities contain customary events of default, including failure to pay amounts due, breaches of covenants and warranties, material adverse effect events, certain cross defaults and judgements, and insolvency. A failure to comply with the covenants and other provisions of our debt instruments, including any 
 18 

failure to make a payment when required, would generally result in payment penalties or events of default under such credit facilities, which could trigger acceleration of such indebtedness and result in a material adverse effect on our business. If such indebtedness were to be accelerated, it could trigger an event of default under our other outstanding indebtedness, permitting acceleration of a substantial portion of our indebtedness. We have in the past had certain of our debt instruments accelerated for failure to make a payment when due. Any required repayment of our indebtedness as a result of acceleration or otherwise would lower our current cash on hand such that we would not have those funds available for use in our business or for payment of other outstanding indebtedness. 
 
 If we fail to maintain an effective system of internal controls, we may not be able to report our financial results accurately or in a timely manner or prevent fraud; in that case, our stockholders could lose confidence in our financial reporting, which would harm our business and could negatively impact the price of our stock. 
 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act. In addition, Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Section 404) and related SEC rules require management to assess the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. Effective internal controls are necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports and help us to prevent fraud. The process of implementing our internal controls and complying with Section 404 is expensive and time consuming and requires significant continuous attention of management. We cannot be certain that these measures will ensure that we maintain adequate controls over our financial processes and reporting in the future. 
 
 Control deficiencies in 2017 and 2018 resulted in the restatement of our audited consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2017 and our interim condensed consolidated financial statements for March 31, 2018, June 30, 2018 and September 30, 2018. Also, a control deficiency in 2019 identified p rior to issuing our condensed consolidated financial statements as of and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2019 resulted in us concluding this control deficiency was a material weakness and that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of December 31, 2019, and created a reasonable possibility that a further material misstatement of our annual or interim consolidated financial statements would not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 
 
 Our management has remediated this material weakness. We cannot, however, guarantee that additional material weaknesses or significant deficiencies in our internal controls will not be discovered or occur in the future. We experienced significant growth in 2022 and anticipate continuing this growth trajectory to continue throughout 2023 through business acquisitions, hiring of additional employees, expanding of our facilities and operating locations, and significantly increasing our manufacturing activity and service delivery capabilities in Brazil and Europe, all of which could impact our ability to accurately and timely record transactions, and could result in internal control failures that lead to material weaknesses or significant deficiencies. If these events occur, we may be unable to report our financial results accurately or on a timely basis, which could cause our reported financial results to be materially misstated and result in the loss of investor confidence and adversely affect the market price of our common stock and our ability to access the capital markets, and we could be subject to sanctions or investigations by the Nasdaq Stock Market (Nasdaq), the SEC or other regulatory authorities. See Part II, Item 9A Controls and Procedures of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information. 
 
 In addition, to the extent we create joint ventures or have any variable interest entities and the financial statements of such entities are not prepared by us, we will not have direct control over their financial statement preparation. As a result, we will, for our financial reporting, depend on what these entities report to us, which could result in us adding monitoring and audit processes to those operations and increase the difficulty of implementing and maintaining adequate internal control over our financial processes and reporting in the future, which could lead to delays in our external reporting. In particular, this may occur in instances where we are establishing such entities with commercial partners that do not have sophisticated financial accounting processes in place, or where we are entering into new relationships at a rapid pace, straining our integration capacity. Additionally, if we do not receive the information from the joint venture or variable interest entity on a timely basis, it could cause delays in our external reporting. 
 
 Even if we conclude in the future, and our independent registered public accounting firm concurs, that our internal control over financial reporting provides reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect fraud or misstatements. Failure to implement required new or improved controls, or difficulties encountered in their implementation, could harm our results of operations or cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations, which could reduce the market s confidence in our financial statements and harm our stock price. In addition, failure to comply with Section 404 could subject us to a variety of administrative sanctions, including SEC action, the suspension or delisting of our common stock by Nasdaq, and the inability of registered broker-dealers to make a market in our common stock, which could further reduce our stock price and could harm our business. 
 19 

We have a history of net losses to date, anticipate continuing to incur losses in the future, and may not be able to achieve or sustain profitability. 
 
 We have incurred operating losses since our inception, and we expect to continue to incur losses and negative cash flows from operations for at least the next 12 months following the issuance of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. As of December 31, 2022, we had an accumulated deficit of 2.9 billion. 
 
 Future revenues are difficult to predict, and our failure to predict revenue accurately may cause our results to be below our expectations or those of analysts or investors and could result in our stock price declining. 
 
 Our revenues are comprised of product revenues, licenses and royalties revenues, and collaborations and grants revenues. We generate our consumer and ingredients product revenues from sales to partners and distributors and from direct sales. Our collaboration, supply and distribution agreements do not usually include any specific purchase obligations. The sales volume of our products in any given period has been difficult to predict. A significant portion of our product sales is dependent upon the interest and ability of third-party distributors to create demand for, and generate sales of, such products to end-users. For example, if such distributors are unsuccessful in creating pull-through demand for our products with their customers, such distributors may purchase less of our products from us than we expect. 
 
 In addition, many of our new and novel ingredients products are intended to be a component of other companies products; therefore, sales of our products may be contingent on our collaboration partners and/or customers timely and successful development and commercialization of end-use products that incorporate our products, and price volatility in the markets for such end-use products could adversely affect the demand for our products and the margin we receive for our product sales, which could harm our financial results. In addition, certain of our partners have the right to terminate their agreements with us if we undergo a change of control or a sale of our business, which could discourage a potential acquirer from making an offer to acquire the Company. 
 
 Further, we have in the past entered into, and expect in the future to enter into, research and development collaboration arrangements pursuant to which we receive payments from our collaboration partners. Certain collaboration arrangements include advance payments in consideration for grants of exclusivity or research and development activities to be performed by us. It has in the past been difficult for us to know with certainty when we will sign a new collaboration arrangement and receive payments thereunder. In addition, a portion of the advance payments we receive under our collaboration agreements is typically classified as contract liabilities and recognized over multiple quarters or years. As a result, achievement of our quarterly and annual financial goals has been difficult to forecast with certainty. Once a collaboration agreement has been signed, receipt of cash payments and/or recognition of related revenues may depend on our achievement of research, development, production or cost milestones, which may be difficult to predict. Our collaboration arrangements may also include future royalty payments upon commercialization of the products subject to the collaboration arrangements, which is uncertain and depends in part on the success of the counterparty in commercializing the relevant product. As a result, our receipt of royalty revenues and the timing thereof is difficult to predict with certainty. 
 
 Furthermore, in recent years, we started to market and sell our consumer products directly to end-consumers in the clean beauty and personal care market. We have a portfolio of consumer brands in various stages of their growth trajectory. It is difficult to predict how successful our efforts will be in developing brand awareness through digital marketing and selling direct to consumer, and we may not achieve the product sales we expect to achieve on the timeline we anticipate, if at all. These factors have made it difficult to predict future revenues and have resulted in our revenues being below our previously announced guidance or analysts estimates. We continue to face these risks in the future, which may cause our stock price to decline. 
 
 We have limited experience in marketing and sales of consumer products, and if we are unable to expand our marketing and sales organization to adequately address our customers needs, our business may be adversely affected. 
 
 We rely on distributors for the sale of our products in the United States and in certain countries outside of the United States. We exert limited control over these distributors under our agreements with them, and if their sales and marketing efforts for our products in the region are not successful, our business would be materially and adversely affected. Locating, qualifying and engaging distribution partners with local industry experience and knowledge will be necessary in at least the short to mid-term to effectively market and sell our platform in certain countries outside the United States. We may not be successful in finding, attracting and retaining distribution partners, or we may not be able to enter into such arrangements on favorable terms. Even if we are successful in identifying distributors, such distributors may engage in sales practices that violate local laws or our internal policies. Furthermore, sales practices utilized by any such distribution parties that are locally acceptable may not comply with sales practices standards required under any U.S. laws that apply to us, which could create additional compliance 
 20 

risk. If our sales and marketing efforts by us or our distributors are not successful, we may not achieve significant market acceptance for our products, which would materially and adversely impact our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 
 O ur financial results could vary materially from quarter to quarter and are difficult to predict. 
 
 Our revenues and results of operations could vary materially from quarter to quarter because of a variety of factors, many of which are outside of our control. As a result, comparing our results of operations on a period-to-period basis may not be meaningful. Factors that could cause our quarterly results of operations to fluctuate include: 
 
 achievement, or failure, with respect to technology, product development or manufacturing milestones needed to allow us to enter identified markets on a cost-effective basis or obtain milestone-related payments from collaboration partners; 
 delays or greater than anticipated expenses associated with the completion, commissioning, acquisition or retrofitting of new production facilities, or the time to ramp up and stabilize production at a new production facility or the transition (including ramp up) to producing new molecules at existing facilities or with new contract manufacturers; 
 depreciation of technology assets or the cost of conducting research and development activities on outdated equipment; 
 impairment of assets based on shifting business priorities and working capital limitations; 
 ongoing impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business operations and the supply of raw materials, labor or services; 
 disruptions in the production process at any manufacturing facility, including disruptions due to seasonal or unexpected downtime as a result of a COVID-19 outbreak, feedstock availability, contamination, safety or other technical difficulties, or scheduled downtime as a result of transitioning equipment to the production of different molecules; 
 losses of, or the inability to secure new customers, collaboration partners, contract manufacturers, suppliers or distributors; 
 losses associated with producing our products as we ramp to commercial production levels; 
 failure to recover value added tax (VAT) that we currently reflect as recoverable in our financial statements (e.g., due to failure to meet conditions for reimbursement of VAT under local law); 
 the timing, size and mix of product sales to customers; 
 increases in price or decreases in availability of feedstock; 
 the unavailability of contract manufacturing capacity altogether or at reasonable cost; 
 exit costs associated with terminating contract manufacturing relationships; 
 fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates; 
 change in the fair value of debt and derivative instruments; 
 fluctuations in the price of and demand for sugar, ethanol, petroleum-based and other products for which our products are alternatives; 
 seasonal variability in production and sales of our products; 
 competitive pricing pressures, including decreases in average selling prices of our products; 
 unanticipated expenses or delays associated with changes in governmental regulations and environmental, health, labor and safety requirements; 
 departure of executives or other key management employees resulting in transition and severance costs; 
 our ability to use our net operating loss carryforwards to offset future taxable income; 
 business interruptions such as pandemics or natural disasters like earthquakes and tsunamis; 
 our ability to integrate businesses that we have acquired or may acquire in the future; 
 our ability to successfully collaborate with joint venture partners; 
 risks associated with the international aspects of our business; and 
 changes in general economic, industry and market conditions, both domestically and in our foreign markets, including rising interest rates, taxes and inflation. 
 
 Due to the factors described above, among others, the results of any quarterly or annual period may not meet our expectations or the expectations of our investors and may not be meaningful indications of our future performance. 
 
 Our international operations expose us to the risk of fluctuation in currency exchange rates and rates of foreign inflation, which could adversely affect our results of operations. 
 
 We currently incur material costs and expenses in the Brazilian real and may in the future incur additional expenses in foreign currencies and derive a portion of our revenues in the local currencies of customers throughout the world. As a result, our revenues and results of operations are subject to foreign exchange fluctuations, which we may not be able to manage 
 21 

successfully. During the past few decades, the Brazilian currency has faced frequent and substantial exchange rate fluctuations in relation to foreign currencies mostly because of political and economic conditions. There can be no assurance that the Brazilian real will not materially appreciate or depreciate against the U.S. dollar in the future. We also bear the risk that the rate of inflation in the foreign countries where we incur costs and expenses or the decline in value of the U.S. dollar compared to those foreign currencies will increase our costs as expressed in U.S. dollars. For example, future measures by the Central Bank of Brazil to control inflation, including interest rate adjustments, intervention in the foreign exchange market and actions to fix the value of the real, may weaken the U.S. dollar in Brazil. Whether in Brazil or elsewhere, we may not be able to adjust the prices of our products to offset the effects of inflation or foreign currency appreciation on our cost structure, which could increase our costs and reduce our net operating margins. If we do not successfully manage these risks through hedging, tax optimization or other mechanisms, our revenues and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 
 Our U.S. GAAP operating results could fluctuate substantially due to the accounting for convertible debt and derivative liabilities that we measure at fair value. 
 
 A portion of our outstanding convertible debt instruments are accounted for under Accounting Standards Codification 825-10-25, The Fair Value Option (ASC 825) and certain equity instruments are accounted for under Accounting Standards Codification 815, Derivatives and Hedging (ASC 815), as free standing derivative liabilities. ASC 825 allows companies to account for certain financial assets and financial liabilities at fair value, with the change in fair value recognized in net income each reporting period. The data used for the measurement must reflect assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability. There is no current observable market for this convertible debt instrument and, as such, we determine the fair value of the debt instrument using a model based on an instrument with and without the conversion option and other embedded derivative features. The valuation model uses the stock price, conversion price, maturity date, risk-free interest rate, estimated stock volatility and estimated credit spread. ASC 815 requires companies to account for freestanding derivative financial instruments as a liability at fair value according to certain criteria. If the freestanding criteria are met, the current fair value of the derivative is remeasured to fair value at each balance sheet date, with a resulting non-cash gain or loss related to the change in the fair value of the derivative being charged to earnings (loss) in the statement of operations. We have determined that we must account for certain free standing financial instruments as derivative liabilities in accordance with ASC 815. There is no current observable market for this type of derivative and, as such, we determine the fair value of the free standing derivatives using an option pricing model. The valuation model uses the period close stock price, expected term of the instrument, risk-free interest rate, estimated stock volatility and expected dividend yield. Changes in the inputs for these valuation models may have a material impact on the estimated fair value of the of the convertible debt instrument accounted for under the fair value option and the embedded derivative liabilities. For example, an increase in our stock price would result in an increase in the estimated fair value of the embedded derivative liabilities, if in this example, each of the other elements of the valuation model remained substantially unchanged from the last measurement date. The convertible debt instrument accounted for under the fair value option and the embedded derivative liabilities may have, on a U.S. GAAP basis, a substantial effect on our balance sheet and statement of operations from quarter to quarter and it is difficult to predict the effect on our future U.S. GAAP financial results, since valuation of the convertible debt instrument accounted for under the fair value option and the embedded derivative liabilities are based on factors largely outside of our control and may have a negative impact on our statement of operations and balance sheet. The effects of these embedded derivatives may cause our U.S. GAAP operating results to be below expectations, which may cause our stock price to decline. See Note 3, Fair Value Measurement in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for more information regarding the valuation of embedded derivatives in certain of our outstanding debt instruments. 
 
 The accounting method for convertible debt securities that may be settled in cash, such as the 2026 Convertible Senior Notes, may have a material effect on our reported financial results. 
 
 Under Accounting Standards Codification 470-20, Debt with Conversion and Other Options, which we refer to as ASC 470-20, issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board, which we refer to as FASB, an entity must separately account for the liability and equity components of the convertible debt instruments (such as the 2026 Convertible Senior Notes) that may be settled entirely or partially in cash upon conversion in a manner that reflects the issuer s economic interest cost. The effect of ASC 470-20 on the accounting for the 2026 Convertible Senior Notes is that the equity component is required to be included in the additional paid-in capital section of stockholders equity on our consolidated balance sheet at issuance, and the value of the equity component would be treated as a discount for purposes of accounting for the debt component of the 2026 Convertible Senior Notes. As a result, we will be required to record a greater amount of non-cash interest expense as a result of the amortization of the discounted carrying value of the 2026 Convertible Senior Notes to their face amount over the term of the 2026 Convertible Senior Notes. We will report larger net losses or lower net income in our financial results because ASC 470-20 will require interest to include both the amortization of the debt discount and the instrument s coupon interest rate, which could adversely affect our reported or future financial results, the trading price of our common stock and the trading price of the 2026 Convertible Senior Notes. In addition, under certain circumstances, convertible debt instruments (such as the 
 22 

2026 Convertible Senior Notes) that may be settled entirely or partly in cash may be accounted for utilizing the treasury stock method for earnings per share purposes, the effect of which is that the shares issuable upon conversion of the 2026 Convertible Senior Notes are not included in the calculation of diluted earnings per share except to the extent that the conversion value of the 2026 Convertible Senior Notes exceeds their principal amount. Under the treasury stock method, for diluted earnings per share purposes, the transaction is accounted for as if the number of shares of common stock that would be necessary to settle such excess, if we elected to settle such excess in shares, are issued. 
 
 In August 2020, the Financial Accounting Standards Board published an Accounting Standards Update, which we refer to as ASU 2020-06, which amends the accounting standards for convertible debt instruments that may be settled entirely or partially in cash upon conversion. ASU 2020-06 eliminates requirements to separately account for liability and equity components of such convertible debt instruments and eliminates the ability to use the treasury stock method for calculating diluted earnings per share for convertible instruments whose principal amount may be settled using shares. Instead, ASU 2020-06 requires (i) the entire amount of the security to be presented as a liability on the balance sheet and (ii) application of the if-converted method for calculating diluted earnings per share. Under the if-converted method, diluted earnings per share will generally be calculated assuming that all the 2026 Convertible Senior Notes were converted solely into shares of common stock at the beginning of the reporting period, unless the result would be anti-dilutive, which could adversely affect our diluted earnings per share. However, if the principal amount of the convertible debt security being converted is required to be paid in cash and only the excess is permitted to be settled in shares, the if-converted method will produce a similar result as the treasury stock method prior to the adoption of ASU 2020-06 for such convertible debt security. ASU 2020-06 is effective for public companies for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2021. 
 
 Our ability to use our net operating loss carryforwards to offset future taxable income may be subject to certain limitations. 
 
 In general, under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code (the Code), a corporation that undergoes an ownership change, as defined in the Code, is subject to limitations on its ability to utilize its pre-ownership change net operating loss carryforwards (NOLs) to offset future taxable income. During the two years ended December 31, 2019, changes in our share ownership resulted in significant reductions in our NOLs pursuant to Section 382 of the Code. Future changes in our stock ownership, some of which are outside of our control, could result in an ownership change under Section 382 of the Code; if that occurs, our ability to utilize NOLs could be further limited. Furthermore, our ability to utilize NOLs of companies that we may acquire in the future may be subject to limitations under Section 382 of the Code. For these reasons, we may not be able to utilize a material portion of our reported NOLs as of December 31, 2022, even if we attain profitability, which could adversely affect our cash flows and results of operations. 
 
 Regulatory, Intellectual Property, and Legal Risks 
 
 Ethical, legal and social concerns about products using genetically modified microorganisms could limit or prevent the use of our products and technologies and could harm our business. 
 
 Our technologies and products involve the use of genetically modified microorganisms (GMMs). Public perception about the safety of, and ethical, legal or social concerns over, genetically engineered products, including GMMs, could affect public acceptance of our products. If we are not able to overcome any such concerns relating to our products, our technologies may not be accepted by our customers or end-users. In addition, the use of GMMs has in the past received negative publicity, which could lead to greater regulation or restrictions on imports of our products. If our technologies and products are not accepted by our customers or their end-users due to negative publicity or lack of public acceptance, our business could be materially harmed. 
 
 Our use of genetically modified feedstocks and yeast strains to produce our products subjects us to risks of regulatory limitations and rejection of our products. 
 
 The use of GMMs, such as our yeast strains, is subject to laws and regulations in many countries, some of which are new and some of which are still evolving. In the United States, the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA), regulates the commercial use of GMMs as well as potential products produced from GMMs. Various states or local governments within the United States could choose to regulate products made with GMMs as well. While the strain of genetically modified yeast that we currently use for the development and commercial production of our target molecules, S. cerevisiae , is eligible for exemption from EPA review because it is generally recognized as safe, we must satisfy certain criteria to achieve this exemption, including but not limited to use of compliant containment structures, waste disposal and safety procedures, and we cannot be sure that we will meet such criteria in a timely manner, or at all. If exemption of S. cerevisiae is not obtained, our business may be substantially harmed. In addition to S. cerevisiae , we may seek to use different GMMs in the future that will require EPA approval. If approval of different GMMs is not secured, our ability to grow our business could be adversely affected. 
 23 

In Brazil, GMMs are regulated by the National Biosafety Technical Commission (CTNBio). We have obtained approvals from CTNBio to use GMMs in a contained environment in our Brazil facilities for research and development purposes as well as at contract manufacturing facilities in Brazil for industrial-scale production of target products. As we continue to develop new yeast strains and deploy our technology at new production facilities in Brazil, we will be required to obtain further approvals from CTNBio in order to use these strains in industrial-scale commercial production in Brazil. We may not be able to obtain such approvals on a timely basis, or at all, and if we do not, our ability to produce our products in Brazil could be impaired, which would adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 In addition to our production operations in the United States and Brazil, we have been party to contract manufacturing agreements with parties in other production locations around the world, including Europe. The use of GMM technology is regulated in the European Union, which has established various directives for member states regarding regulation of the use of such technology, including notification processes for contained use of such technology. We expect to encounter GMM regulations in most, if not all, of the countries in which we may seek to establish production capabilities and/or conduct sales to customers or end-use consumers, and the scope and nature of these regulations will likely be different from country to country. If we cannot meet the applicable regulatory requirements in the countries in which we produce or sell, or intend to produce or sell, products using our yeast strains, or if it takes longer than anticipated to obtain the necessary regulatory approvals, our business could be materially affected. Furthermore, there are various governmental, non-governmental and quasi-governmental organizations that review and certify products with respect to the determination of whether products can be classified as natural , non-GMO or other similar classifications. While the certification from such governmental organizations, and verification from non-governmental and quasi-governmental organizations are generally not mandatory, some of our current or prospective customers, collaboration partners or distributors may require that we meet the standards set by such organizations as a condition precedent to purchasing or distributing our products. We cannot be certain that we will be able to satisfy the standards of such org anizations, and any delay or failure to do so could harm our ability to sell or distribute some or all of our products to certain customers and prospective customers, which could have a negative impact on our business. 
 
 We may not be able to obtain or maintain regulatory approval for the sale of our renewable products. 
 
 Our renewable chemical products may be subject to government regulation in our target markets. In the United States, the EPA administers the Toxic Substances Control Act (the TSCA), which regulates the commercial registration, distribution, and use of many chemicals. Before an entity can manufacture or distribute a new chemical subject to the TSCA, it must file a Pre-Manufacture Notice to add the chemical to a product. The EPA has 90 days to review the filing but may request additional data, which could significantly extend the timeline for approval. As a result, we may not receive EPA approval to list future molecules on the TSCA registry as expeditiously as we would like, resulting in delays or significant increases in testing requirements. A similar program exists in the European Union, called REACH. Under this program, chemicals imported or manufactured in the European Union in certain quantities must be registered with the European Chemicals Agency, and this process could cause delays or entail significant costs. To the extent that other countries in which we are producing or selling (or seeking to produce or sell) our products, such as Brazil and various countries in Asia, including South Korea, rely on TSCA or REACH (or are implementing similar laws and programs) for chemical registration or regulation in their jurisdictions, delays with the U.S. or European authorities, or any relevant authorities in such other countries, may delay entry into these markets as well. In addition, some of our Biofene-derived products are sold for the cosmetics market, and some countries may impose additional regulatory requirements or permits for such uses, which could impair, delay or prevent sales of our products in those markets. Also, certain of our current or proposed products in the Flavor Fragrance, Clean Beauty Personal Care and Health Wellness markets, including Flavor Fragrance ingredients, skincare ingredients and cosmetic actives, alternative sweeteners, dietary supplements and nutraceuticals, may be subject to the approval of and regulation by the FDA, the European Food Safety Authority, Brazil ANVISA authority, as well as similar agencies of states and foreign jurisdictions where these products are sold or proposed to be sold. 
 
 We expect to encounter regulations in most, if not all, of the countries in which we may seek to produce, import or sell our products (and our customers may encounter similar regulations in selling end-use products to consumers), and we cannot assure you that we (or our customers) will be able to obtain necessary approvals and third-party verifications in a timely manner or at all. If our products do not meet applicable regulatory requirements in a particular country, then we (or our customers) may not be able to commercialize our products in such country and our business will be adversely affected. In addition, any enforcement action taken by regulators against us or our products could cause us to suffer adverse publicity, which could harm our reputation and our relationship with our customers and vendors. Emerging biodiversity regulations in response to the global Nagoya Protocol may further complicate the regulatory product compliance process. 
 
 In addition, many of our products are intended to be a component of our collaboration partners and/or customers (or their customers end-use products. Such end-use products may be subject to various regulations, including regulations promulgated 
 24 

by the EPA, the FDA, or the European Food Safety Authority. If we or our collaboration partners and customers (or their customers) are not successful in obtaining any required regulatory approval or third-party verifications for their end-use products that incorporate our products or fail to comply with any applicable regulations for such end-use products, whether due to our products or otherwise, demand for our products may decline and our revenues could be materially adversely affected. 
 
 Changes in government regulations, including subsidies and economic incentives, could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 
 The markets where we sell our products are heavily infl uenced by foreign, federal, state and local government regulations and policies. Changes to existing or adoption of new foreign or domestic federal, state and local legislative initiatives that impact the production, distribution or sale of products may harm our business or new and existing data privacy regulations that could impact the ability of our consumer brands to leverage data to market and sell products. The uncertainty regarding future standards and policies, including developing regulation in the Clean Beauty industry and the data privacy landscape, may also affect our ability to develop our products or to license our technologies to third parties and to market and sell products to our end customers. Any inability to address these requirements and any regulatory or policy changes could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects. 
 
 Furthermore, the production of our products will depend on the availability of feedstock, especially sugarcane. Agricultural production and trade flows are subject to government policies and regulations. Governmental policies affecting the agricultural industry, such as taxes, tariffs, duties, subsidies, incentives and import and export restrictions on agricultural commodities and commodity products can influence the planting of certain crops, the location and size of crop production, whether unprocessed or processed commodity products are traded, the volume and types of imports and exports, and the availability and competitiveness of feedstocks as raw materials. Future government policies may adversely affect the supply of feedstocks, restrict our ability to use sugarcane or other feedstocks to produce our products, or encourage the use of feedstocks more advantageous to our competitors, which would put us at a commercial disadvantage and could negatively impact our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 Our cannabinoid and COVID-19 vaccine development initiatives are uncertain and may not yield commercial results and are subject to material regulatory risks. 
 
 Since 2019, we have been developing, producing and commercializing fermentation-derived cannabinoids, but our cannabinoid program is the subject of ongoing litigation. While we believe there are substantial business opportunities for us in this field, there can be no assurance that our activities will be successful, or that any research and development and product testing efforts will result in commercially saleable products, or that the market will accept or respond positively to our products. In addition, the market for cannabinoids is heavily regulated. Certain synthetic cannabinoids may be viewed as controlled substances under the federal Controlled Substances Act of 1970 (CSA), and may be subject to a high degree of regulation including, among other things, certain registration, licensing, manufacturing, security, record keeping, reporting, import, export, clinical and non-clinical studies, insurance and other requirements administered by the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA) and/or the FDA. 
 
 Individual states and countries have also established controlled substance laws and regulations, which may differ from U.S. federal law. We or our partners may be required to obtain separate state or country registrations, permits or licenses in order to be able to develop produce, sell, store and transport cannabinoids. Complying with laws and regulations relating to cannabinoids is evolving, complex and expensive, and may divert management s attention and resources from other aspects of our business. Failure to maintain compliance with such laws and regulations may result in regulatory action that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects. The DEA, FDA or state agencies may seek civil penalties, refuse to renew necessary registrations, or initiate proceedings to revoke those registrations. In certain circumstances, violations could lead to criminal proceedings. 
 
 Since 2020, we have been working with our partners, ImmunityBio and Access to Advanced Health Institute, to develop a next-generation COVID-19 vaccine. In late 2021, we launched a joint venture with ImmunityBio to accelerate the manufacturing and commercialization of the COVID-19 vaccine on a worldwide basis. In the United States, to obtain approval from the FDA to market any of our future drug, biologic, or vaccine products, we are required to submit a new drug application (NDA) or biologics license application (BLA) to the FDA. Ordinarily, the FDA requires a company to support an NDA or BLA with substantial evidence of the product candidate s effectiveness, safety, purity and potency in treating the targeted indication based on data derived from adequate and well-controlled clinical trials, including Phase 3 trials conducted in patients with the disease or condition being targeted. Regulatory authorities in other jurisdictions around the world, such as the European Commission or the competent authorities of the European Union member states or other European countries, have similar requirements. 
 
 25 

Our COVID-19 vaccine product candidate entered a Phase 1 human clinical trial in the first half of 2022. Upon successful completion of all required phases of clinical trials of our COVID-19 vaccine product candidate, we expect to seek regulatory approval in various jurisdictions for commercialization. If we are not successful in our clinical development, or if our clinical trials do not generate the data we expect, or if we are unable to obtain regulatory approval in a timely manner, or at all, for our COVID-19 vaccine product candidate, we may not be able to commercialize our COVID-19 vaccine according to our expected timeline, or at all, which would prevent us from receiving a return on our investments and could negatively impact our business and growth prospects. 
 
 Moreover, to obtain approval from the FDA or a similar international or national regulatory body of any product candidate, we or our suppliers for that product must obtain approval by the applicable regulatory body to manufacture and supply product, in some cases based on qualification data provided to the applicable body as part of our regulatory submission. Any delay in generating, or failure to generate, data required in connection with submission of the chemistry, manufacturing and controls portions of any regulatory submission could negatively impact our ability to meet our anticipated submission dates, and therefore our anticipated timing for obtaining FDA or similar international or national regulatory body approval, or our ability to obtain regulatory approval at all. In addition, any failure of us or a supplier to obtain approval by the applicable regulatory body to manufacture and supply product or any delay in receiving, or failure to receive, adequate supplies of a product on a timely basis or in accordance with applicable specifications could negatively impact our ability to successfully launch and commercialize products and generate sales of products at the levels we expect. 
 
 Since 2020, given the global pandemic crisis, the COVID-19 vaccine development processes have been atypical and U.S. regulators have employed Emergency Use Authorization (EUA) procedures to enable access to COVID-19 vaccine in an accelerated manner. We cannot predict the timelines or revised regulatory processes that may be required for the authorization or approval of our COVID-19 vaccine or potential retraction of existing EUAs. In addition, our product candidates including our COVID-19 vaccine, and any other pharmaceutical products that we may develop or commercialize in the future, are subject to extensive FDA regulation and oversight, as well as oversight by other regulatory agencies in the United States and by comparable authorities in other countries. This includes, but is not limited to, laws and regulations governing product development, including testing, manufacturing, record keeping, storage and approval, as well as advertising and promotion. If we or any of our suppliers encounter manufacturing, quality or compliance difficulties with respect to any of our products, whether due to the evolving effects of the COVID-19 pandemic (including as a result of disruptions of global shipping and the transport of products) or otherwise, we may be unable to obtain or maintain regulatory approval or meet commercial demand for such products, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects. 
 
 We may incur material costs to comply with environmental laws and regulations, and failure to comply with these laws and regulations could expose us to material liabilities. 
 
 We use intermediate substances, hazardous chemicals and biological materials in our business, and such materials are subject to a variety of federal, state and local laws and regulations governing the use, generation, manufacture, storage, handling and disposal of these materials in the United States, Brazil and the European Union. Although we have implemented safety procedures for handling and disposing of these materials and related waste products in an effort to comply with these laws and regulations, we cannot be sure that our safety measures and those of our contractors will prevent accidental injury or contamination from the use, storage, handling or disposal of hazardous materials. In the event of contamination or injury, we could be held liable for any resulting damages, and any liability could exceed our insurance coverage. There can be no assurance that violations of environmental, health and safety laws will not occur in the future as a result of human error, accident, equipment failure or other causes. Compliance with applicable environmental laws and regulations may be expensive, and the failure to comply with past, present, or future laws could result in the imposition of fines, real property contamination, third party property damage, product liability and personal injury claims, investigation and remediation costs, the suspension of production, or a cessation of operations, and our liability may exceed our total assets. Liability under environmental laws can be joint and several, without regard to comparative fault, and may be punitive in nature. Furthermore, environmental laws could become more stringent over time, imposing greater compliance costs and increasing risks and penalties associated with violations, which could impair our research, development or production efforts and otherwise harm our business. 
 
 Our proprietary rights may not adequately protect our technologies and product candidates. 
 
 Our commercial success will depend substantially on our ability to obtain patents and maintain adequate legal protection for our technologies and product candidates in the United States and other countries. As of December 31, 2022, we had 689 issued U.S. and foreign patents and 347 pending U.S. and foreign patent applications that were owned or co-owned by or licensed to us. We will be able to protect our proprietary rights from unauthorized use by third parties only to the extent that our proprietary technologies and future products are covered by valid and enforceable patents or are effectively maintained as trade secrets. 
 
 26 

We apply for patents covering both our technologies and product candidates, as we deem appropriate. However, filing, prosecuting, maintaining and defending patents on product candidates in all countries throughout the world would be prohibitively expensive, and our intellectual property rights in some countries outside the United States are less extensive than those in the United States. We may also fail to apply for patents on important technologies or product candidates in a timely fashion, or at all. Our existing and future patents may not be sufficiently broad to prevent others from practicing our technologies or from designing products around our patents or otherwise developing competing products or technologies. In addition, the patent positions of companies like ours are highly uncertain and involve complex legal and factual questions for which important legal principles remain unresolved. No consistent policy regarding the breadth of patent claims has emerged to date in the United States. Additional uncertainty may result from legal decisions by the U.S. Federal Circuit and Supreme Court as they determine legal issues concerning the scope and construction of patent claims and inconsistent interpretation of patent laws or from legislation enacted by the U.S. Congress. The patent situation outside of the United States is also difficult to predict. As a result, the validity and enforceability of patents cannot be predicted with certainty. Moreover, we cannot be certain whether: 
 we (or our licensors) were the first to make the inventions covered by each of our issued patents and pending patent applications; 
 we (or our licensors) were the first to file patent applications for these inventions; 
 others will independently develop similar or alternative technologies or duplicate any of our technologies; 
 any of our or our licensors' patents will be valid or enforceable; 
 any patents issued to us (or our licensors) will provide us with any competitive advantages, or will be challenged by third parties; 
 we will be able to identify when others are infringing our (or our licensed) valid patent claims ; 
 others will claim we are infringing on their patent claims; 
 we will develop additional proprietary products or technologies that are patentable; or 
 the patents of others will have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 
 We do not know whether any of our pending patent applications or those pending patent applications that we license will result in the issuance of any patents. Even if patents are issued, they may not be sufficient to protect our technology or product candidates. Accordingly, even if issued, we cannot predict the breadth, validity and enforceability of the claims upheld in our and other companies' patents. The patents we own or license and those that may be issued in the future may be challenged, invalidated, rendered unenforceable, or circumvented, and the rights granted under any issued patents may not provide us with proprietary protection or competitive advantages. Moreover, third parties could practice our inventions in territories where we do not have patent protection or in territories where they could obtain a compulsory license to our technology where patented. Such third parties may then try to import products made using our inventions into the United States or other territories. 
 
 Many companies have encountered significant problems in protecting and defending intellectual property rights in foreign jurisdictions. The legal systems of certain countries do not favor the enforcement of patents or other intellectual property rights, which could hinder us from preventing the infringement of our patents or other intellectual property rights. Proceedings to enforce our patent rights in the United States or foreign jurisdictions could result in substantial costs and divert our efforts and attention from other aspects of our business, could put our patents at risk of being invalidated or interpreted narrowly and our patent applications at risk of not issuing and could provoke third parties to assert patent infringement or other claims against us. We may not prevail in any lawsuits that we initiate, and the damages or other remedies awarded, if any, may not be commercially meaningful. Accordingly, our efforts to enforce our intellectual property rights around the world may be inadequate to obtain a significant commercial advantage from the intellectual property that we develop or license from third parties. 
 
 Moreover, we have granted certain of our lenders liens on substantially all of our assets, including our intellectual property, as collateral. If we default on our payment obligations under these secured loans, such lenders have the right to foreclose upon and control the disposition of our assets, including our intellectual property assets, to satisfy our payment obligations under such instruments. If such default occurs, and our intellectual property assets are sold or licensed, our business could be materially adversely affected. 
 
 Unauthorized parties may attempt to copy or otherwise obtain and use our products or technology. Monitoring unauthorized use of our intellectual property is difficult, and we cannot be certain that the steps we have taken will prevent unauthorized use of our technology, particularly in certain foreign countries where the local laws may not protect our proprietary rights as fully as in the United States or may provide, today or in the future, for compulsory licenses. Moreover, in some cases our ability to determine if our intellectual property is being unlawfully used by a competitor may be limited. If competitors are able to use our technology, our ability to compete effectively could be harmed. Moreover, others may independently develop and obtain 
 27 

patents for technologies that are similar, or superior, to our technologies. If that happens, we may need to license these technologies, and we may not be able to obtain licenses on reasonable terms, if at all, which could cause harm to our business. 
 
 We rely in part on trade secrets to protect our technology, and our failure to obtain or maintain trade secret protection could adversely affect our competitive business position. 
 
 We rely on trade secrets to protect some of our technology, particularly where we do not believe patent protection is appropriate or obtainable. However, trade secrets are difficult to maintain and protect. Our strategy for contract manufacturing and scale-up of commercial production requires us to share confidential information with our international business partners and other parties. Our product development collaborations with third parties, including with DSM, Firmenich, Givaudan, Ingredion, Minerva and Yifan, require us to share certain confidential information. While we use reasonable efforts to protect our trade secrets, our or our business partners' employees, consultants, contractors or scientific and other advisors may unintentionally or willfully disclose our proprietary information to competitors. Enforcement of claims that a third party has illegally obtained and is using trade secrets is expensive, time consuming, and uncertain. In addition, foreign courts are sometimes less willing than U.S. courts to protect trade secrets. If our competitors lawfully obtain or independently develop equivalent knowledge, methods, and know-how, we would not be able to assert our trade secrets against them. 
 
 We require new employees and consultants to execute proprietary information and inventions agreements upon the commencement of an employment or consulting arrangement with us. We additionally require contractors, advisors, corporate collaboration partners, outside scientific collaboration partners, and other third parties that may receive trade secret information to execute such agreements or confidentiality agreements. These agreements generally require that all confidential information developed by the individual or made known to the individual by us during the course of the individual's relationship with us be kept confidential and not be disclosed to third parties. These agreements also typically provide that inventions conceived by the individual in the course of rendering services to us shall be our exclusive property. Nevertheless, our proprietary information may be disclosed, or these agreements may be unenforceable or difficult to enforce. If any of our trade secrets were to be lawfully obtained or independently developed by a competitor, we would have no right to prevent such third party, or those to whom they communicate such technology or information, from using that technology or information to compete with us. Additionally, trade secret law in Brazil differs from that in the United States, which requires us to take a different approach to protecting our trade secrets in Brazil. Some of these approaches to trade secret protection may be novel and untested under Brazilian law, and we cannot guarantee that we would prevail if our trade secrets are contested in Brazil. If any of the above risks materializes, our failure to obtain or maintain trade secret protection could materially adversely affect our competitive business position. 
 
 Third parties and former employees may misappropriate our trade secrets including those embodied in our yeast strains. 
 
 Third parties, including collaboration partners, contract manufacturers, other contractors, and shipping agents, as well as exiting employees, often have access to our trade secrets and custody or control of our yeast strains. If our trade secrets or yeast strains were stolen, misappropriated, or reverse engineered, they could be used by other parties who may be able to reproduce the yeast strains for their own commercial gain. If this were to occur, it would be difficult for us to challenge and prevent this type of use, especially in countries where we have limited intellectual property protection or that do not have robust intellectual property law regimes. 
 
 If we are, or one of our collaboration partners is, sued for infringing intellectual property rights or other proprietary rights of third parties, litigation could be costly and time consuming and could prevent us from developing or commercializing our future products. 
 
 Our commercial success depends on our and our collaboration partners' ability to operate without infringing the patents and proprietary rights of other parties and without breaching any agreements we have entered into with regard to our technologies and product candidates. We cannot determine with certainty whether patents or patent applications of other parties may materially affect our ability to conduct our business. Our industry spans several sectors, including biotechnology, renewable fuels, renewable specialty chemicals, and other renewable molecules, and is characterized by the existence of a significant number of patents and disputes regarding patent and other intellectual property rights. Because patent applications remain unpublished and confidential for eighteen months and can take several years to issue, there may currently be pending applications, unknown to us, that may result in issued patents that cover our technologies or product candidates. There may be a significant number of patents and patent applications relating to aspects of our technologies filed by, and issued to, third parties. The existence of third-party patent applications and patents could significantly reduce the coverage of patents owned by or licensed to us and our collaboration partners and limit our ability to obtain meaningful patent protection. If we wish to make, use, sell, offer to sell, or import the technology or compound claimed in issued and unexpired patents owned by others, we may need to obtain a license from the owner, develop or obtain alternative technologies, enter into litigation to challenge the validity 
 28 

of the patents, or incur the risk of litigation in the event that the owner asserts that we infringe its patents. If patents containing competitive or conflicting claims are issued to third parties and these claims are ultimately determined to be valid, we and our collaboration partners may be enjoined from pursing research, development, or commercialization of products, or be required to obtain licenses to these patents, or to develop or obtain alternative technologies. 
 
 If a third party asserts that we infringe upon its patents or other proprietary rights, we could face a number of issues that could materially harm our competitive position, including: 
 infringement and other intellectual property claims, which could be costly and time-consuming to litigate, whether or not the claims have merit, and could prevent or delay getting our products to market and divert management time and attention from our business; 
 substantial damages for past infringement, which we may have to pay if a court determines that our products or technologies infringe a third party's patent or other proprietary rights; 
 a court prohibiting us from selling or licensing our technologies or future products unless the holder licenses the patent or other proprietary rights to us, which it is not required to do; 
 the International Trade Commission prohibiting us from importing our products into the United States; and 
 the requirement from a third party to pay substantial royalties to license its patent(s), or grant cross licenses to our patents or proprietary rights. 
 
 The industries in which we operate, and the biotechnology industry in particular, are characterized by frequent and extensive litigation and patent agency procedures regarding patents and other intellectual property rights. Many biotechnology companies have employed intellectual property litigation as a way to gain a competitive advantage in our industry. If any of our competitors have filed patent applications or obtained patents that claim inventions also claimed by us, we may have to participate in interference proceedings declared by the relevant patent regulatory agency to determine priority of invention and, thus, the right to the patents for these inventions in the United States. In addition, third parties may be able to challenge the validity of one or more of our patents using available post-grant procedures including oppositions and inter partes reviews. These proceedings could result in substantial cost to us even if the outcome is favorable. Even if successful, an interference or post-grant proceeding may result in loss of certain of our patent claims. Our involvement in litigation, interferences, opposition proceedings or other intellectual property proceedings inside and outside of the United States, to defend our intellectual property rights, or as a result of alleged infringement of the rights of others, may divert management time and attention from business operations and could cause us to spend significant resources, all of which could harm our business and results of operations. 
 
 Many of our employees were previously employed at universities, and at biotechnology or specialty chemical companies, including our competitors or potential competitors. We may be subject to claims that these employees have inadvertently or otherwise used or disclosed trade secrets or other proprietary information of their former employers. Litigation may be necessary to defend against these claims. If we fail in defending such claims, in addition to paying monetary damages, we may lose valuable intellectual property rights or personnel and be enjoined from certain activities. A loss of key research personnel or their work product, especially to our competitors or potential competitors, could hamper or prevent our ability to commercialize our product candidates, which could materially harm our business. Even if we are successful in prosecuting or defending against these claims, litigation could result in substantial costs and demand on management resources. 
 
 From time to time, we may in the ordinary course of business be named as a defendant in lawsuits, indemnity claims and other legal proceedings or be the subject of a government investigation or enforcement action. In the event that such claims, proceedings, investigations or actions are ultimately resolved unfavorably to us at amounts exceeding our accrued liability, or at material amounts, the outcome could materially and adversely affect our reputation, business, financial condition, results of operations or growth prospects. 
 
 We may need to commence litigation to enforce our intellectual property rights, which would divert resources and management's time and attention with uncertain results. 
 
 Our commercial success depends in part on obtaining, maintaining, and defending intellectual property protection for our products and assets. Enforcement of our intellectual property rights may require us to bring claims against third parties that are using our proprietary rights without permission, and such process is expensive, time-consuming, and uncertain. Significant litigation would result in substantial costs, even if the eventual outcome is favorable to us, and would divert management's attention from our business objectives. In addition, an adverse outcome in litigation could result in a substantial loss of our proprietary rights, and we may lose our ability to exclude others from practicing our technology or producing our product candidates. 
 
 29 

Patent enforcement generally must be sought on a country-by-country basis, and the laws of some foreign countries do not protect intellectual property rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States. Many companies have encountered significant problems in protecting and defending intellectual property rights in certain foreign jurisdictions. The legal systems of certain countries, particularly certain developing countries, do not favor the enforcement of patents by foreign holders and other intellectual property protection, particularly those relating to biotechnology and/or biochemical technologies. This could make it difficult for us to stop the infringement of our patents or misappropriation of our other intellectual property rights. Proceedings to enforce our patent rights in foreign jurisdictions could result in substantial costs and divert our efforts and attention from other aspects of our business. Moreover, our efforts to protect our intellectual property rights in such countries may be inadequate. 
 
 We do not have exclusive rights to intellectual property we develop under U.S. federally funded research grants and contracts, including with DARPA and DOE, and we could ultimately share or lose the rights we do have under certain circumstances. 
 
 Some of our intellectual property rights have been or may be developed in the course of research funded by the U.S. government, including under our agreements with Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA) and Department of Energy (DOE). As a result, the U.S. government may have certain rights to intellectual property embodied in our current or future products pursuant to the Bayh-Dole Act of 1980. Government rights in certain inventions developed under a government-funded program include a non-exclusive, non-transferable, irrevocable worldwide license to use inventions for any governmental purpose. In addition, the U.S. government has the right to require us, or an assignee or exclusive licensee to such inventions, to grant licenses to any of these inventions to a third party if the U.S. government determines that: (i) adequate steps have not been taken to commercialize the invention; (ii) government action is necessary to meet public health or safety needs; (iii) government action is necessary to meet requirements for public use under federal regulations; or (iv) the right to use or sell such inventions is exclusively licensed to an entity within the United States and substantially manufactured outside the United States without the U.S. government s prior approval. Additionally, we may be restricted from granting exclusive licenses for the right to use or sell our inventions created pursuant to such agreements unless the licensee agrees to additional restrictions (e.g., manufacturing substantially all of the invention in the United States). The U.S. government also has the right to take title to these inventions if we fail to disclose the invention to the government and fail to file an application to register the intellectual property within specified time limits. In addition, the U.S. government may acquire title in any country in which a patent application is not filed within specified time limits. Further, certain inventions are subject to transfer restrictions during the term of these agreements and for a period thereafter, including sales of products or components, transfers to foreign subsidiaries for the purpose of the relevant agreements, and transfers to certain foreign third parties. If any of our intellectual property becomes subject to any of the rights or remedies available to the U.S. government or third parties pursuant to the Bayh-Dole Act of 1980, this could impair the value of our intellectual property and could adversely affect our business. 
 
 Our products subject us to product safety risks, and we may be sued for product liability. 
 
 The design, development, formulation, production, and sale of our products, in particular those designed for human consumption, involve an inherent risk of product liability claims and the associated adverse publicity. Our products could be used by a wide variety of consumers with varying levels of sophistication. Although safety is a priority for us, we are not always in control of the final uses and formulations of the products we supply or their use as ingredients. Our products could have detrimental impacts or adverse impacts we cannot anticipate. Despite our efforts, negative publicity about the Company, including product safety or similar concerns, whether real or perceived, could occur, and our products could face withdrawal, recall or other quality issues. In addition, we may be named directly in product liability suits relating to our products, including, among other things, that our products include inadequate instructions for use or inadequate warnings concerning possible side effects and interactions with other substances, even for defects resulting from errors of our commercial partners, contract manufacturers, chemical finishers, customers or end users of our products. These claims could be brought by various parties, including customers who are purchasing products directly from us or other users who purchase products from our customers. We could also be named as co-parties in product liability suits that are brought against the contract manufacturers with whom we partner to produce our products. Insurance coverage is expensive, may be difficult to obtain and may not be available in the future on acceptable terms. Any insurance we do maintain may not provide adequate coverage against potential losses, and if claims or losses exceed our liability insurance coverage, our business would be adversely impacted. In addition, insurance coverage may become more expensive, which would harm our results of operations. 
 
 Nutritional supplement products may not be supported by conclusive clinical studies, and sales of our consumable products and ingredients including alternative sweeteners and nutraceuticals could be negatively impacted by adverse publicity associated with any assertions made about the safety or efficacy of such ingredients and products. 
 
 30 

Certain consumer brands feature nutritional supplements that are made from vitamins, minerals, herbs, and other ingredients, all deemed safe for human consumption by the FDA. All of our products are tested for quality, safety and efficacy based on consumer feedback and third party inspections in a controlled laboratory environment. Although we believe that our products are safe when taken as directed, we have not yet performed or sponsored randomized, double-blinded placebo human clinical studies. Furthermore, because we are highly dependent on consumers' perception of the quality, safety and efficacy of our products, as well as similar products distributed by other companies, we could be adversely affected in the event that those products prove or are asserted to be ineffective or harmful to consumers or in the event of adverse publicity associated with any illness or other adverse effects resulting from consumers use or misuse of our products or similar products of our competitors. For example, on February 27, 2023, one new study was published relating to the cardiovascular risk associated with the sweetener ingredient, erythritol, which is in Purecane products. Erythritol has been classified as Generally Recognized as Safe in the United States since 2001 and consumed globally for many years; however, any such negative publicity around the potential health risks associated with an ingredient in our products could negatively impact consumer demand, customer satisfaction, and product sales, or expose us to potential legal claims. 
 
 R isks Related to Ownership of Our Common Stock 
 
 Our stock price has been, and may continue to be, volatile. 
 
 The market price of our common stock has been, and may continue to be, subject to material volatility. Such fluctuations could be in response to, among other things, the factors described in this Risk Factors section, or other factors, some of which are beyond our control, such as: 
 fluctuations in our financial results or outlook, or those of companies perceived to be similar to us; 
 changes in estimates of our financial results or recommendations by securities analysts; 
 changes in the prices of commodities associated with our business or changes in the prices of commodities that some of our products may replace, such as oil and other petroleum sourced products; 
 changes in our capital structure, such as future issuances of securities or the incurrence of debt; 
 announcements by us or our competitors of significant contracts, acquisitions or strategic partnerships; 
 regulatory developments in the United States, Brazil, and/or other foreign countries; 
 the ongoing impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic and resulting impact on stock market performance; 
 litigation or government investigations involving us or our general industry; 
 additions or departures of key personnel; 
 investors general perceptions of us; and 
 changes in general economic, industry and market conditions. 
 
 Furthermore, stock markets have experienced price and volume fluctuations that have affected, and continue to affect, the market prices of equity securities of many companies. These fluctuations often have been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of those companies. These broad market fluctuations, as well as general economic, political and market conditions, such as recessions, interest rate changes and international currency fluctuations, may negatively affect the market price of our common stock. 
 
 Additionally, the global economy and financial markets may be adversely affected by geopolitical events, including the current or anticipated impact of military conflict and related sanctions imposed on Russia by the United States and other countries due to Russia's recent invasion of Ukraine. 
 
 In the past, many companies that have experienced volatility and sustained declines in the market price of their stock have become subject to securities class action and derivative action litigation. We have been involved in four such lawsuits that were dismissed in September 2017, July 2018 and September 2018, and in another such lawsuit that was resolved in December 2020. We are currently defending three such lawsuits, as described in more detail below under Legal Proceedings, and we may be the target of this type of litigation in the future. Securities litigation against us could result in substantial costs and divert our management s attention from other business concerns, which could materially harm our business. Any insurance we maintain may not provide adequate coverage against potential losses from such securities litigation, and if claims or losses exceed our liability insurance coverage, our business would be adversely impacted. In addition, insurance coverage may become more expensive, which would harm our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 The concentration of our capital stock ownership and certain rights we have granted to insiders will limit the ability of other stockholders to influence corporate matters and presents risks related to our future securities offerings, which could substantially impact our business. 
 
 31 

As of December 31, 2022, over 30 of our capital stock was beneficially owned by a limited number of stockholders, including Foris Ventures, LLC (Foris) and DSM. Furthermore, Foris and other insider stockholders hold some or a combination of convertible preferred stock, warrants and purchase rights, pursuant to which they may acquire additional shares of our common stock and thereby increase their ownership interest in the Company. Additionally, Foris is indirectly owned by John Doerr, one of our current directors, and DSM has one director on our Board of Directors pursuant to designation rights under its agreement with the Company. This significant concentration of share ownership may adversely affect the trading price of our common stock because investors often perceive disadvantages in owning stock in companies with stockholders with significant interests. Also, these stockholders, acting together, may be able to control or materially influence our management and affairs and matters requiring stockholder approval, including the election of directors and the approval of significant corporate transactions such as mergers, consolidations or the sale of all or substantially all of our assets, and may not act in the best interests of our other stockholders. Consequently, this concentration of ownership may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control or a change in our management or Board of Directors, or discouraging a potential acquirer from making a tender offer or otherwise attempting to obtain control of the Company, even if such actions would benefit our other stockholders. 
 
 While we have a related party transactions policy that requires certain approvals of any transaction between the Company and a significant stockholder or its affiliates, there can be no assurance that our significant stockholders will act in the best interests of our other stockholders, which could harm our results of operations and cause our stock price to decline. 
 
 Future sales and issuances of our common stock, convertible securities, warrants or rights to purchase common stock could result in additional dilution of the percentage ownership of our stockholders and could cause our stock price to decline. 
 
 From time to time, we have sold a substantial number of warrants and rights to acquire our common stock as well as convertible securities, which, if exercised, purchased, or converted, result in dilution to our stockholders. In the future, we may sell additional warrants, rights, convertible or exchangeable securities or other equity securities in one or more transactions at prices and in a manner we determine from time to time, to finance our business operations and investments. To the extent we raise capital by issuing equity securities, our stockholders may experience substantial dilution. 
 
 If our existing stockholders, particularly our largest stockholders, our directors, their affiliates, or our executive officers, sell a substantial number of shares of our common stock in the public market, the market price of our common stock could decrease materially. The perception in the public market that these stockholders might sell our common stock could also depress the market price of our common stock and could impair our future ability to obtain capital, especially through an offering of equity securities. 
 
 We have in place, or have agreed to file, registration statements for the resale of certain shares of our common stock held by, or issuable to, certain of our largest stockholders. All of our common stock sold pursuant to an offering covered by such registration statements will be freely transferable. In addition, shares of our common stock issued or issuable under our equity incentive plans to employees and directors have been registered on Form S-8 registration statements and may be freely sold in the public market upon issuance, except for shares held by affiliates who have certain restrictions on their ability to sell. 
 
 The conditional conversion feature of our 2026 Convertible Senior Notes, if triggered, may adversely affect our financial condition and operating results. 
 
 In the event the conditional conversion feature of our 2026 Convertible Senior Notes is triggered, holders thereof will be entitled to convert the 2026 Convertible Senior Notes into shares of our common stock, at any time during specified periods at their option. If one or more holders elect to convert their notes, unless we elect to satisfy our conversion obligation by delivering solely shares of our common stock (other than cash in lieu of any fractional share), we would be required to settle a portion or all of our conversion obligation through the payment of cash, which could adversely affect our liquidity. In addition, even if holders of the 2026 Convertible Senior Notes do not elect to convert their notes, we could be required under applicable accounting rules to reclassify all or a portion of the outstanding principal of the 2026 Convertible Senior Notes as a current rather than long-term liability, which would result in a material reduction of our net working capital. 
 
 The capped call transactions may affect the value of our 2026 Convertible Senior Notes and our common stock. 
 
 In connection with the pricing of the 2026 Convertible Senior Notes, we entered into capped call transactions with certain of the initial purchasers or their respective affiliates and other financial institutions (the option counterparties ). The capped call transactions are expected generally to reduce the potential dilution to our common stock upon any conversion of the notes and/or offset any cash payments we are required to make in excess of the principal amount of converted notes, as the case may be, with such reduction and/or offset subject to a cap. In addition, the option counterparties and/or their respective affiliates may 
 32 

modify their hedge. This could also cause or avoid an increase or a decrease in the market price of our common stock or the notes, which could affect holders ability to convert the 2026 Convertible Senior Notes which may potentially affect the number of shares and value of the consideration that note holders will receive upon conversion of the 2026 Convertible Senior Notes. 
 
 We are subject to counterparty risk with respect to the capped call transactions related to our 2026 Convertible Senior Notes. 
 
 The option counterparties may default or otherwise fail to perform, or terminate, their obligations under the capped call transactions. Our exposure to the credit risk of the option counterparties will not be secured by any collateral. Past global economic conditions have resulted in the actual or perceived failure or financial difficulties of many financial institutions. If an option counterparty becomes subject to insolvency proceedings, we would become an unsecured creditor in those proceedings. In addition, any default or other failure to perform, or a termination of obligations, by an option counterparty, may cause our shares of common stock to be further diluted more than we currently anticipate. 
 
 We are subject to new U.S. foreign investment regulations which may impose additional burdens on or may limit certain investors' ability to purchase our common stock, potentially making our common stock less attractive to investors. 
 
 The U.S. Department of Treasury implemented part of the Foreign Investment Risk Review Modernization Act (FIRRMA) on November 10, 2018. The FIRRMA program expands the jurisdiction of the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States (CFIUS), to include certain direct or indirect foreign investments in a defined category of U.S. companies, including companies involved in critical infrastructure and critical technologies. Among other things, FIRRMA empowers CFIUS to require certain mandatory filings in connection with certain foreign investments in U.S. companies and permits CFIUS to charge filing fees related to such filings. Such filings are subject to review by CFIUS, which will have the authority to recommend that the U.S. President block or impose conditions on certain foreign investments in companies subject to CFIUS s oversight. Any such restrictions on the ability of foreign investors to invest in the Company could limit our ability to engage in strategic transactions that may benefit our stockholders, including a change of control, and may prevent our stockholders from receiving a premium for their shares of our common stock in connection with a change of control, and could also affect the price that some investors are willing to pay for our common stock. 
 
 If securities or industry analysts do not publish or cease publishing research or reports about us, our business or our market, or if they change their recommendations regarding our stock adversely, our stock price and trading volume could decline. 
 
 The trading market for our common stock can be influenced by the research and reports that industry or securities analysts publish about us, our business, our market or our competitors. If any of the analysts who cover the Company change their recommendation regarding our stock adversely, or provide more favorable relative recommendations about our competitors, our stock price may decline. If any analyst who covers the Company were to cease coverage of our stock or fail to regularly publish reports on the Company, we could lose visibility in the financial markets, which in turn could cause our stock price or trading volume to decline. 
 
 We do not expect to declare any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. 
 
 We do not anticipate declaring any cash dividends to holders of our common stock in the foreseeable future. In addition, certain of our equipment leases and credit facilities currently restrict our ability to pay dividends. Consequently, investors may need to rely on sales of their shares of our common stock after price appreciation, which may never occur, as the only way to realize any future gains on their investment. Investors seeking cash dividends should not purchase our common stock. 
 
 Anti-takeover provisions contained in our Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws, as well as provisions of Delaware law, could impair a takeover attempt. 
 
 Our Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws contain provisions that could delay or prevent a change in control. These provisions could also make it more difficult for stockholders to nominate directors and take other corporate actions. These provisions include: 
 a staggered Board of Directors; 
 authorizing the Board of Directors to issue, without stockholder approval, preferred stock with rights senior to those of our common stock; 
 authorizing the Board of Directors to amend our Bylaws, to increase the number of directors and to fill board vacancies until the end of the term of the applicable class of directors; 
 prohibiting stockholder action by written consent; 
 33 

limiting the liability of, and providing indemnification to, our directors and officers; 
 eliminating the ability of our stockholders to call special meetings; and 
 requiring advance notification of stockholder nominations and proposals. 
 
 Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law (DGCL) prohibits, subject to some exceptions, business combinations between a Delaware corporation and an interested stockholder, which is generally defined as a stockholder who becomes a beneficial owner of 15 or more of a Delaware corporation s voting stock, for a three-year period following the date that the stockholder became an interested stockholder. While we have agreed to opt out of Section 203 through our Certificate of Incorporation, our Certificate of Incorporation contains substantially similar protections to the Company and stockholders as those afforded under Section 203. 
 
 These and other provisions in our Certificate of Incorporation and our Bylaws could discourage potential takeover attempts, reduce the price that investors are willing to pay in the future for shares of our common stock and result in the market price of our common stock being lower than it would be without these provisions. 
 
 The exclusive forum provisions in our restated Bylaws may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or any of our directors, officers, or other employees, which may discourage lawsuits with respect to such claims. 
 
 In November 2020, we amended our restated Bylaws to provide that, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware will be the exclusive forum for any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf; any action asserting a breach of fiduciary duty; any action asserting a claim against us arising pursuant to the DGCL, our certificate of incorporation, or our restated Bylaws; or any action asserting a claim against us that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine. Our restated bylaws further provide that the U.S. federal district courts will, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be the exclusive forum for resolving any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act, or a Federal Forum Provision. Our decision to adopt a Federal Forum Provision followed a decision by the Supreme Court of the State of Delaware holding that such provisions are facially valid under Delaware law. While there can be no assurance that federal or state courts will follow the holding of the Delaware Supreme Court or determine that the Federal Forum Provision should be enforced in a particular case, application of the Federal Forum Provision means that suits brought by our stockholders to enforce any duty or liability created by the Securities Act must be brought in federal court and cannot be brought in state court. 
 
 These choice of forum provisions may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or any of our directors, officers, or other employees, which may discourage lawsuits with respect to such claims. Alternatively, if a court were to find the choice of forum provisions contained in our Certificate of Incorporation or restated Bylaws to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions, which could harm our business, financial condition, and results of operations. In addition, Section 203 of the DGCL may discourage, delay or prevent a change in control of our company. 
 
 General Risks 
 
 Loss of key personnel, including key executives and key members of our research and development programs and our brand teams, and/or failure to attract and retain additional personnel could delay our product development programs and harm our research and development efforts and the commercialization efforts of our brands, which could impact our ability to meet our business objectives. 
 
 Our business involves complex, global operations across a variety of markets and requires a management team and employee workforce that are knowledgeable in the many areas in which we operate. As we continue to build our business, we will need to hire and retain qualified research and development, management, and other personnel to succeed. The process of hiring, training, and successfully integrating qualified personnel (including ones who were hired through acquisitions) into our operations in the United States, Brazil, and other countries in which we may seek to operate, can be lengthy and expensive. The market for qualified personnel is very competitive because of the limited number of people available who have the necessary technical skills and understanding of our technology and products. Our failure to hire and retain qualified personnel could impair our ability to meet our research and development and business objectives and adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 The loss of any key member of our management or any key technical and operational employee, or the failure to attract or retain such employees, could prevent us from developing and commercializing our products for our target markets and executing our business strategy. In addition, we may not be able to attract or retain qualified employees in the future due to the intense 
 34 

competition for qualified personnel among biotechnology and other technology-based businesses. Furthermore, the loss of one or more of our employees to a competitor could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations and ability to capitalize on our proprietary information, particularly if we cannot enforce any non-compete or non-solicitation obligations with respect to our employees. 
 
 If we do not maintain the necessary personnel to accomplish our business objectives, we may experience staffing constraints that will adversely affect our ability to meet the demands of our collaboration partners and customers in a timely fashion or to support our internal research and development programs and operations. In particular, our product and process development programs depend on our ability to attract and retain highly skilled technical and operational personnel. Competition for such personnel from numerous companies and academic and other research institutions may limit our ability to do so on acceptable terms. All of our U.S. employees are at-will employees, which means that either the employee or the Company may terminate the employee's employment at any time. 
 
 Our operations rely on sophisticated information technology and equipment systems, a disruption of which could harm our operations. 
 
 We rely on various information technology and equipment systems, some of which are dependent on services provided by third parties, to manage our technology platform and operations. These systems provide critical data and services for internal and external users, including research and development activities, procurement and inventory management, transaction processing, financial, commercial and operational data, partner and joint venture activities, human resources management, legal and tax compliance and other processes necessary to operate and manage our business. These systems are complex and are frequently updated as technology improves, and include software and hardware that is licensed, leased, or purchased from third parties. If our information technology and equipment systems experience breaches or other failures or disruptions, our systems and the information contained therein could be compromised. While we have implemented security measures and disaster recovery plans designed to mitigate the effects of any failures or disruption of these systems, such measures may not adequately prevent adverse events such as breaches or failures from occurring or mitigate their severity if they do occur. If our information technology or equipment systems are breached, damaged, or fail to function properly due to internal errors or defects, implementation or integration issues, catastrophic events, or power outages, we may experience a material disruption in our ability to manage our business operations. Failure or disruption of these systems could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Increased security threats to information systems and more sophisticated, targeted computer invasions could pose a risk to our technology platform and operations. 
 
 Increased information systems security threats, cyber- or phishing-attacks and more sophisticated, targeted computer invasions pose a risk to the security of our systems and networks, and the confidentiality, availability, and integrity of our data, operations, and communications. Exposure to such risks is enhanced in our remote work environment as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. Cyber-attacks against our technology platform and infrastructure could result in exposure of confidential information, the modification of critical data, and/or the failure of critical operations. Likewise, improper or inadvertent employee behavior, including data privacy breaches by employees and others with permitted access to our systems may pose a risk that sensitive data may be exposed to unauthorized persons or to the public. While we attempt to mitigate these risks by employing a number of measures, including security measures, employee training, comprehensive monitoring of our networks and systems, maintenance of backup and protective systems, and incident response procedures, if these measures prove inadequate, we could be adversely affected by, among other things, loss or damage of intellectual property, proprietary and confidential information, data integrity, and communications or customer data, increased costs to prevent, respond to, or mitigate these cyber security threats and interruptions of our business operations. 
 
 Growth may place material demands on our management, our infrastructure, and our contract manufacturing relationships. 
 
 We have experienced, and expect to continue to experience, expansion of our business as we continue to make efforts to develop and bring our products to market. We have grown from approximately 300 employees at the time of our initial public offering in 2010 to 1,598 full-time employees at December 31, 2022. Our growth and diversified operations have placed, and may continue to place, material demands on our management and our operational and financial infrastructure, particularly with respect to integrating the business practices, operations, and personnel with those of any of our acquired businesses. In particular, continued growth could strain our ability to: 
 manage multiple research and development programs; 
 operate multiple manufacturing facilities around the world; 
 35 

develop and improve our operational, financial and management controls; 
 enhance our reporting systems and procedures; 
 recruit, train, and retain highly skilled personnel; 
 fully realize the anticipated benefits of our acquired companies and businesses; 
 develop and maintain our relationships with existing and potential business partners including contract manufacturers; 
 maintain our quality standards; and 
 maintain customer satisfaction. 
 
 Managing our growth will require material expenditures and allocation of valuable management resources. If we fail to achieve the necessary level of efficiency in our organization as it grows, our business, financial condition, and results of operations would be adversely impacted. 
 
 Our headquarters and other facilities are located in active earthquake, tsunami or hurricane zones, and an earthquake, hurricane, wildfire or other type of natural disaster affecting us or our suppliers could cause resource shortages, disrupt our business and harm our results of operations. 
 
 We conduct our primary research and development operations in the San Francisco Bay Area in an active earthquake and tsunami zone, and certain of our suppliers conduct their operations in the same region or in other locations that are susceptible to natural disasters. In addition, California and some of the locations where certain of our suppliers are located have experienced shortages of water, electric power and natural gas from time to time. The occurrence of a hurricane or associated flooding in the Wilmington, North Carolina area could cause damage to our facility located in Leland or result in localized extended outages of utilities or transportation systems. The occurrence of a natural disaster, such as an earthquake, wildfire, hurricane, drought or flood, or localized extended outages of critical utilities or transportation systems, or any critical resource shortages, affecting us or our suppliers could cause a material interruption in our business, damage or destroy our facilities, production equipment or inventory or those of our suppliers and cause us to incur material costs or result in limitations on the availability of our raw materials, any of which could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. The insurance we maintain against earthquakes, fires and other natural disasters may not be adequate to cover our losses in any particular case. Our facilities undergo annual loss control audits and both our Emeryville and Leland facilities have emergency actions plans outlining emergency response practices for these and other emergency scenarios. Training on emergency response is provided to all employees at hire and annually thereafter as a refresh. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 
 None. 
 36 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 
 We lease our principal office and research and development facilities located in Emeryville, California. We hold a 49 ownership interest in a manufacturing facility located in Leland, North Carolina, lease a pilot plant and demonstration facility and related office and laboratory space located in Campinas, Brazil, are the majority owner of a precision fermentation facility located in Barra Bonita, Brazil, and are guarantor to a manufacturing facility lease in Reno, Nevada. In May 2022, we acquired Interfaces, a manufacturing facility subject to a lease in the State of Sao Paulo, Brazil. In 2022, we entered into certain leases in New York, Florida, and England that will be used as office and retail space for our consumer business and a financial shared service center. Our lease agreements expire at various dates through 2039. 
 
 We believe that our current facilities are suitable and adequate to meet our needs and that additional space will be available to accommodate the foreseeable expansion of our operations. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 For a description of our significant pending legal proceedings, please see Note 9, Commitments and Contingencies of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 
 Not applicable. 
 37 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 
 Market Information for Common Stock 
 
 Our common stock is traded on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol AMRS. At March 14, 2023, there were 166 common stockholders of record (not including beneficial holders of stock held in street names). 
 
 Dividend Policy 
 
 We have never declared or paid any cash dividend on our common stock. We do not expect to pay cash dividends in the foreseeable future. 
 
 Performance Graph 
 
 The following graph compares the cumulative total return on Amyris's common stock with the cumulative total return of the Vanguard Standard Poor's (S P) SmallCap 600 Index and the S P 500 Index for the five-year period ended December 31, 2022. The graph assumes that the value of the investment in Amyris and in each index was 100 on December 31, 2017 and assumes that all dividends were reinvested. 
 
 COMPARISON OF 5-YEAR CUMULATIVE TOTAL RETURN 
 Among Amyris, Inc., 
 the Russell 2000 Index and the Nasdaq Composite Index 

100 invested on 12/31/2017 in stock or index, including reinvestment of dividends. 
 
 December 31, 2017 December 31, 2018 December 31, 2019 December 31, 2020 December 31, 2021 December 31, 2022 Amyris, Inc. 100.00 89.07 82.40 164.80 144.27 40.80 Russell 2000 100.00 87.82 108.66 128.61 146.23 114.70 Nasdaq Composite 100.00 96.12 129.97 186.69 226.63 151.61 
 
 38 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 
 For information regarding unregistered sales of our equity securities during the two years ended December 31, 2022, see the financial statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 
 
 The following table shows certain information concerning our common stock reserved for issuance in connection with our 2005 Stock Option/Stock Issuance Plan, our 2010 Equity Incentive Plan, our 2020 Equity Incentive Plan, and our 2010 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, all as of December 31, 2022: 
 Plan category Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options Number of securities to be issued upon vesting of outstanding restricted stock units Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans(1)(2) Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 4,504,430 6.72 16,897,826 45,285,559 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders Total 4,504,430 6.72 16,897,826 45,285,559 
 
 (1) Includes 41,855,461 shares reserved for future issuance under our 2020 Equity Incentive Plan and 3,430,098 shares reserved for future issuance under our 2010 Employee Stock Purchase Plan. No shares are reserved for future issuance under our 2005 Stock Option/Stock Issuance Plan other than shares issuable upon exercise of equity awards outstanding under such plan. 
 
 (2) Effective January 1, 2023, the number of shares available for future issuance under our 2020 Equity Incentive Plan is expected to be increased by up to 18,237,263 shares pursuant to the automatic increase provision in the 2020 Equity Incentive Plan, and the number of shares available for future issuance under our 2010 Employee Stock Purchase Plan is expected to be increased by up to 3,637,452 shares, in each case pursuant to automatic increase provisions in the respective plans, as discussed in more detail below. 
 
 Our 2020 Equity Incentive Plan includes all shares of our common stock previously reserved but unissued under the 2010 Equity Incentive Plan and all shares of our common stock reserved for issuance under our 2005 Stock Option/Stock Issuance Plan immediately prior to our initial public offering that were not subject to outstanding grants as of the completion of such offering. In addition, any shares of our common stock (i) issuable upon exercise of stock options granted under our 2005 Stock Option/Stock Issuance Plan or under our 2010 Equity Incentive Plan that cease to be subject to such options and (ii) issued under our 2005 Stock Option/Stock Issuance Plan or under our 2010 Equity Incentive Plan that are forfeited or repurchased by us at the original issue price, will become part of our 2020 Equity Incentive Plan reserve. 
 
 The number of shares available for grant and issuance under our 2020 Equity Incentive Plan is increased on January 1 of each year during the term of the plan by an amount equal to the lesser of (1) five percent (5 of our shares outstanding on the immediately preceding December 31 and (2) a number of shares as may be determined by our Board of Directors or the Leadership, Development, Inclusion, and Compensation Committee in their discretion. In addition, shares will again be available for grant and issuance under our 2020 Equity Incentive Plan that are: 
 
 subject to issuance upon exercise of an option or stock appreciation right granted under our 2020 Equity Incentive Plan and that cease to be subject to such award for any reason other than the award s exercise; 
 
 subject to an award granted under our 2020 Equity Incentive Plan and that are subsequently forfeited or repurchased by us at the original issue price; 
 
 surrendered pursuant to an exchange program; or 
 
 subject to an award granted under our 2020 Equity Incentive Plan that otherwise terminates without shares being issued. 
 
 The number of shares reserved for issuance under our 2010 Employee Stock Purchase Plan is increased on January 1 of each year during the term of the plan by an amount equal to the lesser of (1) one percent (1 of our shares outstanding on the 
 39 

immediately preceding December 31 and (2) a number of shares as may be determined by our Board of Directors or the Leadership, Development, Inclusion, and Compensation Committee of the Board in their discretion, provided that the aggregate number of shares issued over the term of our 2010 Employee Stock Purchase Plan shall not exceed 1,666,666 shares. 

ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 Overview 
 
 We are a biotechnology company delivering sustainable, science-based ingredients and consumer products that are better than incumbent options for people and the planet. To accelerate the world s transition to sustainable consumption, we create, manufacture, and commercialize consumer products and ingredients that reach more than 300 million consumers. The largest component of our revenue is derived from marketing and selling Clean Beauty, Personal Care, and Health Wellness consumer products through our direct-to-consumer e-commerce platforms and a growing network of retail partners. Our proprietary sustainable ingredients are sold in bulk to industrial leaders who serve Flavor Fragrance (F F), Nutrition, Food Beverage, and Clean Beauty Personal Care end markets. 
 
 We began 2022 with eight consumer brands, Biossance clean beauty skincare, JVN TM haircare, Rose Inc. TM clean color cosmetics, Pipette clean baby skincare, Costa Brazil luxury skincare, OLIKA TM clean wellness, Purecane TM zero-calorie sweetener, and Terasana clean skincare. During 2022, we added MenoLabs TM , a brand focused on healthy living and menopause wellness, EcoFabulous TM clean beauty for Gen-Z consumers, and Stripes TM (peri)menopausal wellness; and prepared to discontinue the Terasana business. In the first quarter of 2023, we launched 4U by Tia TM , a new clean haircare line exclusively available in Walmart. 
 
 The ingredients and consumer products we produce are powered by our unique, fermentation-based Lab-to-Market TM technology platform. This technology platform creates a portfolio connection between our proprietary science and formulation expertise, our manufacturing capability at industrial scale, and our ability to commercialize sustainable products that give consumers the power to choose products that benefit the planet. Our technology platform offers advantages to traditional methods of sourcing similar ingredients (such as petrochemistry, unsustainable agricultural practices, and extraction from organisms). These advantages include but are not limited to renewable and ethical sourcing of raw materials, less resource-intensive production, minimal impact on sensitive ecosystems, enhanced purity and safety profile, less vulnerability to climate disruption, and improved supply chain resilience. We bring together biology and engineering to produce sustainable materials that are scarce or endangered in nature. We leverage state-of-the-art machine learning, robotics, and artificial intelligence, which enable our technology platform to rapidly bring new innovation to market. Our revenue is generated from consumer product sales, ingredient product sales, research and development collaboration programs and grants, and consumer marketing services. 
 
 Our state-of-the-art infrastructure includes industry-leading strain engineering and lab automation located in Emeryville, California; pilot-scale production facilities in Emeryville and Campinas, Brazil; a demonstration-scale facility in Campinas; commercial scale production facilities in Leland, North Carolina and the State of Sao Paolo, Brazil. While a wide variety of feedstocks for production exists, we source Brazilian sugarcane for our large-scale production because of its supply resilience, renewability, low cost, and relative price stability. As of December 31, 2022, we have commissioned three lines of our new purpose-built, large-scale precision fermentation facility in Brazil, which we anticipate will accommodate the manufacturing of up to five products concurrently. We expect to commission the remaining lines in 2023. Pending full commissioning of the new facility, we continue to manufacture our products at manufacturing sites, some of which are third party, in Brazil, the United States, and Europe. 
 
 The results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 reflected impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic, as well as the ongoing conflict in Ukraine. At the onset of the pandemic, we saw a shift in consumer behavior from purchasing in brick and mortar retail stores to online shopping. These events have also caused delays and increased costs within our supply chain, particularly related to inbound freight, packaging and componentry and other input costs. Inflationary pressures, rising interest rates, and risk of recession inherently result in uncertainty in business trends and consumer behavior. Although we are not currently seeing meaningful signs of a slowdown in consumer demand for our products, we are closely monitoring economic conditions. 
 
 40 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 
 Management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition are based on our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S. (U.S. GAAP). We believe that the critical accounting policies described in this section are those that significantly impact our financial condition and results of operations and require the most subjective or complex judgements, often as a result of the need to make estimates about the effects of matters that are inherently uncertain. Because of this uncertainty, actual results may vary from these estimates. 
 
 Our most critical accounting estimates include: 
 Revenue recognition, including arrangements with multiple performance obligations; 
 Valuation and allocation of fair value to elements of complex related party transactions; 
 Valuation of freestanding and embedded derivatives, which impacts gains or losses on such derivatives, the carrying value of debt, interest expense, and deemed dividends; 
 Valuation of debt for which we have elected fair value accounting; and 
 Valuation of goodwill, intangible assets, and contingent consideration payables, which are generated through business acquisitions. 
 
 A summary of our significant accounting policies is contained in Note 1 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. This listing is not intended to be a comprehensive list of all of our accounting policies. 

Results of Operations 
 
 Revenue 
 Years Ended December 31, (In thousands) 2022 2021 Change Revenue: Renewable products 222,323 149,703 49 Licenses and royalties 32,434 173,812 (81) Collaborations, grants and other 15,090 18,302 (18) Total revenue 269,847 341,817 (21) 
 
 Total revenue was 269.6 million in 2022 compared to 341.8 million in 2021. Revenue in 2022 decreased by 21 primarily due to a large license revenue transaction in 2021 that did not repeat in 2022, offset in part by continued double-digit growth in renewable products. 
 
 Renewable products revenue increased by 49 to 222.3 million in 2022, due to an 84.9 million (92 increase in consumer products revenue partially offset by a 12.3 million (21 decrease in ingredients revenue. 
 
 Licenses and royalties revenue decreased by 81 to 32.4 million in 2022, primarily due to a 149.6 million license in 2021 of intellectual property for our flavors and fragrances molecules, the sale of certain farnesene technology to DSM, and 10.0 million of license revenue from the licensing of RebM related intellectual property to PureCircle. 
 
 Collaborations, grants, and other revenue decreased by 18 to 15.1 million in 2022, mainly due to decreased collaboration revenue from DSM. 
 
 41 

Cost and Operating Expenses 
 Years Ended December 31, (In thousands) 2022 2021 Change Cost of products sold 258,668 155,139 67 Research and development 110,215 94,289 17 Sales, general and administrative 493,629 257,811 91 Change in fair value of acquisition-related contingent consideration (24,874) nm Restructuring 1,192 Impairment 12,204 (100) Total cost and operating expenses 838,830 519,443 61 
 ______________ 
 "nm" indicates not meaningful 
 
 Cost of Products Sold 
 
 Cost of products sold increased by 67 to 258.7 million in 2022, due to a corresponding 49 increase in renewable products revenue, coupled with an increase in manufacturing input costs for our ingredients products as well as increased freight and logistics costs for our consumer products business. 
 
 Research and Development Expenses 
 
 Research and development expenses increased by 17 to 110.2 million in 2022, primarily due to an increase in employee compensation. 
 
 Sales, General, and Administrative Expenses 
 
 Sales, general, and administrative expenses increased by 91 to 493.6 million in 2022, primarily due to increased sales and marketing expense and employee compensation related to our consumer brands. 
 
 Change in Fair Value of Acquisition-Related Contingent Consideration 
 
 The Company established earnout liabilities for certain of its acquisitions that are contingent upon the achievement of certain financial and other metrics over multiple years. These liabilities are remeasured quarterly based upon actual results to date and projections for future periods. In fiscal year 2022, the Company reduced the related liabilities by 24.9 million. 
 
 Restructuring 
 
 In the fourth quarter of 2022, the Company committed to its "Fit-to-Win" strategy, which is a company-wide initiative with a goal of delivering 150.0 million of benefit in fiscal year 2023. This program will include price increases on selective ingredients and consumer products, production and shipping cost reductions, and reductions within SG A related to shipping and fulfillment, paid media, and workforce right-sizing. During 2022, the Company recognized restructuring expense of 1.2 million related to employee severance. 
 Impairment 
 Impairment expense was 0 in 2022 and 12.2 million in 2021. In 2021, we impaired the remaining 12.2 million asset related to manufacturing capacity fees paid to DSM for the production of RebM at DSM's Brotas, Brazil facility. Due to the 2022 commissioning of our new fermentation facility in Barra Bonita, Brazil, we determined RebM would not be manufactured at the DSM facility in 2022 and concluded that the asset was no longer recoverable. 
 42 

Other Income (Expense), Net 
 Years Ended December 31, (In thousands) 2022 2021 Change Interest expense (24,733) (25,605) (3) Gain (loss) from change in fair value of derivative instruments 3,905 1,453 169 Gain (loss) from change in fair value of debt 53,400 (38,649) (238) Loss upon extinguishment of debt (32,464) (100) Other (expense) income, net (2,214) 580 (482) Total other income (expense), net 30,358 (94,685) (132) 
 
 Total other income, net, was 30.4 million in 2022, compared to other expense, net, of 94.7 million in 2021. The 125.0 million change was primarily comprised of a 92.0 million decrease in loss from change in fair value of debt and a 32.5 million decrease in loss upon extinguishment of debt. 
 
 Interest expense decreased slightly to 24.7 million in 2022 compared to 25.6 million in 2021 as the weighted average debt balance was similar year over year. 
 
 The increase in gain in fair value of derivative instruments was due to the decrease in our stock price during 2022. 
 
 The change from a loss to a gain in fair value of debt was due to the decrease in our stock price during 2022. 
 
 The loss upon extinguishment of debt for the year ended December 31, 2021 was primarily due to a 28.9 million loss in connection with exchange of the Schottenfeld notes into common stock, and early payment penalties in connection with the repayment in full of certain other debt instruments. There was no extinguishment of debt in fiscal year 2022. 
 
 Income Taxes 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, we recorded an income tax benefit of 2.7 million due to losses in our foreign affiliates and an income tax benefit from an acquisition. For the year ended December 31, 2021, we recorded an income tax benefit of 8.1 million related to the reversal of an uncertain tax position for which the statute of limitations had expired. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 Years Ended December 31, (In thousands) 2022 2021 Net cash (used in) provided by: Operating activities (525,894) (181,333) Investing activities (123,707) (64,098) Financing activities 231,413 701,962 Effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 474 359 Net (decrease) increase in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash (417,714) 456,890 
 
 Liquidity 
 
 We have incurred operating losses since our inception, and we expect to continue to incur losses and negative cash flows from operations in 2023. As of December 31, 2022, we had working capital of 80.8 million, an accumulated deficit of 2.9 billion, and unrestricted cash and cash equivalents of 64.4 million. As of December 31, 2022, the principal amounts due under our debt instruments totaled 923.0 million, of which 128.7 million is classified as current. However, 50.0 million of the 128.7 million of current principal due is related party debt that is convertible into shares of the Company s common stock at 3.00 per share. The maturity date of this debt is July 1, 2023. 
 
 Our operating plan for 2023 contemplates a significant reduction in net operating cash outflows as compared to the year ended December 31, 2022, resulting from (1) revenue growth from sales of existing and new products with positive gross margins and expansion outside the United States; (2) reduced production costs as a result of technical developments and transitioning to the new manufacturing facility in the last half of 2022 and remaining transition in 2023; and (3) an increase in cash inflows from milestone royalties under the DSM and Ingredion license agreements. 
 43 

Management currently believes that the Company's cash position combined with cash generated from operations, expected earnout payments along with planned price increases, operating expense reduction, portfolio decisions, debt, and, importantly, the successful completion of the Givaudan transaction described in Note 16, Subsequent Events, to the Consolidated Financial Statements, alleviates substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern for the next 12 months. 
 
 Cash Flows during the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities 
 
 Our primary uses of cash from operating activities are for personnel costs and costs related to the production and sale of our products, offset by cash received from sales to customers. 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash used in operating activities was 525.9 million, which was primarily comprised of our 543.4 million net loss, partially offset by a decrease of 9.6 million in cash used for working capital and an increase of 7.9 million of non-cash add-backs. Non-cash activity was primarily comprised of a 53.4 million gain from change in fair value of debt and 48.7 million of stock-based compensation expense. The decrease in cash used for working capital was primarily comprised of a 16.6 million increase in prepaid expenses and other assets and a 35.0 million increase in inventories, partially offset by a 114.5 million increase in accounts payable. 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2021, net cash used in operating activities was 181.3 million, which was primarily comprised of our 271.8 million net loss and an increase in cash used for working capital of 44.9 million, partially offset by 135.4 million of non-cash add-backs. Non-cash add-backs were primarily comprised of a 38.6 million loss from change in fair value of debt, 33.4 million of stock-based compensation expense, and a 29.3 million non-cash loss upon extinguishment of debt. The increase in cash used for working capital was primarily comprised of a 36.3 million increase in prepaid expenses and other assets and a 32.2 million increase in inventories, partly offset by a 37.4 million increase in accounts payable. 
 
 Cash Flows from Investing Activities 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash used in investing activities was 123.7 million comprised of 105.9 million of property, plant and equipment purchases, and 17.8 million of cash used in acquisitions. 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2021, net cash provided by investing activities was 64.1 million comprised of 45.6 million of property, plant, and equipment purchases, and 18.5 million of cash used in acquisitions. 
 
 Cash Flows from Financing Activities 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash provided by financing activities was 231.4 million, primarily comprised of 175.9 million from the issuance of debt and 56.4 million of proceeds from the issuance of common stock, partially offset by 0.8 million of debt principal payments. 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2021, net cash provided by financing activities was 702.0 million, primarily comprised of 190.3 million of proceeds from the issuance of common stock and 671.0 million from the issuance of debt, partially offset by 77.0 million of principal payments on debt and 4.1 million of principal payments on financing leases. 
 
 44 

Contractual Obligations 
 
 The following is a summary of our contractual obligations as of December 31, 2022, representing our non-discretionary cash payments for the period: 
 
 Payable by Year Ended December 31, (In thousands) Total 2023 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Principal payments on debt 929,046 133,235 80,811 25,000 690,000 Interest payments on debt 69,187 31,064 14,988 12,756 10,379 Operating leases 
 323,963 14,705 23,767 24,120 23,466 23,849 214,056 Construction costs in connection with new production facility 8,133 8,133 Financing leases 80 22 21 21 16 Contract termination fees 1,369 1,369 Total 1,331,778 188,528 119,587 61,897 723,861 23,849 214,056 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 The market risk inherent in our market risk sensitive instruments and positions is the potential loss arising from adverse changes in the price of our common stock, foreign currency exchange rates, interest rates, and commodity prices. 
 
 Amyris Common Stock Price Risk 
 
 We are exposed to potential losses related to the price of our common stock. At each balance sheet date, the fair value of our derivative liabilities and certain of our outstanding debt instruments, for which we have elected fair value accounting, is remeasured using current fair value inputs, one of which is the price of our common stock. 
 
 During any particular period, if the price of our common stock increases, there will likely be increases in the fair value of our derivative liabilities and our debt instrument, for which we have elected fair value accounting. Such increases in fair value will result in losses in our consolidated statements of operations from change in fair value of derivative instruments and from change in fair value of debt. Conversely, a decrease in the price of our stock during any particular period will likely result in gains in relation to these derivative and debt instruments. Given the current and historical volatility of our common stock price, any changes period-over-period have, and could in the future, result in a significant change in the fair value of our derivative liabilities and convertible debt instruments and significantly impact our net income during the period of change. 
 
 Foreign Currency Exchange Risk 
 
 Most of our sales contracts are denominated in U.S. dollars, and therefore our revenues are not currently subject to significant foreign currency risk. 
 
 The functional currency of our consolidated Brazilian subsidiary is the Brazilian Real. We do not use currency exchange contracts as hedges against our investment in that subsidiary. 
 
 Our permanent investment in Brazil was 232.7 million as of December 31, 2022 and 133.9 million as of December 31, 2021, using the exchange rate at each date. A hypothetical 10 adverse change in Brazilian Real exchange rates would have had an adverse impact to Other Comprehensive Loss of 23.3 million as of December 31, 2022 and 13.4 million as of December 31, 2021. 
 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 
 Our exposure to market risk for changes in interest rates relates primarily to our outstanding debt obligations, including embedded derivatives therein. We generally invest our cash in investments with short maturities or with frequent interest reset terms. Accordingly, our interest income fluctuates with short-term market conditions. As of December 31, 2021, our investment portfolio consisted of money market funds and certificates of deposit, both of which are highly liquid. Due to the short-term nature of our investment portfolio, we do not believe that an immediate 10 increase in interest rates would have a material effect on the fair value of our portfolio. Since we believe we have the ability to liquidate our investment portfolio, we expect 
 45 

that our operating results or cash flows would not be materially affected by a sudden change in market interest rates on the portfolio. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, all of our outstanding debt was in fixed rate instruments. As a result, changes in interest rates would not affect interest expense and payments in relation to our debt. 
 
 Commodity Price Risk 
 
 Our primary exposure to market risk for changes in commodity prices relates to the procurement of products from contract manufacturers and other suppliers whose prices are affected by the price of sugar feedstocks. Our suppliers manage exposure to this risk primarily through the use of feedstock pricing agreements. 
 46 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 
 AMYRIS, INC. 
 
 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Page 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 48 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 51 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 52 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss 
 53 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity (Deficit) and Mezzanine Equity 
 54 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 56 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 59 

47 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB Number 
 
 To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Amyris, Inc. 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements and Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Amyris, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related statements of operations, comprehensive loss, stockholders equity (deficit) and mezzanine equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). We also have audited Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in the 2013 Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ). 
 
 In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in 2013 Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the COSO. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 The Company s management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Item 9A, Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the entity s consolidated financial statements and an opinion on the entity s internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 
 Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that responds to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an 

Macias Gini O Connell LLP www.mgocpa.com 
 60 South Market Street, Suite 1500 
 San Jose, CA 95113 
 48 

understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 An entity s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of consolidated financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. An entity s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the entity; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of consolidated financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, and that receipts and expenditures of the entity are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the entity; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the entity s assets that could have a material effect on the consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
 
 Valuation of revenue recognition 
 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 
 As described in Notes 1 and 10, The Company recognizes revenue from the sale of renewable products, licenses and royalties from intellectual property, and grants and collaborative research and development services. Contracts with customers may contain multiple performance obligations and may contain up-front license fees, research and development services, contingent milestone payments upon achievement of contractual criteria, and royalty fees based on licensees product revenue or usage. The Company makes significant judgments in determining revenue recognition for customer contracts. 
 
 How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 
 Our audit procedures related to management s conclusion on revenue recognition, include the following, among others: 
 Performed substantive disaggregated analytical procedures. 
 Obtained an understanding of how management developed estimate of return reserves. 
 Reviewed and tested management s process, including: 
 49 

Tested data used in forming assumptions 
 Evaluated assumptions 
 Analyzed historical data 
 Developed independent expectation of estimate to corroborate reasonableness of estimate of return reserves. 
 Performed substantive analytical procedures relating to revenue using disaggregated data. 
 Examined sample of revenue contracts, supply contracts with customers, and other source documents to test management s identification of significant terms for completeness, including the identification of distinct performance obligations and variable consideration, within the context of the five-step model prescribed by ASC 606. 
 Performed sales and inventory cutoff procedures. 
 Tested relevant controls to determine whether controls are suitably designed, placed in operation, and operating effectively. 
 
 Valuation of goodwill 
 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 
 As discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, goodwill is assessed annually for impairment during the fourth quarter, or more frequently if an event occurs or circumstances change that would indicate that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit has declined below its carrying value. As a result of the annual impairment test, the Company determined no impairment of goodwill impairment has occurred during the period presented in the consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Auditing the Company s quantitative impairment test for goodwill was especially complex and judgmental due to the significant estimation required in determining the fair value of the reporting unit. In particular, the fair value estimate was sensitive to the significant assumptions that require judgment including the amount and timing of expected future cash flows and the related discount rate. These assumptions are affected by such factors as expected future market or economic conditions and clinical trial and regulatory events. 
 
 How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 
 Our audit procedures related to management s conclusion on the valuation of acquisitions, included the following, among others: 
 Tested relevant controls to determine whether controls are suitably designed, placed in operation, and operating effectively. 
 With the assistance of fair value specialists, evaluated the reasonableness of the (1) valuation methodology and (2) discount rate, including testing the source information underlying the determination of the discount rate, tested the mathematical accuracy of the calculation, and developed a range of independent estimates and comparing those to the discount rate selected by management. 
 Evaluated management s ability to accurately forecast future revenue and cash flows by comparing prior year forecasts to actual results in the respective years. 
 Evaluated the reasonableness of management s current revenue and cash flow forecasts by comparing such forecasts to historical results and to forecasted information included in Company press releases as well as in analyst and industry reports of the Company and companies in its peer group. 
 Performed sensitivity analyses of significant assumptions to evaluate the change in the fair values of the reporting unit that would result from changes in the assumptions. 
 
 /s/ 
 We have served as the Company's auditor since 2019 
 
 March 16, 2023 
 50 

AMYRIS, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 December 31, (In thousands, except shares and per share amounts) 2022 2021 Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Accounts receivable, net of allowance of and 
 Accounts receivable - related party, net of allowance of and 
 Contract assets Contract assets - related party Inventories Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Property, plant and equipment, net Restricted cash, noncurrent Recoverable taxes from Brazilian government entities Right-of-use assets under financing leases, net Right-of-use assets under operating leases, net Goodwill Intangible assets, net Other assets Total assets Liabilities, Mezzanine Equity and Stockholders' Equity (Deficit) Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued and other current liabilities Financing lease liabilities Operating lease liabilities Contract liabilities Debt, current portion Related party debt, current portion (includes instrument measured at fair value of and 
 Total current liabilities Long-term debt, net of current portion Related party debt, net of current portion (includes instrument measured at fair value of and 
 Financing lease liabilities, net of current portion Operating lease liabilities, net of current portion Derivative liabilities Acquisition-related contingent consideration Other noncurrent liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies Mezzanine equity: Contingently redeemable common stock Contingently redeemable noncontrolling interest Stockholders equity (deficit): Preferred stock - par value, shares authorized as of December 31, 2022 and 2021; shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Common stock - par value, and shares authorized as of December 31, 2022 and 2021; and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Accumulated deficit ) ) Total Amyris, Inc. stockholders' (deficit) equity ) Noncontrolling interest ) ) Total stockholders' (deficit) equity ) Total liabilities, mezzanine equity and stockholders' (deficit) equity 
 
 See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 51 

AMYRIS, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 Years Ended December 31, (In thousands, except shares and per share amounts) 2022 2021 2020 Revenue: Renewable products (includes related party revenue of , and 
 Licenses and royalties, net (includes related party revenue of , and 
 Collaborations, grants and other (includes related party revenue of , and 
 Total revenue (includes related party revenue of , and 
 Cost and operating expenses: Cost of products sold Research and development Sales, general and administrative Change in fair value of acquisition-related contingent consideration ) Restructuring Impairment Total cost and operating expenses Loss from operations ) ) ) Other income (expense): Interest expense ) ) ) Gain (loss) from change in fair value of derivative instruments ) Gain (loss) from change in fair value of debt ) ) Loss upon extinguishment of debt ) ) Other (expense) income, net ) Total other income (expense), net ) ) Loss before income taxes and loss from investment in affiliates ) ) ) Benefit from (provision for) income taxes ) Loss from investment in affiliates ) ) ) Net loss ) ) ) Loss (income) attributable to noncontrolling interest ) Net loss attributable to Amyris, Inc. ) ) ) Less: deemed dividend to preferred stockholders upon conversion of Series E preferred stock ) Add: loss allocated to participating securities Net loss attributable to Amyris, Inc. common stockholders ) ) ) Weighted-average shares of common stock outstanding used in computing net loss per share of common stock, basic Basic loss per share ) ) ) Weighted-average shares of common stock outstanding used in computing net loss per share of common stock, diluted Diluted loss per share ) ) ) 
 
 See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 52 

AMYRIS, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 
 
 Years Ended December 31, (In thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Comprehensive loss: Net loss ) ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) ) Total comprehensive loss ) ) ) Loss (income) attributable to noncontrolling interest ) Comprehensive loss attributable to Amyris, Inc. ) ) ) 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 53 

AMYRIS, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY (DEFICIT) AND MEZZANINE EQUITY 
 
 Preferred Stock Common Stock (In thousands, except number of shares) Shares Amount Shares Amount Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Accumulated Deficit Noncontrolling Interest Total Stockholders' Equity (Deficit) Mezzanine Equity - Common Stock Mezzanine Equity - Contingently Redeemable Noncontrolling Interest Balance as of December 31, 2019 ) ) ) Issuance of preferred and common stock in private placements, net of issuance costs Issuance of common stock upon exercise of warrants - related party Issuance of preferred and common stock in private placements - related party, net of issuance costs Issuance of common stock and warrants upon conversion of debt principal and accrued interest Issuance of common stock upon conversion of debt principal and accrued interest, and extinguishment of related derivative liability Issuance of common stock right warrant - related party Issuance of common stock upon exercise of warrants Issuance of common stock upon ESPP purchase Issuance of common stock upon exercise of stock options Issuance of common stock upon automatic conversion of Series E preferred stock ) ) Issuance of common stock and payment of minimum employee taxes withheld upon net share settlement of restricted stock ) ) Beneficial conversion feature related to issuance of Series E preferred stock Deemed dividend upon conversion of Series E preferred stock into common stock ) ) Exercise of common stock rights warrant - related party Extinguishment of liability warrants to equity Fair value of pre-delivery shares released to holder in connection with previous debt issuance Modification of previously issued common stock warrants Stock-based compensation Return of pre-delivery shares previously issued to lenders ) Foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) Net loss ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2020 ) ) ) Value of cash conversion feature in connection with issuance of convertible senior note Issuance of common stock and payment of minimum employee taxes withheld upon net share settlement of restricted stock ) ) Issuance of common stock as purchase consideration in business combinations Issuance of common stock in public offering Issuance of common stock upon conversion of debt principal Issuance of common stock upon conversion of debt principal, net of return of pre-delivery shares returned to Amyris 
 Issuance of common stock upon conversion of preferred stock ) Issuance of common stock upon ESPP purchase Issuance of common stock upon exercise of stock options Issuance of common stock upon exercise of warrants Issuance of common stock upon exercise of warrants - related party 
 54 

Preferred Stock Common Stock (In thousands, except number of shares) Shares Amount Shares Amount Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Accumulated Deficit Noncontrolling Interest Total Stockholders' Equity (Deficit) Mezzanine Equity - Common Stock Mezzanine Equity - Contingently Redeemable Noncontrolling Interest Issuance of contingently redeemable noncontrolling interest ) ) Premium paid for convertible note hedge call option ) ) Stock-based compensation Foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) Distribution to noncontrolling interest ) ) Net loss ) ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2021 ) ) ) Cumulative effect of change in accounting principle for ASU 2020-06 (see "Significant Accounting Policies" in Note 1) ) ) Acquisitions Issuance of common stock, including payment of minimum employee taxes withheld, upon net share settlement of restricted stock ) ) Issuance of common stock as consideration for services purchased Issuance of common stock as purchase consideration for equity securities Issuance of common stock as purchase consideration in business combinations Issuance of common stock in lieu of cash compensation to non-employee directors Issuance of common stock and warrants in private placement, net of issuance costs - related party Issuance of common stock and warrants in registered direct offering, net of issuance costs Issuance of common stock upon ESPP purchase Issuance of common stock upon exercise of stock options Issuance of common stock upon exercise of warrants Issuance of warrants in connection with related party debt issuance Proceeds from extension of warrants Stock-based compensation Foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) Net loss ) ) ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2022 ) ) ) ) 
 
 See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 55 

AMYRIS, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 Years Ended December 31, (In thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Operating activities: Net loss ) ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: Accretion of debt discount Amortization of intangible assets Amortization of right-of-use assets under operating leases Changes in assets and liabilities: Contract asset credit loss reserve Depreciation and amortization Expense for warrants issued for covenant waivers Gain from change in fair value of acquisition-related contingent consideration ) (Gain) loss from change in fair value of debt ) (Gain) loss from change in fair value of derivative instruments ) ) (Gain) loss on foreign currency exchange rates ) ) Impairment of deferred cost of products sold - related party Impairment of property, plant and equipment Loss from investment in affiliate Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment Loss upon conversion or extinguishment of debt Non-cash interest expense in connection with modification of warrants Non-cash interest expense in connection with release of pre-delivery shares to debt holder Other Stock-based compensation Accounts receivable ) ) Contract assets ) ) Inventories ) ) ) Deferred cost of products sold - related party ) Prepaid expenses and other assets ) ) ) Accounts payable ) Accrued and other liabilities ) Lease liabilities ) ) ) Contract liabilities ) ) Net cash used in operating activities ) ) ) Investing activities: Purchases of property, plant and equipment ) ) ) Acquisitions, net of cash acquired ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) Financing activities: Distribution to noncontrolling interest ) Issuance costs incurred in connection with debt modification ) Payment of minimum employee taxes withheld upon net share settlement of restricted stock units ) ) ) Principal payments on debt ) ) ) Principal payments on financing leases ) ) ) Proceeds from capital contribution by noncontrolling interest Proceeds from ESPP purchases Proceeds from exercise of common stock rights warrant - related party Proceeds from exercise of warrants Proceeds from exercise of warrants - related party Proceeds from exercises of common stock options Proceeds from extension of warrants Proceeds from issuance of common stock and warrants in private placement, net of issuance costs - related party Proceeds from issuance of common stock in public offering, net of issuance costs Proceeds from issuance of common stock and warrants in registered direct offering, net of issuance costs Proceeds from issuance of debt, net of issuance costs Proceeds from issuance of preferred and common stock in private placements, net of issuance costs Proceeds from issuance of preferred and common stock in private placements, net of issuance costs - related party Purchase of capped calls related to convertible senior notes ) Net cash provided by financing activities Effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) 
 56 

Years Ended December 31, (In thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Net (decrease) increase in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of year Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of year Reconciliation of cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash to the consolidated balance sheets Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash, current Restricted cash, noncurrent Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 
 57 

Amyris, Inc. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS, Continued 
 
 Years Ended December 31, (In thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information: Cash paid for interest Supplemental disclosures of non-cash investing and financing activities: Accrued interest added to debt principal Acquisition of intangible assets in connection with business combinations Acquisition of right-of-use assets under financing leases Acquisition of right-of-use assets under operating leases Cash conversion feature in connection with issuance of 2026 convertible senior notes Common stock issued as purchase consideration in business combinations Derecognition of derivative liabilities to equity upon extinguishment of debt Derecognition of derivative liabilities upon authorization of shares Derecognition of derivative liabilities upon exercise of warrants Exercise of common stock warrants in exchange for debt principal and interest reduction Extinguishment of derivative liability and issuance of common stock upon exercise of warrants Fair value of embedded features in connection with private placement Fair value of warrants and embedded features recorded as debt discount in connection with debt issuances Fair value of warrants and embedded features recorded as debt discount in connection with debt issuances - related party Goodwill recorded in connection with business combination Issuance of common stock and warrants issued upon conversion of debt principal Issuance of common stock as consideration for services purchased Issuance of common stock as purchase consideration for equity securities Issuance of common stock as purchase consideration in business combinations Issuance of common stock in lieu of cash compensation to non-employee directors Issuance of common stock upon conversion of convertible notes and accrued interest Issuance of common stock upon exercise of common stock rights warrant in previous period - related party Noncontrolling interest issued in subsidiary in exchange for settlement of other liabilities Noncontrolling interest recorded in connection with business combinations Reclassification of Additional paid-in capital to Mezzanine equity in connection with issuance of contingently redeemable noncontrolling interest in subsidiary Unpaid property, plant and equipment balances in accounts payable and accrued liabilities at end of period 
 
 See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 58 

Amyris, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

1. 
 
 million, an accumulated deficit of billion, and unrestricted cash and cash equivalents of million. As of December 31, 2022, the principal amounts due under the Company's debt instruments totaled million, of which million is classified as current. However, million of the million of current principal due is related party debt that is convertible into shares of the Company s common stock at per share. The maturity date of this debt is July 1, 2023. 
 
 The Company's operating plan for 2023 contemplates a significant reduction in net operating cash outflows as compared to the year ended December 31, 2022, resulting from (1) revenue growth from sales of existing and new products with positive gross margins and expansion outside the United States; (2) reduced production costs as a result of technical developments and transitioning to the new manufacturing facility in the last half of 2022 and remaining transition in 2023; and (3) an increase in cash inflows from milestone royalties under the DSM and Ingredion license agreements. 
 
 Management currently believes that the Company's cash position combined with cash generated from operations, expected earnout payments along with planned price increases, operating expense reduction, portfolio decisions, debt, and, importantly, the successful completion of the Givaudan transaction described in Note 16, Subsequent Events, to the Consolidated Financial Statements, alleviates substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern for the next 12 months. 

59 

60 

61 

to years, and often include or more options to renew. These renewal terms can extend the lease term from to and are included in the lease term when it is reasonably certain that the Company will exercise the option. The operating leases are classified as Right-of-use (ROU) assets under operating leases on the Company's consolidated balance sheets and represent the Company s right to use the underlying asset for the lease term. The Company s obligation to make operating lease payments is included in "Lease liabilities" and "Lease liabilities, net of current portion" on the Company's consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 The Company has entered into financing leases primarily for laboratory and computer equipment. Assets purchased under financing leases are included in "Right-of-use assets under financing leases, net" on the consolidated balance sheets. For financing leases, the associated assets are depreciated or amortized over the shorter of the relevant useful life of each asset or the lease term. 
 
 Operating and Financing lease ROU assets and liabilities are recognized at commencement date based on the present value of lease payments over the lease term. Because the rate implicit in the Company s lease agreements is typically not readily determinable, the Company uses its incremental borrowing rate to determine the present value of the lease payments. The Company has certain contracts for real estate and marketing that may contain lease and non-lease components, which the Company has elected to treat as a single lease component. 
 
 years for machinery, equipment, and fixtures, and years for buildings. Leasehold improvements are amortized over their estimated useful lives or the period of the related lease, whichever is shorter. 
 
 The Company expenses costs for maintenance and repairs and capitalizes major replacements, renewals, and improvements. For assets retired or otherwise disposed, both cost and accumulated depreciation are eliminated from the asset and accumulated depreciation accounts, and gains or losses related to the disposal are recorded in the statement of operations. 

62 

Sephora 2017 Firmenich 2014 
 ______________ 

63 

assurance-type warranty to replace or reprocess its ingredient products that do not meet Company-established criteria as set forth in the Company s trade terms. An estimate of the cost to replace or reprocess its ingredient products sold is made based on a historical rate of experience and recognized as a liability and related expense when the renewable product sale is consummated. 
 
 Licenses and Royalties 
 
 Licensing of Intellectual Property: When the Company s intellectual property licenses are determined to be distinct from the other performance obligations identified in the arrangement, revenue is recognized from non-refundable, up-front fees allocated to the license at a point in time when the license is transferred to the licensee and the licensee is able to use and benefit from the license. For intellectual property licenses that are combined with other promises, the Company utilizes judgment to assess the nature of the combined performance obligation to determine whether the combined performance obligation is satisfied over time or at a point in time and, if over time, the appropriate method of measuring progress for purposes of recognizing revenue from non-refundable up-front-fees. The Company evaluates the measure of progress each reporting period and, if necessary, adjusts the measure of performance and related revenue recognized. 
 
 Royalties from Licensing of Intellectual Property: The Company earns royalties from the licensing of its intellectual property whereby the licensee uses the intellectual property to produce and sell its products to its customers and the Company shares in the profits. 
 
 When the Company s intellectual property license is the only performance obligation, or it is the predominant performance obligation in arrangements with multiple performance obligations, the Company applies the sales-based royalty exception which requires the Company to estimate the revenue that is recognized at a point in time when the licensee s product sales occur. Estimates of sales-based royalty revenues are made using the most likely outcome method, which is the single amount in a range of possible amounts, using the best evidence available at the time, derived from the licensee s historical sales volumes and sales prices of its products and recent commodity market pricing data and trends. Estimates are adjusted to actual or as new information becomes available. 
 
 When the Company s intellectual property license is not the predominant performance obligation in arrangements with multiple performance obligations, the royalty represents variable consideration and is allocated to the transaction price of the predominant performance obligation, which generally is the supply of renewable products to the Company's customers. Revenue is estimated and recognized at a point in time when the renewable products are delivered to the customer. Estimates of the amount of variable consideration to include in the transaction price are made using the expected value method, which is the sum of probability-weighted amounts in a range of possible amounts determined based on the cost to produce the renewable product plus a reasonable margin for the profit share. The Company only includes an amount of variable consideration in the 
 64 

65 

term of the supply agreement. On a quarterly basis, the Company evaluates its future production volumes for its sweetener product and adjusts the unit cost to be expensed over the remaining estimated production volume. The Company also periodically evaluates the asset for impairment indicators and recoverability based on changes in business strategy and product demand trends over the term of the supply agreement. 

. 
 
 66 

million and million. 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded a million loss resulting from foreign exchange transactions. For the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, the Company recorded gains of million and million, resulting from foreign exchange transactions. 
 
 million, increased debt by the same amount, and decreased accumulated deficit by million for debt discount accretion expense that was recorded prior to adoption. 
 
 Accounting Standards or Updates Not Yet Adopted 
 
 Credit Losses . In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-13, Financial Instruments Credit Losses (Topic 326), Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments . ASU 2016-13 requires entities to measure all expected credit losses for most financial assets held at the reporting date based on an expected loss model which includes historical experience, current conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts. Entities will now use forward-looking information to better form their credit loss estimates. ASU 2016-13 also requires enhanced disclosures to help financial statement users better understand significant estimates and judgments used in estimating credit losses, as well as the credit quality and underwriting standards of an entity's portfolio. Because the Company met the SEC definition of a smaller reporting company when ASU 2016-13 was issued, this new accounting standard will be effective for the Company in the first quarter of 2023. The Company is currently evaluating the impact this standard will have on its consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 
 
 Business Combinations: Accounting for Contract Assets and Contract Liabilities from Contracts with Customers. In October 2021, the FASB issued ASU 2021-08, Business Combinations (Topic 805): Accounting for Contract Assets and Contract Liabilities from Contracts with Customers . This update requires that an acquirer recognize and measure contract assets and contract liabilities acquired in a business combination in accordance with Topic 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers . This standard will be effective for the Company in the first quarter of 2023 and will be applied prospectively to business 
 67 

68 

2. 
 
 ) Year Ended December 31, 2021 Year Ended December 31, 2020 
 
 Work in process Finished goods Total inventories 
 
 Non-inventory production supplies Note receivable (1) 
 Recoverable taxes from Brazilian government entities Other Total prepaid expenses and other current assets 
 _______________________ 
 (1) In March 2022, the Company loaned a privately-held company million in exchange for a senior secured convertible promissory note (the Note, as amended from time to time) which unless earlier redeemed or converted into equity of the privately-held company, shall be repaid in tranches according to the terms of the Note by June 2023. The Note bears interest at per annum and is convertible, at the Company's option, into equity of the privately-held company upon maturity of the Note or in the event of an initial public offering, equity financing, or corporate transaction (such as a sale or merger), in each case, at a conversion price that is dependent on a variety of factors. In addition, the Note is redeemable prior to maturity, at the issuer's option, in the event of one or more equity or debt financings, one or more asset sales, or an initial public offering, in each case equal to or greater than million. The arrangement is accounted for as a loan. The Company will periodically evaluate the collectability of the loan, and an allowance for credit losses will be recorded if the Company concludes that all or a portion of the loan balance is no longer collectible. 
 
 Leasehold improvements Building Computers and software Furniture and office equipment, vehicles and land Construction in progress Total property, plant and equipment, gross Less: accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Total property, plant and equipment, net 
 
 69 

Acquisitions Effect of currency translation adjustment ) ) Ending balance 
 
 Intangible Assets 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company purchased million of intangible assets related to trademarks and trade names, customer relationships, developed technology, and patents as a result of the acquisitions completed during the year. 
 
 Customer relationships - 
 Developed technology - 
 Patents 
 
 Amortization expense for intangible assets was million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 and is included in general and administrative expenses. 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total future amortization 
 Leases 
 
 Operating Leases 
 
 The Company had million and million of ROU assets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. Operating lease liabilities were million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded million and million of expense in connection with operating leases, of which million and million were included in cost of products sold. 
 
 70 

manufacturing partnership agreement with Renfield Manufacturing, LLC to provide manufacturing services and third-party logistics 3PL processes, including inventory management, warehousing, and fulfillment for certain of the Company s consumer product lines. Under the agreement, the Company will pay Renfield a series of fixed payments totaling million over the period and variable payments for products manufactured and/or fulfilled by Renfield on a cost plus markup basis. The Company also provided a million letter of credit and guarantee to the lessor of the Renfield manufacturing facility, which extends through August 2032. If Renfield fails to perform under the facility lease, the Company can terminate the manufacturing agreement. The Company evaluated the key terms and provisions of the agreement and concluded the fixed payments represented an embedded operating lease. As a result, the Company recorded a million ROU asset that will be expensed to cost of goods sold over the manufacturing agreement, and a corresponding million lease liability, which represents the present value of the fixed payments. 
 
 ROU assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease obligations Weighted-average remaining lease term in years Weighted-average discount rate 
 
 Financing Leases 
 
 The Company has entered into financing leases primarily for laboratory and computer equipment. Assets purchased under financing leases are included in "Right-of-use assets under financing leases, net" on the consolidated balance sheets. For financing leases, the associated assets are depreciated or amortized over the shorter of the relevant useful life of each asset or the lease term. Accumulated amortization of assets under financing leases totaled million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 Maturities of Financing and Operating Leases 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total future minimum payments Less: amount representing interest ) ) ) Present value of minimum lease payments Less: current portion ) ) ) Long-term portion 
 
 71 

Equity-method investments in affiliates Notes receivable, net of current portion Deposits Other Total other assets 
 
 When the Company acquires a noncontrolling interest in an entity (investee) where the Company is not the primary beneficiary, does not control any of the ongoing activities of the entity, and the investment does not meet consolidation requirements of U.S. GAAP, the investment is initially recognized as an equity-method investment at cost. If the investee subsequently reports losses, the Company records its proportional share of such losses as a reduction to the amount invested. If the Company s cumulative share of the investee s losses equals or exceeds the Company s investment in the investee, the Company writes down its investment balance to no lower than zero, as the Company is not liable to fund the investee s future losses. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company incurred losses on of its equity-method investments that resulted in a million decrease in the carrying value of the investments. No new equity-method investments in affiliates were recorded during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 72 

Accrued interest Liability in connection with acquisition of equity-method investment Deferred consideration payable Professional services Asset retirement obligation (1) 
 Contract termination fees License fee payable Tax-related liabilities Other Total accrued and other current liabilities 
 ______________ 
 (1) The asset retirement obligation represents liabilities incurred but not yet discharged in connection with the Company's 2013 abandonment of a partially constructed facility in Prad polis, Brazil. 
 
 Contract liabilities, net of current portion Other Total other noncurrent liabilities 
 73 

3. 
 
 Freestanding derivative instruments issued in connection with debt and equity instruments Embedded derivatives bifurcated from debt instruments Acquisition-related contingent consideration Total liabilities measured and recorded at fair value 
 
 The Company s assessment of the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement in its entirety requires management to make judgements and consider factors specific to the asset or liability. Market risk associated with embedded derivative liabilities relates to the potential reduction in fair value and negative impact to future earnings from a decrease in interest rates. 
 
 Changes in fair value of derivative liabilities are presented as gains or losses in the consolidated statements of operations in the line captioned "Gain (loss) from change in fair value of derivative instruments". Changes in the fair value of debt instruments that are accounted for at fair value are presented as gains or losses in the consolidated statements of operations in the line captioned "Gain (loss) from change in fair value of debt". 
 
 Fair Value of Debt Foris Convertible Note 
 
 On June 1, 2020, the Company and Foris Ventures, LLC (Foris), an entity that beneficially owns greater than 5 of the Company s outstanding common stock and that is affiliated with Director John Doerr, entered into an amendment to the Foris agreement in which Foris has the option to convert all or a portion of the secured indebtedness, including accrued interest, into shares of Common Stock at a conversion price. The Company accounted for the new debt issuance under the fair value option, resulting in a million loss upon extinguishment. Changes in fair value will be reported in the consolidated statements of operations as "Gain (loss) from change in fair value of debt". 
 
 At December 31, 2022, the principal of the Foris Convertible Note was million and fair value was million. The Company measured the fair value of the Foris Convertible Note using a binomial lattice model using the following inputs: (i) stock price, (ii) secured discount yield, (iii) risk free interest rate, (iv) equity volatility, and (v) probability of change in control. The Company assumed that if a change of control event were to occur, it would occur at the end of the calendar year. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded a gain of million and million, respectively. 
 
 74 

Issuance of new derivative instruments Change in fair value of derivative instruments ) Derecognition on settlement or extinguishment ) Balance at December 31, 2022 

75 

million shares of common stock at a purchase price and a term. The contingent obligation to issue the warrants was accounted for as a derivative liability. In December 2022, Schottenfeld and the Company entered into an exchange agreement under which the Company issued the warrants, Schottenfeld exercised them, and the Company issued common shares in a cashless net shares transaction. The exchange resulted in a million gain from change in fair value of derivative instruments and the derecognition of million of derivative liability upon extinguishment. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded a million gain from change in fair value of derivative instruments in connection with the Schottenfeld derivative liability. 

Exercise price of warrants 
 
 Expected volatility 
 
 Risk-free interest rate 
 
 Expected term in years 
 
 Dividend yield 
 
 Bifurcated Embedded Features in Debt Instruments 
 
 During 2022, the Company issued a million promissory note to DSM (DSM Note). The note provides that for M of the DSM Note's principal, on the date the Company receives any earn-out payment from DSM, Amyris must prepay debt principal in the same amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest. This prepayment feature is considered an embedded feature in the DSM Note to be bifurcated from and separately accounted for as a derivative liability, with an offset to debt discount on the DSM Note. At December 31, 2022, the Company measured the fair value of the embedded feature at million using a secured discount yield of . 
 
 At December 31, 2021, embedded derivative liability was outstanding. 
 
 Acquisition-related Contingent Consideration 
 
 The fair value of acquisition related contingent consideration ("Earnout Payments") was determined at acquisition using a Monte Carlo simulation to estimate the probability of the acquired business units achieving the relevant financial and operational milestones. The model results reflect the time value of money, non-performance risk within the required time frame and the risk due to uncertainty in the estimated cash flows. Key inputs to the Monte Carlo simulation for the Costa Brazil acquisition were: Revenue Risk Adjustment of , Annual Revenue Volatility of , EBITDA Risk Adjustment of , and Annual EBITDA Volatility of . Key inputs to the Monte Carlo simulations for the Olika, MG Empower, and Beauty Labs acquisitions were: Revenue Risk Adjustment of to and Annual Revenue Volatility of to . A significant change in an acquired business unit s financial performance and the timing of such changes could materially change the fair value of contingent consideration. Contingent consideration is recorded in other liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 The fair value of contingent consideration is classified as Level 3. The change in fair value totaled million in 2022 and was recognized in Change in fair value of acquisition-related contingent consideration. The change in the fair value of contingent consideration reflects the changes in the business s expected performance over the remaining earnout period and the Company s estimate of the likelihood of achieving the applicable operational milestones. 
 
 76 

Additions Purchase accounting adjustment ) Change in fair value of acquisition-related contingent consideration ) Balance at December 31, 2022 Less: current portion (1) 
 ) Acquisition-related contingent consideration, net of current portion 
 ______________ 
 (1) Current portion is included within Accrued and other current liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 Assets and Liabilities Recorded at Carrying Value 
 
 The carrying amounts of certain financial instruments, such as cash equivalents, accounts receivable, prepaid expenses and other current assets, accounts payable, and accrued liabilities, approximate fair value due to their relatively short maturities and low market interest rates. Loans payable and credit facilities are recorded at carrying value, which is representative of fair value at the date of acquisition. The Company estimates the fair value of these instruments using observable market-based inputs (Level 2). The carrying amount of the Company's debt at December 31, 2022 and at December 31, 2021, excluding the debt instruments recorded at fair value, was million and million. The fair value of such debt at December 31, 2022 and at December 31, 2021 was million and million, and was determined by (i) discounting expected cash flows using current market discount rates estimated for certain of the debt instruments and (ii) using third-party fair value estimates for the remaining debt instruments. 
 77 

4. 
 ) ) Related party convertible notes payable Foris convertible note Loans payable and credit facilities Other loans payable (revolving) Related party loans payable DSM note ) Foris senior note ) Subtotal related party loans payable ) Total debt ) ) Less: current portion ) ) Long-term debt, net of current portion 
 
 Adoption of ASU 2020-06 
 
 The adoption of ASU 2020-06 on January 1, 2022, in connection with the 2026 Convertible Senior Notes, decreased additional paid-in capital by million, increased debt by the same amount, and decreased the accumulated deficit by million for debt discount accretion expense that was recorded prior to adoption. 
 
 Amendment to Foris Convertible Note 
 
 On June 30, 2022, the Company and Foris Ventures, LLC entered into an agreement to extend the maturity of the convertible note from July 1, 2022 to July 1, 2023. The amendment was accounted for as a debt modification and the note is classified as noncurrent. 
 
 Issuance of Foris Senior Note 
 
 In September 2022, the Company issued an million secured term note to Foris. The note accrues interest at per annum, which is capitalized as additional principal on a monthly basis. Principal and capitalized accrued interest is payable in tranches in April 2023, January 2024, and June 2024. As part of the arrangement, the Company issued of common stock warrants at an exercise price of to Foris with a term of . The warrants qualified for equity accounting treatment with a fair value at issuance of million, which was recorded as debt discount. The debt discount also includes debt issuance costs that are being accreted over the term of the note. 
 
 Issuance of DSM Term Loan 
 
 On October 11, 2022, Amyris entered into a secured term loan facility with DSM Finance for million to be used for general corporate purposes, consisting of tranches: a million tranche drawn on October 11, 2022 ("Tranche 1"), a million tranche drawn on November 7, 2022 ("Tranche 2"), and a million tranche drawn on December 12 and 13, 2022 ("Tranche 3"). 
 
 The obligations under the DSM Term Loan are guaranteed by certain Amyris subsidiaries, and secured by a perfected security interest in certain payment obligations due to Amyris from DSM. 
 
 78 

million on the earlier of June 30, 2023 or the consummation of the Company's sale, assignment, or licensing certain of its cosmetic ingredients businesses to Givaudan (see Note 16, Subsequent Events); (b) million on October 11, 2023, (c) million on October 11, 2024, and (d) million on October 11, 2025; provided that the total amortization amount on any of the foregoing dates shall be reduced by the amount of any DSM Earn-Outs due to Amyris from DSM Nutritional during the period prior to such dates. Tranche 1, Tranche 2 and Tranche 3 will accrue interest at a , and annual interest rate, with quarterly interest payments due in cash. Amyris paid DSM Finance an upfront structuring fee of million. In addition, the arrangement gives DSM a million credit to be applied against R D services that the Company will provide to DSM. 
 
 Prepayment of the outstanding amounts under the secured term loan facility will be required upon any DSM Earn-Outs becoming due from DSM Nutritional to Amyris and, after prepayment of million of Amyris s existing indebtedness with Foris Ventures, LLC, on a pro rata basis concurrently with any prepayments of outstanding indebtedness with Foris Ventures, LLC, upon the occurrence of certain events. 
 
 The prepayment feature is considered an embedded derivative in the DSM Note to be bifurcated from and separately accounted for as a derivative liability, with an offset to debt discount on the DSM Note. The Company measured the fair value of the embedded feature at million. 
 
 Both DSM Finance and DSM Nutritional are affiliates of DSM International B.V., which is a shareholder of the Company and affiliated with Philip Eykerman, a member of the Company s Board of Directors. 
 
 Future Minimum Payments 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total future minimum payments Less: amount representing interest (1) 
 ) ) ) ) ) Less: future conversion of accrued interest to principal ) ) Present value of minimum debt payments Less: current portion of debt principal ) ) ) ) Noncurrent portion of debt principal 
 ______________ 
 (1) Excluding debt discount of million that will be accreted to interest expense over the term of the debt. 
 
 Letters of Credit 
 
 The Company had million of letters of credit outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021 related to certain leases. In connection with these letters of credit, the Company had million of restricted cash at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 79 

5. 
 
 shares of its common stock to the Gates Foundation in a private placement at a purchase price per share of , resulting in proceeds of million. 
 
 Also in 2016, the Company and the Gates Foundation entered into an agreement where the Company agreed to expend an amount not less than million to develop and supply a yeast strain that produces artemisinic acid and/or amorphadiene at a low cost for inclusion in therapies used to treat malaria commencing in 2017. 
 
 The Company and the Gates Foundation mutually agreed in 2022 that the Company met all commitments of the agreement. 
 
 Ingredion Contingently Redeemable Noncontrolling Interest in Subsidiary 
 
 On June 1, 2021, the Company entered into a Membership Interest Purchase Agreement (MIPA) with Ingredion Corporation (Ingredion) to purchase of RealSweet LLC (RealSweet), a owned Amyris, Inc. subsidiary. Total consideration was million consisting of a million cash payment, the exchange of a million payable previously due to Ingredion, and million of manufacturing intellectual property rights. The terms of the MIPA provide both parties with put/call rights under certain circumstances. 
 
 The Company recorded the million noncontrolling interest in RealSweet as Mezzanine equity - contingently redeemable noncontrolling interest, which represents the value of Ingredion s ownership interest in the net assets of the RealSweet subsidiary and recorded a million decrease to additional paid in capital for the difference between the fair value of the consideration received and Ingredion's ownership interest claims against the net assets of the RealSweet subsidiary. Under the terms of the MIPA, Amyris, Inc. is funding the cash construction costs of the project, which are currently estimated to be million. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has funded million towards the project and has million of contractual purchase commitments for construction related costs. 

6. 
 
 shares of the Company s common stock, par value per share and (ii) warrants to purchase up to shares of common stock for million through a registered direct offering and concurrent private placement: 
 
 Registered Direct Offering: a securities purchase agreement where the Company agreed to sell (i) shares of common stock and (ii) warrants to purchase up to shares of common stock. The common stock was sold together with the warrants to purchase of a share of common stock for per unit. The warrants are exercisable at per share for . 
 
 Private Placement: a securities purchase agreement with Foris, where the Company agreed to sell to Foris, in a private placement (i) shares of common stock, and (ii) warrants to purchase up to shares of common stock. The shares were sold together with the warrants to purchase of a share of common stock for per unit. The warrants are exercisable at per share for . Foris beneficially owns more than of the Company s outstanding common stock and is affiliated with individuals serving on the Company s board of directors. 
 
 Net proceeds to the Company from the Offering were million after expenses upon closing on December 30, 2022. 
 
 Increase in Authorized Common Stock 
 
 On May 27, 2022, through a proxy vote at the Company s Annual Stockholder meeting, the Company s stockholders approved an increase in the Company s authorized common stock shares from million to million. 
 
 Shares Issuable under Convertible Notes 
 80 

Foris convertible note At any time until July 1, 2023 
 
 Warrants 
 
 The Company issues warrants in certain debt and equity transactions in order to facilitate raising equity capital or reduce borrowing costs. The Company has issued warrants exercisable for shares of common stock. 
 
 n/a 2022 PIPE warrants 2022 December 30, 2027 n/a Schottenfeld warrants 2022 December 21, 2024 ) Foris senior note warrants 2022 September 13, 2025 n/a Blackwell / Silverback warrants 2020 July 10, 2023 n/a January 2020 warrant exercise right shares 2020 January 31, 2022 ) May 2019 note exchange warrants 
 2019 January 31, 2022 ) May 2017 cash warrants 2017 July 10, 2023 ) May 2017 dilution warrants 2017 July 10, 2022 ) n/a July 2015 related party debt exchange 2015 July 29, 2025 n/a ) ) 
 __________________ 
 1 "n/a" indicates not applicable, as there were no exercises. 
 
 Warrant Exercises 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, upon the cash and cashless exercises of warrants to issue shares of common stock, the Company issued shares of its common stock at a weighted-average exercise price of per share, and received cash proceeds of million. 
 
 Right of First Investment to Certain Investors 
 
 In connection with investments in the Company, certain investors, including Vivo and DSM, have been granted a right of first investment if the Company proposes to sell securities in certain financing transactions. With these rights, such investors may subscribe for a portion of any such new financing and require the Company to comply with certain notice periods, which could discourage other investors from participating in, or cause delays in its ability to close, such a financing. 

7. 
 
 ownership share in the business. The Company also agreed to provide exclusive royalty-free licenses to certain of the Company's intellectual property. Nikko purchased their interest in exchange for million and the profits, if any, distributed to Nikko in cash as 
 81 

period from 2017 to 2019, up to a maximum of million. Amyris accounts for the Apprinova JV on a consolidation basis, as it is considered a variable-interest entity. 
 
 Liabilities 
 
 The Aprinnova JV's assets and liabilities are primarily comprised of cash, accounts receivable, inventory, property, plant and equipment, and accounts payable. 
 
 Income attributable to noncontrolling interest Distribution to noncontrolling interest ) Balance at end of year 
 
 On December 15, 2022, Nikko and Nippon Surfactant Industries, Co., Ltd. Nissa entered into an agreement, where Amyris agreed to purchase shares of Aprinnova from Nikko and shares of Aprinnova from Nissa, which constitute of Aprinnova, for million, less applicable deductions and withholdings required by law. The agreement is subject to certain closing conditions, including the payment of the purchase price, million related to an existing distribution agreement, million related to distributable net cash flows of Apprinnova, and the receipt of required governmental authorizations, approvals, or permits. Upon closing of the transact ion, which is expected to occur in the first quarter of 2023, the Company will own of Aprinnova. 
 
 RealSweet LLC 
 
 On June 1, 2021, the Company entered into a Membership Interest Purchase Agreement (MIPA) with Ingredion Corporation (Ingredion) to sell of RealSweet LLC (RealSweet), a owned Amyris, Inc. subsidiary, which entity owns a manufacturing facility in Brazil. Total consideration was million, consisting of million cash, the exchange of a million payable previously due to Ingredion, and million of manufacturing intellectual property rights. The terms of the MIPA provide both parties with put/call rights under certain circumstances. 
 
 The Company recorded the million noncontrolling interest in RealSweet as Mezzanine equity - contingently redeemable noncontrolling interest, which represents the value of Ingredion s ownership interest in the net assets of the RealSweet subsidiary and recorded a million decrease to additional paid-in capital for the difference between the fair value of the consideration received and Ingredion's ownership interest claims against the net assets of the RealSweet subsidiary. 
 
 Under the terms of the MIPA, Amyris is funding the construction costs of the project, which are currently estimated to be million. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has funded million towards the project and has million of contractual purchase commitments for construction related costs. 
 
 Liabilities 

The RealSweet JV's assets and liabilities are primarily comprised of cash, property, plant and equipment, and accounts payable. 
 82 

Loss attributable to noncontrolling interest ) Contribution by contingently redeemable noncontrolling interest 
 Balance at end of year 

Clean Beauty Collaborative, Inc. 
 
 In October 2020, the Company entered into an agreement with Rosie Huntington-Whiteley, (RHW), model turned businesswoman and founder of beauty knowledge and commerce destination, RoseInc.com, for the commercialization of clean sustainable cosmetics under the Amyris umbrella using the creative design capabilities of RHW. Clean Beauty Collaborative, Inc. (CBC) was formed and is accounted for on a consolidation basis, as it is considered a variable-interest entity. The commercial launch of the new product line to the general public occurred in August 2021. 
 
 Liabilities 

CBC assets and liabilities are primarily comprised of cash, accounts receivable, prepaid expenses, inventory and accounts payable. ) Loss attributable to noncontrolling interest 
 ) ) Balance at end of year 
 ) ) 
 
 Equity-method Investments 
 
 Novvi LLC 
 
 Novvi LLC (Novvi) is a U.S.-based joint venture among the Company, American Refining Group, Inc., Chevron U.S.A. Inc., and H R Group US, Inc. Novvi's purpose is to develop, produce, and commercialize base oils, additives, and lubricants derived from Biofene for use in the automotive, commercial, and industrial lubricants markets. As of December 31, 2022, the Company held equity ownership of in Novvi. 
 
 The Company accounts for its investment in Novvi under the equity method of accounting. The Company's share of profits and losses and impairment charges on investments in affiliates are included in Loss from investments in affiliates in the consolidated statements of operations. The Company is not obligated to fund Novvi's potential future losses, so the Company will not record equity-method losses that would result in the investment in Novvi falling below zero. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the carrying amount of the Company's equity investment in Novvi was and million. 
 
 AMF Low Carbon LLC 
 83 

interest in AMF Low Carbon. If and when product development is successful, Amyris will manufacture and sell the products to AMF Low Carbon in return for consideration on a cost-plus fixed margin basis. Minerva is obligated to fund million in exchange for its interest in AMF Low Carbon. The initial carrying value of the equity method investment in AMF Low Carbon is million. Under the equity method, the Company records its share of AMF Low Carbon's profits or losses in Loss from investments in affiliates in the consolidated statements of operations. The Company recorded a loss from investments in affiliates of million from inception through December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the carrying amount of the Company's equity investment in AMF Low Carbon was million. 
 
 AccessBio LLC 
 
 In December 2021, ImmunityBio, Inc. and Amyris entered into an agreement governing the operation and management of AccessBio LLC (AccessBio). The purpose of AccessBio is the clinical development, manufacture, and commercialization of therapeutic, prophylactic, or diagnostic agent, that contains or uses the RNA Vaccine Platform or any element of the RNA Vaccine for the prevention and/or treatment of COVID-19 infection. 
 
 The Company contributed an intellectual property sublicense in certain intellectual property rights granted to Amyris under a world-wide, royalty-bearing, exclusive, sublicensable license in the Infectious Disease Research Institute (IDRI) technology and a rvRNA COVID-19 vaccine developed in connection with a collaboration and license agreement between the Company and IDRI. The sublicense contributed to AccessBio is a world-wide, royalty-bearing, exclusive license for the development and commercialization of the rvRNA COVID-19 vaccine. The Company received equity interest in AccessBio with a fair value of million in exchange for the sublicense. In accordance with the agreement, Amyris contributed an additional million cash after closing. 
 
 The Company accounts for its investment in AccessBio using the equity method. Under the equity method, the Company records its share of AccessBio's profits or losses for each accounting period in Loss from investments in affiliates in the consolidated statements of operations. The Company recorded a loss on equity method investment of million and million for the periods ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the carrying amount of the Company's equity investment in AccessBio was and million. 

8. 

84 

) ) Less: deemed dividend to preferred stockholders upon conversion of Series E preferred stock ) Add: loss allocated to participating securities Net loss attributable to Amyris, Inc. common stockholders, basic ) ) ) Adjustment to loss allocated to participating securities ) Interest on convertible debt Gain from change in fair value of debt ) Gain from change in fair value of derivative instruments ) ) Net loss attributable to Amyris, Inc. common stockholders, diluted ) ) ) Denominator: Weighted-average shares of common stock outstanding used in computing loss per share of common stock, basic Basic loss per share ) ) ) Weighted-average shares of common stock outstanding Effect of dilutive convertible debt Effect of dilutive common stock warrants Weighted-average common stock equivalents used in computing loss per share of common stock, diluted Diluted loss per share ) ) ) 
 
 Convertible promissory notes (1) 
 Stock options to purchase common stock Restricted stock units Contingently issuable common shares Preferred shares on an as-converted basis Total potentially dilutive securities excluded from computation of diluted loss per share 
 ______________ 
 (1) The potentially dilutive effect of convertible promissory notes was computed based on conversion ratios in effect as of the respective period end dates. A portion of the convertible promissory notes issued carries a provision for a reduction in conversion price under certain circumstances, which could potentially increase the dilutive shares outstanding. Another portion of the convertible promissory notes issued carries a provision for an increase in the conversion rate under certain circumstances, which could also potentially increase the dilutive shares outstanding. 
 85 

9. 
 
 liabilities recorded for these agreements as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 The Foris Convertible Note is collateralized by first-priority liens on substantially all of the Company's assets, including Company intellectual property, other than certain Company intellectual property licensed to DSM, the Company's international subsidiaries, and the Company s ownership interests in joint ventures. Certain of the Company s subsidiaries have guaranteed the Company s obligations under the Foris Convertible Note. 
 
 The obligations under the DSM Term Loan are guaranteed by certain Amyris subsidiaries, and secured by a perfected security interest in certain payment obligations due to Amyris from DSM Nutritional Products Ltd. 
 
 In October 2021, the Company entered into a manufacturing partnership agreement with Renfield Manufacturing, LLC (Renfield) to provide manufacturing services and third-party logistics processes, including inventory management, warehousing, and fulfillment for certain of the Company s consumer product lines. The Company also provided a million letter of credit and guarantee to the lessor of the Renfield manufacturing facility, which extends through August 2032. If Renfield fails to perform under the facility lease, the Company can terminate the manufacturing agreement. The Company expects that its potential future performance under the guarantee is not probable of occurrence. Accordingly, the Company had liabilities recorded for the guarantee as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 
 
 Other Matters 
 
 Certain conditions may exist as of the date the financial statements are issued, which may result in a loss to the Company but will only be recorded when one or more future events occur or fail to occur. The Company's management assesses such contingent liabilities, and such assessment inherently involves an exercise of judgement. In assessing loss contingencies related to legal proceedings that are pending against and by the Company or unasserted claims that may result in such proceedings, the Company's management evaluates the perceived merits of any legal proceedings or unasserted claims as well as the perceived merits of the amount of relief sought or expected to be sought. 
 
 If the assessment of a contingency indicates that it is probable that a material loss has been incurred and the amount of the liability can be estimated, then the estimated liability would be accrued in the Company's financial statements. If the assessment indicates that a potential material loss contingency is not probable but is reasonably possible, or is probable but cannot be reasonably estimated, then the nature of the contingent liability, together with an estimate of the range of possible loss if determinable and material would be disclosed. Loss contingencies considered to be remote by management are generally not disclosed unless they involve guarantees, in which case the guarantee would be disclosed. 
 
 On April 3, 2019, a securities class action complaint was filed against the Company and our CEO, John G. Melo, and former CFO, Kathleen Valiasek, in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California, alleging securities law violations based on statements and omissions made by the Company in 2018-2019. On February 4, 2022, the parties reached a tentative settlement of the securities class action in the amount of to be paid from the Company's insurer. On November 8, 2022, the settlement agreement was fully approved by the court. 
 
 Subsequent to the filing of the securities class action complaint described above, on June 21, 2019 and October 1, 2019, respectively, separate purported shareholder derivative complaints were filed in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California (Bonner v. Doerr, et al., and Carlson v. Doerr, et al.) based on similar allegations to those made in the securities class action complaint and naming the Company, and certain of the Company s current and former officers and directors, as defendants. The derivative lawsuits sought to recover, on the Company s behalf, unspecified damages purportedly sustained by the Company in connection with allegedly misleading statements and omissions made in connection with the Company s securities filings. An additional shareholder derivative complaint (Kimbrough v. Melo, et al.), 
 86 

87 

10. 
 
 North America Asia South America Other 
 
 The following table presents revenue by management revenue classification and by major product and service: 
 Years Ended December 31, (In thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Renewable Products Licenses and Royalties Collaborations, Grants and Other Total Renewable Products Licenses and Royalties Collaborations, Grants and Other Total Renewable Products Licenses and Royalties Collaborations, Grants and Other Total Consumer Technology access 
 
 Significant Revenue Agreements 
 
 DSM Revenue Agreements 
 
 DSM Ingredients Collaboration 
 
 The Company provides DSM with research and development services for specific field of use ingredients. Revenue is recognized based on an input measure of progress as labor hours are expended each quarter. DSM funded the development work with payments of million quarterly from October 1, 2020 to September 30, 2021 for services focused on achieving a certain fermentation yield and cost target over the period. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recognized million and million of collaboration revenue in connection with the agreement. 
 
 DSM License Agreement and Contract Assignment 
 
 In March 2021, the Company and DSM entered into a license agreement and asset purchase agreement where DSM acquired exclusive rights to the Company s Flavor and Fragrance (F F) product portfolio. The Company granted DSM exclusive licenses covering specific intellectual property of the Company and assigned the Company s rights and obligations under certain F F ingredients supply agreements to DSM, in exchange for non-refundable upfront consideration totaling million, and up to million of contingent consideration if and when certain commercial milestones are achieved in each of the calendar years 2022 through 2024. The Company recognized million of license and royalty revenue during the year ended December 31, 2021. The Company is recognizing revenue at the later of (1) when the underlying sales or usage has occurred and (2) the related performance obligation has been satisfied (or partially satisfied). During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized million of license and royalty revenue. 
 
 PureCircle License and Supply Agreement 
 
 On June 1, 2021, the Company and PureCircle Limited (PureCircle), a subsidiary of Ingredion Incorporated, entered into an intellectual property license agreement under which the Company (i) granted certain intellectual property licenses to PureCircle to make, have made, commercialize, and advance the development of sustainably sourced, zero-calorie, nature-based sweeteners and potentially other types of fermentation-based ingredients, as the exclusive global business-to-business commercialization partner for the Company s sugar reduction technology that includes fermented RebM, (ii) entered into a product supply and profit sharing agreement to provide manufacturing services and products to PureCircle, and (iii) assigned and transferred certain customer contracts to PureCircle related to the sale and distribution of RebM. Ingredion purchased of the membership interests in Amyris RealSweet LLC (RealSweet), a owned subsidiary of the Company, which entity owns the new manufacturing facility in Brazil. Ingredion s purchase of the contingently redeemable noncontrolling 
 88 

million license fee at closing and may receive additional payments of up to million upon achievement of certain milestones related to RebM sales and manufacturing cost targets. Additionally, under the product supply and profit sharing agreement, the Company will earn revenues from product sales to PureCircle and a profit share from future product sales, including RebM, by PureCircle. In connection with the arrangement, the Company recognized license revenue of million during the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 Revenue in connection with Significant Revenue Agreements 
 
 Sephora PureCircle AccessBio Yifan AMF Low Carbon Firmenich Givaudan DARPA Lavvan Subtotal revenue from significant revenue agreements Revenue from all other customers Total revenue from all customers 
 
 Contract Assets and Liabilities 
 
 When a contract results in revenue being recognized in excess of the amount the Company has invoiced or has the right to invoice to the customer, a contract asset is recognized. Contract assets are transferred to accounts receivable, net when the rights to the consideration become unconditional. 
 
 Contract liabilities consist of payments received from customers, or such consideration that is contractually due, in advance of providing the product or performing services such that control has not passed to the customer. 
 
 Trade receivables related to revenue from contracts with customers are included in accounts receivable on the consolidated balance sheets, net of the allowance for doubtful accounts. Trade receivables are recorded at the point of renewable product sale or in accordance with the contractual payment terms for licenses and royalties, and grants and collaborative research and development services for the amount payable by the customer to the Company for sale of goods or the performance of services, and for which the Company has the unconditional right to receive payment. 
 
 Contract Balances 

89 

Accounts receivable - related party, net Contract assets Contract assets - related party Contract liabilities Contract liabilities, noncurrent (1) 
 
 ______________ 
 (1) The balances in contract liabilities, noncurrent are included in other noncurrent liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 Contract liabilities, current decreased by million at December 31, 2022 as the result of satisfying certain performance obligations under collaboration agreements during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Remaining Performance Obligations 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, there were unsatisfied performance obligations in connection with existing customer agreements. 

11. 
 
 ) Foris Foris convertible note Foris senior note ) ) ) 
 
 Related Party Equity 
 
 In September 2022, the Company issued an million secured term note to Foris. As part of the arrangement, the Company issued warrants to purchase common stock. 
 
 In December 2022, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement with Foris that resulted in the sale of shares of common stock and warrants to purchase common stock. 
 
 Related Party Revenue 

90 

Daling (affiliate of a Board member) Subtotal revenue from related parties Revenue from all other customers Total revenue from all customers 

Related Party Accounts Receivable 

Related Party Accounts Payable and Accrued Liabilities 
 
 Amounts due to DSM on the consolidated balance sheets include Accounts payable and accrued and other current liabilities of million and million at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 
 Related Party DSM Transactions 

12. 
 
 91 

million, consisting of million cash at closing and million cash to be paid over . 
 
 Goodwill 
 Total consideration 

Goodwill associated with this acquisition is not deductible for tax purposes. 
 
 Onda Beauty Inc . 
 
 On April 11, 2022, Amyris acquired Onda Beauty Inc. (Onda). Founded in 2014, Onda offers a curated matrix of brands as well as services, such as facials. Onda provides Amyris with a venue to test products, host events, and produce content in a luxury retail setting. Onda was acquired for million, consisting of million cash at closing and Amyris stock valued at million. Trademarks, trade names and other intellectual property 
 Customer relationships 
 Goodwill 
 Total consideration 

The allocated purchase price also included deferred tax liabilities attributable to the intangible assets, excluding goodwill. Goodwill associated with this acquisition is not deductible for tax purposes. 
 
 MenoLabs, LLC. 
 
 On March 10, 2022, Amyris acquired MenoLabs, LLC, (MenoLabs), which was founded to fundamentally change how menopause is addressed by offering research-backed all-natural treatments of menopause symptoms. Amyris believes that the acquisition of MenoLabs will serve as a catalyst to accelerate growth and establish a leadership position in the fast-growing menopause market. MenoLabs was acquired for million, consisting of million in cash, a bridge loan of million provided by Amyris in January 2022, shares of Amyris stock with a fair value of million, and contingent consideration with a fair value of million. The contingent consideration consists of two potential payments of up to million each during the period after the closing date and the fourth quarter of 2024, if both MenoLabs s product revenues and profit margin meet certain targets. 
 
 Branded products 
 Application 
 Goodwill 
 Total consideration 

Goodwill associated with this acquisition is expected to be deductible for tax purposes. 
 
 EcoFab LLC. 
 
 On January 26, 2022, Amyris acquired of EcoFab, LLC (EcoFabulous). EcoFabulous is focused on delivering high performance, makeup artist-quality clean beauty products in ecofriendly packaging, and priced for Gen Z consumers. The purchase consideration consisted of million in cash and shares of Amyris stock with a fair value of million. 
 92 

million as of the acquisition date. Amyris has determined that EcoFab is a variable-interest entity and is accounted for in consolidation. 
 
 Less: noncontrolling interest ) Total consideration 
 
 _______________________ 
 (1) Includes a purchase price adjustment during the fourth quarter 2022 to reclassify definite-lived intangibles to goodwill. The related accumulated amortization of intangibles was insignificant. 
 
 Goodwill associated with this acquisition is not deductible for tax purposes. 
 
 Beauty Labs International, Ltd. 
 
 On August 31, 2021, the Company closed on an agreement with Beauty Labs International Limited (Beauty Labs) to purchase the U.K.-based data sciences and machine learning technology company that has developed one of the leading consumer applications for "try before you buy" color cosmetics. The acquisition of Beauty Labs accelerates the Company's growth and market leadership in clean beauty by adding digital innovation, machine learning, and data science to further enhance the consumer experience of its family of consumer brands. 
 
 Beauty Labs was acquired for million, consisting of cash of million, Amyris stock of million (including deferred stock consideration of million payable within six months after the closing date), and contingent consideration with a fair value of million to nonemployee shareholders. The contingent consideration consists of two potential payments that are based on future revenue of up to million each, with additional payments due in the case of overperformance for the years ending on December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2023. Trademarks, trade names and other intellectual property Developed technology Goodwill Total consideration 
 
 The allocated purchase price also included deferred tax liabilities attributable to the intangible assets, excluding goodwill, established at the acquisition date. No portion of goodwill is deductible for tax purposes. 
 
 MG Empower Ltd. 
 
 On August 11, 2021, the Company closed on an agreement with MG Empower Ltd. (MG Empower) to purchase MG Empower, a U.K.-based company providing influencer marketing and digital innovation services. Amyris' acquisition of MG Empower represents its continued investment in the future of marketing innovation by establishing a unique operating model that places digital technology and influencer marketing at the core of its consumer growth strategy. 
 
 MG Empower was acquired for million, consisting of cash of million, Amyris stock of million, and contingent consideration with a fair value of million. The contingent consideration consists of three potential payments of up to million that are based on achieving certain thresholds of revenue for the years ending on December 31, 2022, December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2024. The portion of the earnout payments due to the nonemployee shareholders are treated as consideration transferred, with a fair value of million, which was classified as other liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 

93 

Trademarks, trade names and other intellectual property Customer relationships and influencer network database Goodwill Total consideration 
 
 The allocated purchase price also included deferred tax liabilities attributable to the intangible assets, excluding goodwill, established at the acquisition date. No portion of goodwill is deductible for tax purposes. 
 
 Olika Inc. 
 
 On August 11, 2021, the Company closed on an agreement with OLIKA Inc. (Olika) for the acquisition of Olika and the purchase of outstanding notes from certain Olika noteholders. Olika specializes in the clean wellness category, combining safe and effective ingredients and nature-inspired design packages. The acquisition of Olika furthers the Company's growth in clean health and beauty, and complements the Company's family of consumer brands. 
 
 Olika was acquired for million, consisting of cash of million, Amyris stock of million, and contingent consideration with a fair value of million. The contingent consideration consists of i) two potential payments of million each that are based on achieving certain thresholds of revenue for the years ending December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2023 and; ii) two potential payments of million each that are based on continuing employment of certain key management during predetermined measurement periods. The revenue earnout payments to all selling stockholders and the portion of the retention earnout payments to the nonemployee shareholders totaling million are treated as consideration transferred. Trademarks, trade names and other intellectual property Customer relationships Patents Goodwill Total consideration 
 
 The allocated purchase price also included deferred tax liabilities attributable to the intangible assets, excluding goodwill, established at the acquisition date. No portion of goodwill is deductible for tax purposes. 
 
 Costa Brazil 
 
 On May 7, 2021, the Company acquired of Upland 1 LLC (Costa Brazil), a company providing consumer products made and inspired by pure, potent, enriching ingredients, sustainably sourced from the Brazilian Amazon. The acquisition allows the Company to further expand its consumer product offering and to leverage its science platform and fermentation technology to develop and scale Costa Brazil products. Costa Brazil was acquired for million. 
 
 Amyris common stock value Fair value adjustments ) ) Total consideration 
 
 94 

million each year for after acquisition plus a one-time million payment, upon the successful achievement of annual product revenue targets and certain cost milestones. The million total purchase consideration is allocated to tangible net assets, identifiable intangible assets related to trademarks, trade names, website domain names, other social media intellectual property, and customer relationships based on the estimated fair value of each asset. The excess purchase price over the fair value of the net assets and identifiable intangible assets was classified as goodwill. Trademarks, trade names and other intellectual property Customer relationships Goodwill Total consideration 
 
 No portion of goodwill is deductible for tax purposes. 

13. 
 
 Research and development Sales, general and administrative Total stock-based compensation expense 
 
 Plans 
 
 2020 Equity Incentive Plan 
 
 On June 22, 2020 the Company s 2020 Equity Incentive Plan (2020 Equity Plan) became effective. The plan will terminate in 2030. The 2020 Equity Plan provides for the grant of incentive stock options (ISOs), non-statutory stock options (NSOs), restricted stock awards, stock bonuses, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock units, and performance awards. ISOs may be granted only to Company employees or employees of its subsidiaries and affiliates. NSOs may be granted to eligible Company employees, consultants, and directors or any of the Company s parent, subsidiaries, or affiliates. The Company is able to issue up to shares pursuant to the grant of ISOs under the 2020 Equity Plan. The Leadership, Development, Inclusion, and Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors (LDICC) determines the terms of each option award, provided that ISOs are subject to statutory limitations. The LDICC also determines the exercise price for a stock option, provided that the exercise price of an option may not be less than (or in the case of recipients of ISOs who hold more than of the Company s stock on the option grant date) of the fair market value of the Company s common stock on the date of grant. Options granted under the 2020 Equity Plan vest at the rate specified by the LDICC, generally, up to a term of (or in the case of ISOs granted to 10 stockholders). In 2021, the LDICC approved the expansion of 2020 Equity Plan to cover employees in the United Kingdom and Portugal. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, options were outstanding to purchase shares of the Company's common stock granted under the 2020 and 2010 Equity Plans, with weighted-average exercise price per share of . In addition, as of December 31, 2022, restricted stock units representing the right to receive shares of the Company's common stock granted under the 2020 and 2010 Equity Plans were outstanding. As of December 31, 2022, shares of the Company s common stock remained available for future awards that may be granted under the 2020 Equity Plan. Upon the effective date of the 2020 Equity Plan, the Company no longer has shares available for issuance under the 2010 Equity Plan. 
 95 

of the Company s total outstanding shares as of the immediately preceding December 31. However, the Company s Board of Directors or the LDICC retains the discretion to reduce the amount of the increase in any particular year. 
 
 2010 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 
 The 2010 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (2010 ESPP) is designed to enable eligible employees to purchase shares of the Company s common stock at a discount. Offering periods generally commence on each May 16 and November 16, with each offering period lasting for and consisting of purchase periods. The purchase price for shares of common stock is the lesser of of the fair market value of the Company s common stock on the first day of the applicable offering period or the last day of each purchase period. The number of shares reserved for issuance increases automatically on January 1 of each year, starting with January 1, 2011, by a number of shares equal to of the Company s total outstanding shares as of the immediately preceding December 31. The Company s Board of Directors or the LDICC retains the discretion to reduce the amount of the increase in any particular year. In 2018, shareholders approved an amendment to the 2010 ESPP to increase the maximum number of shares of common stock that may be issued by million shares. In May 2021, shareholders approved certain amendments to the 2010 ESPP, including the extension of the 2010 ESPP for another years, an share increase in the number of shares authorized for issuance, and an extension of the annual automatic increase (or evergreen) provision by . No more than shares of the Company s common stock may be issued under the amended and restated 2010 ESPP and no other shares may be added to this plan without the approval of the Company s stockholders. 
 
 Evergreen Shares for 2020 Equity Incentive Plan and 2010 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 
 In March 2021, the Board approved increases to the number of shares available for issuance under the 2020 Equity Plan and the 2010 ESPP. 
 
 The increase in shares in connection with the 2020 Equity Plan represented an automatic annual increase in the number of shares available for grant and issuance under the 2020 Equity Plan of shares (Evergreen Shares). This increase was equal to of the total outstanding shares of the Company s common stock as of December 31, 2020. This automatic increase was effective as of January 1, 2021. 
 
 The increase in shares in connection with the 2010 ESPP represented an automatic annual increase in the number of shares reserved for issuance of shares, which represents the remaining allowable under the existing maximum limit for share issuance under the 2010 ESPP. This automatic increase was effective as of January 1, 2021. 
 
 Performance-based Stock Units 
 
 In May 2021, the Company s chief operating officer received performance-based restricted stock units (COO PSUs) with a per share grant date fair value of . COO PSUs are equity awards with the final number of restricted stock units that may vest determined based on the Company s performance against pre-established performance metrics that are related to the completed construction and the successful scaling, commissioning, and transitioning of new manufacturing facilities, and the successful launching of new brands. The performance metrics are measured from the grant date through December 31, 2022. The COO PSUs vest in tranches contingent upon the achievement of both operational performance metrics and the chief operating officer s continued employment with the Company. Over the measurement period, the number of COO PSUs that may vest and the related stock-based compensation expense that is recognized is adjusted upward or downward based upon the probability of achieving the operational performance metrics. Depending on the probability of achieving the operational performance metrics and certification by the Company s Board or Leadership, Development, Inclusion, and Compensation Committee of achievement of those operational performance metrics for each tranche, the COO PSUs vesting could be from to restricted stock units. As of December 31, 2022, the Company s management has determined that all milestones are probable of achievement. Stock-based compensation expense for this award totaled million on the grant date and was recognized ratably through December 31, 2022. million of stock-based compensation for the COO PSUs was recorded to general and administrative expense during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 In August 2021, the Company s chief executive officer and chief financial officer each received performance-based restricted stock units (the CEO PSUs and the CFO PSUs) with a per share grant date fair value ranging from to . The CEO PSUs and the CFO PSUs are equity awards with both a service condition and market condition. The number of CEO PSUs that may vest could be from to restricted stock units and the number of CFO PSUs that may vest could be from to 
 96 

restricted stock units, determined based on the performance of the Company s stock against pre-established Volume Weighted Average Price (VWAP) targets. The VWAP targets are measured from the grant date through July 1, 2025. Upon approval of the CEO PSUs by stockholders and immediately prior to the effectiveness of the CEO PSUs, the performance-based stock option to purchase up to shares of common stock granted to the Company s chief executive officer in 2018 was automatically cancelled and forfeited. The performance metrics of the 2018 CEO PSO had not been achieved and were not probable to be achieved prior to the conclusion of its term. The Company also reversed million of previously recognized expense related to the unvested portion of the 2018 CEO PSO award during the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 The CEO PSUs and the CFO PSUs both vest in tranches contingent upon both the achievement of VWAP targets and the respective officer s continued employment with the Company through the vesting dates. Over the measurement period, the number of PSUs that may vest and the related stock-based compensation expense that is recognized is adjusted based upon the actual date of achieving the VWAP targets. Stock-based compensation expense totaled million for the CEO PSUs and million for the CFO PSUs on the grant date and will be recognized ratably through July 1, 2026. million of stock-based compensation for the CEO PSUs and CFO PSUs has been recorded to general and administrative expense during the year ended December 31, 2021. Stock-based compensation expense is not subject to reversal if the market condition is not achieved. The fair value of PSUs was determined using a Monte Carlo simulation with the following assumptions: 
 
 Risk-free interest rate: 
 Expected volatility of the Company s common stock: 
 
 Stock Option Activity 
 
 Weighted-average grant-date fair value per share Compensation expense related to stock options (in millions) Unrecognized compensation costs as of December 31 (in millions) 
 
 The Company expects to recognize the December 31, 2022 balance of unrecognized costs over a weighted-average period of years. Future option grants will increase the amount of compensation expense to be recorded in these periods. 
 
 Stock-based compensation expense for stock options and employee stock purchase plan rights is estimated at the grant date and offering date based on a fair-value using the Black-Scholes-Merton option pricing model. The fair value of employee stock options is amortized on a ratable basis over the service period. 
 
 Risk-free interest rate Expected term (in years) Expected volatility 
 
 The expected life of options is based primarily on historical exercise experience of the employees for options granted by the Company. All options are treated as a single group in the determination of expected life, as the Company does not currently expect substantially different exercise or post-vesting termination behavior among the employee population. The risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury yield for a term consistent with the expected life of the awards in effect at the time of grant. Expected volatility is based on the historical volatility of the Company's common stock price. The Company has no history or expectation of paying dividends on common stock. 
 
 Stock-based compensation expense associated with options is based on awards ultimately expected to vest. At the time of an option grant, the Company estimates the expected future rate of forfeitures based on historical experience. These estimates are revised, if necessary, in subsequent periods if actual forfeiture rates differ from those estimates. If the actual forfeiture rate is lower than estimated the Company will record additional expense and if the actual forfeiture is higher than estimated the Company will record a recovery of prior expense. 
 97 

Options granted Options exercised ) Options forfeited or expired ) Outstanding - December 31, 2022 Vested or expected to vest after December 31, 2022 Exercisable at December 31, 2022 
 
 The total intrinsic value of options exercised under all option plans was million, million, and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. 
 
 Restricted Stock Units (Including Performance-based Stock Units) Activity and Expense 
 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, , , and RSUs, were granted with weighted-average service-inception date fair value per unit of , , and . The Company recognized RSU-related stock-based compensation expense of million, million, and million, for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, unrecognized RSU-related compensation costs totaled million and million. 
 
 Stock-based compensation expense for RSUs is measured based on the NASDAQ closing price of the Company's common stock on the date of grant. 
 
 Awarded Vested ) Forfeited ) Outstanding - December 31, 2022 Vested or expected to vest after December 31, 2022 
 
 ESPP Activity and Expense 
 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, , , and shares, of the Company's common stock were purchased under the 2010 ESPP. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, and shares of the Company s common stock remained reserved for issuance under the 2010 ESPP. 
 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, the Company recognized ESPP-related stock-based compensation expense of million, million and million. 

14. 

98 

) ) Foreign ) ) ) Net loss before income taxes ) ) ) 
 
 ) State ) Foreign Total current (benefit) provision ) ) Deferred: Federal ) ) State ) Foreign ) ) Total deferred (benefit) provision ) ) Total (benefit from) provision for income taxes ) ) ) ) Change in fair value of convertible debt ) Derivative liability ) Federal R D credit ) ) ) Foreign losses IRC Section 382 limitation ) Nondeductible interest Stock-based compensation ) Other Change in valuation allowance Effective income tax rate ) ) 
 
 99 

Property, plant and equipment Research and development credits Foreign tax credit Accruals and reserves Stock-based compensation Disallowed interest carryforward Capitalized research and development costs Intangible assets and other Equity investments Total deferred tax assets Intangible assets and other ) ) Equity investments ) ) Operating lease right-of-use assets ) ) ) Debt discounts and derivatives ) ) Total deferred tax liabilities ) ) ) Net deferred tax assets prior to valuation allowance Less: deferred tax assets valuation allowance ) ) ) Net deferred tax assets ) ) 
 
 Year ended December 31, 2021 ) Year ended December 31, 2020 
 
 Recognition of deferred tax assets is appropriate when realization of such assets is more likely than not. Based on the weight of available evidence, especially the uncertainties surrounding the realization of deferred tax assets through future taxable income, the Company believes that it is more likely than not that the net deferred tax assets will not be fully realizable. Accordingly, the Company has provided a full valuation allowance against its net deferred tax assets as of December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. The valuation allowance increased by million during the year ended December 31, 2022, decreased by million during the year ended December 31, 2021, and increased by million during the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 
 In connection with the acquisition of Onda on April 11, 2022, a net deferred tax liability of was established, the most significant component of which is related to book/tax basis differences associated with the acquired trademark and customer relationships. The net deferred tax liability from this acquisition created an additional source of income to realize deferred tax assets. As the Company continues to maintain a full valuation allowance against its deferred tax assets, this additional source of income resulted in the release of the Company s previously recorded valuation allowance against deferred assets. Consistent with the applicable guidance the release of the valuation allowance of caused by the acquisition was recorded in the consolidated financial statements outside of acquisition accounting as a tax benefit to the consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 In connection with the acquisition of MG Empower and Beauty Labs on August 11, 2021, a net deferred tax liability of million was established, the most significant component of which is related to book/tax basis differences associated with the acquired technology and customer relationships. The amortization of the intangibles also contributed to the deferred tax benefit recorded in the foreign jurisdictions in the current year. 
 100 

billion and state net operating loss carryforwards of million available to reduce future taxable income, if any. The Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, imposes restrictions on the utilization of net operating losses in the event of an ownership change of a corporation. Accordingly, a company s ability to use net operating losses may be limited as prescribed under Internal Revenue Code Section 382 (IRC Section 382). Events that may cause limitations in the amount of net operating losses that the Company may use in any one year include, but are not limited to, a cumulative ownership change of more than 50 over a three-year period. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company experienced a greater than 50 ownership shift on March 31, 2021. Per the Section 382 analysis, this 2021 ownership change did not result in a limitation such that there would be any permanent loss of NOL or research tax credit carryovers. Any NOLs and other tax attributes generated by the Company subsequent to March 31, 2021 are currently not subject to any IRC Section 382 limitations. Federal net operating losses generated during 2018 through 2022 have an indefinite carryover life and NOL utilization is limited to 80 of taxable income. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had foreign net operating loss carryovers of million. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had federal research and development credit carryforwards of million and California research and development credit carryforwards of million. 
 
 If not utilized, the federal net operating loss carryforward will begin expiring in 2034, and the California net operating loss carryforward will begin expiring in 2031. The federal research and development credit carryforwards will expire starting in 2037 if not utilized. The California research and development credit carryforwards can be carried forward indefinitely. 
 
 Increases in tax positions for prior period Increases in tax positions during current period Balance as of December 31, 2020 Lapse of statute ) Increases in tax positions for prior period Increases in tax positions during current period Balance as of December 31, 2021 Lapse of statute ) Increases in tax positions for prior period Increases in tax positions during current period Balance as of December 31, 2022 
 
 The Company s policy is to include interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits within the provision for income taxes. The Company accrued , and million for such interest for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 
 of the unrecognized tax benefits, if recognized, would affect the effective income tax rate for any of the above years due to the valuation allowance that currently offsets deferred tax assets. 
 
 The Company s primary tax jurisdiction is the United States. For U.S. federal and state income tax purposes, returns for tax years from 2008 through the current year remain open and subject to examination by the appropriate federal or state taxing authorities. Brazil tax years from 2013 through the current year remain open and subject to examination. 
 
 101 

15. 
 
 Brazil Europe 

16. 
 
 of Aprinnova, LLC Aprinnova ). The parties agreed to extend the closing until March 17, 2023, upon which closing Amyris will own of Aprinnova. Amyris agreed to pay interest on the purchase consideration and certain other amounts from February 14, 2023 through the closing date. 
 
 Asset Purchase Agreement 
 
 On February 21, 2023, Amyris and Givaudan SA Givaudan entered into an agreement where Amyris will sell, assign, or license certain of its cosmetic ingredients businesses to Givaudan, including an assignment of certain distribution agreements, a sale of certain trademarks, and a grant of an exclusive, worldwide, irrevocable license to distribute, market and sell Neossance Squalane emollient, Neossance Hemisqualane silicone alternative, and CleanScreen sun protector in cosmetics actives for million in cash at closing and up to million in earn-out payments over . The companies also entered into a long-term partnership agreement for the manufacturing of cosmetic ingredients by Amyris for Givaudan. 
 
 Perrara Bridge Loan 
 
 On March 10, 2023, Amyris and Perrara Ventures, LLC, a Foris affiliate, entered into an agreement to make available to Amyris a secured term bridge loan of million, to be funded in one or more advances, which will become due when the Givaudan transaction closes or within 90 days, whichever is earlier. Foris is a shareholder of the Company and is affiliated with John Doerr, a member of the Company s Board of Directors. 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 
 None. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 102 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 Disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended Exchange Act )) are designed to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the SEC and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. 
 
 Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer, we carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Based on this evaluation, the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Securities Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 based on the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013). Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Based on our assessment and those criteria, management concluded that the Company maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Under guidelines established by the SEC, companies are allowed to exclude an acquired business from management's report on internal control over financial reporting for the first year subsequent to the acquisition while integrating the acquired operations. Accordingly, management has excluded EcoFab LLC, MenoLabs, LLC, Onda Beauty Inc., and Interfaces Ind stria e Com rcio de Cosm ticos Ltda. from its annual report on internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. These acquired businesses collectively represented approximately 2 and 3 of the Company's consolidated total assets and total revenue, respectively, for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 The effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 has been audited by Macias, Gini O Connell LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report. Macias Gini O Connell, LLP's report on the consolidated financial statements appears under Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Inherent Limitations on the Effectiveness of Controls 
 
 Our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, believes that our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting are designed to provide reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives and are effective at the reasonable assurance level. However, our management does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal control over financial reporting will prevent all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision making can be faulty, and that breakdowns can occur because of a simple error or mistake. Additionally, controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more persons or by management override of the controls. The design of any system of controls also is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes 
 103 

in conditions, or the degree of compliance with policies or procedures may deteriorate. Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 Item 8.01. Other Events. 
 
 None. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 
 Not applicable. 
 104 

PART III 
 
 Certain information required by Part III is omitted from this Form 10-K because the registrant will file with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission a definitive proxy statement pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act in connection with the solicitation of proxies for the Company s 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the 2023 Proxy Statement) within 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this Form 10-K, and certain information included therein is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 
 The information required under this Item 10 is incorporated by reference to the 2023 Proxy Statement. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 
 The information required under this Item 11 is incorporated by reference to the 2023 Proxy Statement. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 
 The information required under this Item 12 is incorporated by reference to the 2023 Proxy Statement. 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 
 The information required under this Item 13 is incorporated by reference to the 2023 Proxy Statement. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 
 The information required under this Item 14 is incorporated by reference to the 2023 Proxy Statement. 
 105 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULE 
 
 We have filed the following documents as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K: 
 
 1. Financial Statements: See "Index to Consolidated Financial Statements" in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 2. Financial Statement Schedule: 
 a. Allowance for doubtful accounts: see Note 2, "Balance Sheet Details" in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 b. Deferred tax assets valuation allowance: see Note 14, "Income Taxes" in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 3. Exhibits: See "Index to Exhibits" below. 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 
 None. 
 106 

INDEX TO EXHIBITS 
 
 Exhibit 
 No. Description 2.01 a 
 Quota Purchase Agreement, dated November 17, 2017, among registrant, AB Technologies LLC and DSM Produtos Nutricionais Brasil S.A. 
 2.02 Amendment No. 1, dated December 28, 2017, to the Quota Purchase Agreement, dated November 17, 2017, among registrant, AB Technologies LLC and DSM Produtos Nutricionais Brasil S.A. 
 2.03 Amendment No. 2, dated April 16, 2019, to the Quota Purchase Agreement, dated November 17, 2017, among registrant, AB Technologies LLC and DSM Produtos Nutricionais Brasil S.A. 
 2.04 Amendment No. 3, dated February 24, 2020, to the Quota Purchase Agreement, dated November 17, 2017, among registrant, AB Technologies LLC and DSM Produtos Nutricionais Brasil S.A. 
 2.05 Amendment No. 4, dated as of March 30, 2020, to the Quota Purchase Agreement, dated November 17, 2017, among registrant, AB Technologies LLC and DSM Produtos Nutricionais Brasil S.A. 
 2.06 Amendment No. 5, dated May 22, 2020, to the Quota Purchase Agreement, dated November 17, 2017, among registrant, AB Technologies LLC and DSM Produtos Nutricionais Brasil S.A. 
 2.07 b 
 Equity Purchase Agreement, dated October 31, 2019, between registrant and Cosan US, Inc. 
 3.01 Restated Certificate of Incorporation 
 3.02 Certificate of Amendment, dated May 9, 2013, to Restated Certificate of Incorporation 
 3.03 Certificate of Amendment, dated May 12, 2014, to Restated Certificate of Incorporation 
 3.04 Certificate of Amendment, dated September 18, 2015, to Restated Certificate of Incorporation 
 3.05 Certificate of Amendment, dated May 18, 2016, to Restated Certificate of Incorporation 
 3.06 Certificate of Amendment, dated June 5, 2017, to Restated Certificate of Incorporation 
 3.07 Certificate of Amendment of the Restated Certificate of Incorporation dated May 29, 2020 
 3.08 Certificate of Amendment of the Restated Certificate of Incorporation dated May 28, 2021 
 3.09 Certificate of Amendment of the Restated Certificate of Incorporation dated June 10, 2022 
 3.10 Amended and Restated Bylaws 
 4.01 Specimen of Common Stock Certificate 
 4.02 a 
 Agreement, dated February 23, 2012, among registrant, Maxwell (Mauritius) Pte Ltd, Naxyris SA, Biolding Investment S.A., and Sualk Capital Ltd. 
 4.03 Exchange Agreement, dated July 26, 2015, between registrant and the investors listed therein 
 4.04 Letter Agreement dated as of July 29, 2015 among registrant and registrant s security holders listed therein 
 4.05 Warrant to Purchase Stock issued July 29, 2015 by registrant to Maxwell (Mauritius) Pte Ltd 
 4.06 Warrant to Purchase Stock issued July 29, 2015 by registrant to Maxwell (Mauritius) Pte Ltd 
 4.07 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated April 8, 2016, between registrant and Bill Melinda Gates Foundation 
 4.08 Letter Agreement re Charitable Purposes and Use of Funds, dated April 8, 2016, between registrant and the Bill Melinda Gates Foundation 
 4.09 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement, dated May 8, 2017, between registrant and the other parties thereto 
 4.10 Amendment No. 1, dated May 30, 2017 to Securities Purchase Agreement, dated May 8, 2017, between registrant and the other parties thereto 
 4.11 Form of Common Stock Purchase Warrant (Cash Warrant) issued May 11, 2017 by registrant to the purchasers thereof (found at Exhibit C-1, herein) 
 
 107 

4.12 Form of Common Stock Purchase Warrant (Dilution Warrant) issued May 11, 2017 by registrant to the purchasers thereof (found at Exhibit C-2, herein) 
 4.13 Stockholder Agreement, dated May 11, 2017, between registrant and DSM International B.V. 
 4.14 a 
 Amended and Restated Stockholder Agreement, dated August 7, 2017, between registrant and DSM International B.V. 
 4.15 Common Stock Purchase Warrant (Cash Warrant), issued May 31, 2017, by registrant to the investor named therein 
 4.16 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated August 2, 2017, between registrant and DSM International B.V. 
 4.17 Form of Stockholder Agreement, dated August 3, 2017, between registrant and affiliates of Vivo Capital LLC (found at Exhibit C, herein) 
 4.18 Common Stock Purchase Warrant issued May 10, 2019 by registrant to Silverback Opportunistic Credit Master Fund Limited 
 4.19 Form of Security Purchase Agreement, dated January 31, 2020, between registrant and certain investors 
 4.20 Form of Right to Purchase Shares of Common Stock issued January 31, 2020 by registrant to certain investors (found at Exhibit A, herein) 
 4.21 Form of Warrant Amendment Agreement, dated January 31, 2020, between registrant and certain investors 
 4.22 Warrant Amendment Agreement, dated May 1, 2020, between registrant and LMAP Kappa Limited 
 4.23 Rights Amendment Agreement, dated May 1, 2020, between registrant and Silverback Opportunistic Credit Master Fund Limited 
 4.24 Form of Security Purchase Agreement, dated June 1, 2020 or June 4, 2020, between registrant and certain accredited investors 
 4.25 Form of Amendment to Warrants to Purchase Shares of Common Stock, dated October 23, 2020, between registrant and certain investors 
 4.26 Indenture, dated as of November 15, 2021, by and between registrant and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee 
 4.27 Description of Registrant s Securities Registered Under Section 12 of the Exchange Act 
 4.28 Common Stock Purchase Warrant issued September 13, 2022 by the Company to Foris Ventures, LLC 
 4.29 Form of Registered Warrant 
 4.30 Form of Unregistered Warrant 
 10.01 Lease, dated August 22, 2007, between registrant and ES East Associates, LLC 
 10.02 First Amendment, dated March 10, 2008, to Lease, dated August 22, 2007, between registrant and ES East Associates, LLC 
 10.03 Second Amendment, dated April 25, 2008, to Lease, dated August 22, 2007, between registrant and ES East Associates, LLC 
 10.04 Third Amendment, dated July 31, 2008, to Lease, dated August 22, 2007, between registrant and ES East Associates, LLC 
 10.05 Fourth Amendment, dated November 14, 2009, to Lease, dated August 22, 2007, between registrant and ES East Associates, LLC 
 10.06 Fifth Amendment, dated October 15, 2010, to Lease, dated August 22, 2007, between registrant and ES East, LLC 
 10.07 Sixth Amendment, dated April 30, 2013, to Lease, dated August 22, 2007, between registrant and ES East, LLC 
 10.08 Seventh Amendment, dated June 27, 2022, to Lease, dated August 22, 2007, between registrant and ES East, LLC 
 10.09 Fourth Amendment, dated June 27, 2022, to Lease, dated April 25, 2008, between registrant and EmeryStation Triangle, LLC 
 10.10 Lease dated April 25, 2008 between registrant and EmeryStation Triangle, LLC 
 10.11 Letter, dated April 25, 2008, amending Lease between registrant and EmeryStation Triangle, LLC 

108 

10.12 Second Amendment, dated February 5, 2010, to Lease, dated April 25, 2008, between registrant and EmeryStation Triangle, LLC 
 10.13 Third Amendment, dated May 1, 2013, to Lease, dated April 25, 2008, between registrant and EmeryStation Triangle, LLC 
 10.14 Pilot Plant Expansion Right Letter dated December 22, 2008 between registrant and EmeryStation Triangle, LLC 
 10.15 a c 
 Lease Agreement, dated August 10, 2011, between Amyris Brasil Ltda. And Techno Park Empreendimentos e Administra o Imobili ria Ltda. 
 10.16 a c 
 First Amendment, dated July 31, 2013, to Lease Agreement, dated August 10, 2011, between Amyris Brasil Ltda. And Techno Park Empreendimentos e Administra o Imobili ria Ltda. 
 10.17 c 
 Second Amendment, dated October 31, 2015, to Lease Agreement, dated August 10, 2011, between Amyris Brasil Ltda. And Techno Park Empreendimentos e Administra o Imobili ria Ltda. 
 10.18 c 
 Third Amendment, dated March 30, 2016, to Lease Agreement, dated August 10, 2011, between Amyris Brasil Ltda. And Techno Park Empreendimentos e Administra o Imobili ria Ltda. 
 10.19 c 
 Fourth Amendment, dated May 7, 2019, to Lease Agreement, dated August 10, 2011, between Amyris Brasil Ltda. And Techno Park Empreendimentos e Administra o Imobili ria Ltda. 
 10.20 c 
 Private Instrument of Non-Residential Real Estate Lease Agreement, dated March 31, 2008, between Lucio Tomasiello and Amyris Brasil S.A. (including Amendment No. 1, dated July 5, 2008, and Amendment No. 2, dated October 30, 2008) 
 10.21 a c 
 Third Amendment, dated October 1, 2012, to the Private Instrument of Non Residential Real Estate Lease Agreement, dated March 31, 2008, between Lucio Tomasiello and Amyris Brasil Ltda. 
 10.22 a c 
 Fourth Amendment, dated March 3, 2015, to the Private Instrument of Non-Residential Real Estate Lease Agreement, dated March 31, 2008, among Amyris Brasil Ltda., Lucius Tomasiello and Mauricio Tomasiello 
 10.23 c 
 Fifth Amendment, dated September 22, 2015, to the Private Instrument of Non-Residential Real Estate Lease Agreement, dated March 31, 2008, among Amyris Brasil Ltda., Lucius Tomasiello and Mauricio Tomasiello 
 10.24 c 
 Sixth Amendment, dated October 17, 2016, to the Private Instrument of Non-Residential Real Estate Lease Agreement, dated March 31, 2008, among Amyris Brasil Ltda., Lucius Tomasiello and Mauricio Tomasiello 
 10.25 c 
 Seventh Amendment, dated September 25, 2017, to the Private Instrument of Non-Residential Real Estate Lease Agreement, dated March 31, 2008, among Amyris Brasil Ltda., Lucius Tomasiello and Mauricio Tomasiello 
 10.26 c 
 Eight Amendment, dated December 9, 2019, to the Private Instrument of Non-Residential Real Estate Lease Agreement, dated March 31, 2008, among Amyris Brasil Ltda., Lucius Tomasiello and Mauricio Tomasiello 
 10.27 Lease Agreement, dated May 10, 2019, between Amyris Brotas Fermemta o de Performance Ltda. and Ra zen Energia S.A. 
 10.28 1st Amendment to the Lease Agreement, dated August 13, 2020, between Amyris Brotas Fermemta o de Performance Ltda. and Ra zen Energia S.A. 
 10.29 Guaranty of Lease, dated October 13, 2021, by Amyris, Inc. for the benefit of CP Logistics NVCC IV, LLC 
 10.30 a 
 Joint Venture Agreement, dated December 6, 2016, among registrant, Nikko Chemicals Co. Ltd., and Nippon Surfactant Industries Co., Ltd. 
 10.31 a 
 First Amended and Restated LLC Operating Agreement of Aprinnova, LLC (f/k/a Neossance, LLC) dated December 6, 2016 
 10.32 b 
 Supply Agreement, dated December 28, 2017, between registrant and DSM Produtos Nutricionais Brasil S.A. 
 10.33 b 
 Amendment No. 1, dated November 19, 2018, to Supply Agreement, dated December 28, 2017, between registrant and DSM Nutritional Products AG, as assignee of DSM Produtos Nutricionais Brasil S.A. 

109 

10.34 b 
 Amendment No. 2, dated April 16, 2019, to Supply Agreement, dated December 28, 2017 between registrant and DSM Nutritional Products AG, as assignee of DSM Produtos Nutricionais Brasil S.A. 
 10.35 Amendment No. 3, dated October 3, 2019, to Supply Agreement, dated December 28, 2017, between registrant and DSM Nutritional Products AG, as assignee of DSM Produtos Nutricionais Brasil S.A. 
 10.36 a 
 Amendment No. 4, dated December 18, 2020, to Supply Agreement, dated December 21, 2020, between registrant and DSM Nutritional Products AG, as assignee of DSM Produtos Nutricionais Brasil S.A. 
 10.37 Amendment No. 5, dated March 31, 2021, to Supply Agreement, dated December 28, 2017, between us and DSM Nutritional Products AG, as assignee of DSM Produtos Nutricionais Brasil S.A. 
 10.38 Assignment Agreement, dated December 31, 2018, between registrant and Hangzhou Xinfu Science Tech Co. Ltd 
 10.39 b 
 Assignment and Assumption Agreement, dated April 16, 2019, among registrant, DSM Nutritional Products AG and DSM Nutritional Products Europe Ltd. 
 10.40 Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement, dated October 28, 2019, by and among the Company, the Subsidiary Guarantors and Foris Ventures, LLC 
 10.41 Amendment No. 1 to Amended and Restated Loan And Security Agreement, dated June 1, 2020, between registrant and Foris Ventures, LLC 
 10.42 Amendment to Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement, dated November 9, 2021, between registrant and Foris Ventures, LLC 
 10.43 Amendment to Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement, dated June 30, 2022, between registrant and Foris Ventures, LLC 
 10.44 Loan and Security Agreement dated September 13, 2022, by and among the Company, the Subsidiary Guarantors and Foris Ventures, LLC 
 10.45 Amendment and Restatement Agreement, dated September 27, 2022, by and among the Company, the Subsidiary Guarantors and Foris Ventures, LLC 
 10.46 Loan and Security Agreement dated October 11, 2022, by and among the Company, the Subsidiary Guarantors and DSM Finance B.V. 
 10.47 Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement, dated December 12, 2022, between registrant and DSM Finance B.V. 
 10.48 b A prinnova , LLC Share Purchase Agreement, dated December 15, 2022, betwe en registrant , Nikko Co., Ltd. , Nipp o n Surfactant Industries Co., Ltd. , and Aprinnova, LLC 
 10.49 Form of RDO Securities Purchase Agreement 
 10.50 Form of PIPE Security Purchase Agreement 
 10.51 a 
 Farnesene Framework Agreement, dated December 18, 2020, between registrant and DSM Nutritional Products Ltd. 
 10.52 Asset Purchase Agreement, dated March 31, 2021, between us and DSM Nutritional Products Ltd. 
 10.53 
 
 Offer Letter dated September 27, 2006 between registrant and John Melo 
 10.54 
 Amendment, dated December 18, 2008, to Offer Letter, dated September 27, 2006, between registrant and John Melo 
 10.55 
 
 Amendment #1, dated May 30, 2018, to Executive Severance Plan Participation Agreement, dated December 18, 2013, between the registrant and John Melo 
 10.56 
 
 Offer Letter, dated June 5, 2017, between registrant and Nicole Kelsey 
 10.57 
 
 Amendment, dated September 18, 2017, to Offer Letter, dated June 5, 2017, between registrant and Nicole Kelsey 
 10.58 
 
 Offer Letter, dated October 5, 2017, between registrant and Eduardo Alvarez 
 10.59 Offer Letter, dated February 6, 2020, between registrant and Han Kieftenbeld 
 10.60 
 
 2010 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended on May 22, 2018, and forms of award agreements thereunder 
 10.61 
 
 Amended and Restated 2010 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 

110 

10.62 
 2020 Equity Incentive Plan 
 10.63 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for 2020 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended 
 10.64 
 Form of Stock Option Agreement for 2020 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended 
 10.65 
 Performance-vesting restricted stock unit award, dated August 2, 2021, between the registrant and John Melo (found at Addendum A, herein) 
 10.66 
 
 Executive Severance Plan, effective May 1 7, 2022 
 10.67 
 
 Compensation arrangements between registrant and its non-employee directors 
 10.68 
 
 Compensation arrangements between registrant and its executive officers 
 10.69 
 
 Form of Indemnity Agreement between registrant and its directors and executive officers 
 21.01 List of subsidiaries 
 23.01 Consent of Macias Gini O Connell LLP, independent registered public accounting firm 
 24.01 Power of Attorney (included on signature page to this Form 10-K) 
 31.01 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(c) and 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 31.02 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(c) and 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.01 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.02 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 101.INS XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 
 
 a Portions of this exhibit, which have been granted confidential treatment by the Securities and Exchange Commission, have been omitted. b Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(10)(iv) of Regulation S-K promulgated under the Exchange Act. c Translation to English from Portuguese in accordance with Rule 12b-12(d) of the regulations promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission under the Exchange Act. Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. Incorporated by reference as an exhibit to this Report. 
 Filed with this Report. Furnished with this Report 

111 

SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 AMYRIS, INC. 
 By: 
 /s/ John G. Melo 
 John G. Melo 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 
 March 16, 2023 
 
 POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 
 KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints John G. Melo and Han Kieftenbeld, and each of them, as his or her true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for him or her and in his or her name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in connection therewith, as fully to all intents and purposes as he or she might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming that all said attorneys-in-fact and agents, or any of them or their or his or her substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Annual Report on Form 10-K has been signed by the following persons on behalf of the registrant, in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

112 

Signature Title Date /s/ John G. Melo 
 John G. Melo 
 Director, President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) March 16, 2023 /s/ Han Kieftenbeld 
 Han Kieftenbeld 
 Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) March 16, 2023 /s/ Elizabeth E. Dreyer 
 Elizabeth E. Dreyer 
 Chief Accounting Officer (Principal Accounting Officer) March 16, 2023 /s/ John Doerr 
 John Doerr 
 Director March 16, 2023 /s/ Ana Dutra 
 Ana Dutra 
 Director March 16, 2023 /s/ Geoffrey Duyk 
 Geoffrey Duyk 
 Director March 16, 2023 /s/ Philip Eykerman 
 Philip Eykerman 
 Director March 16, 2023 /s/ Frank Kung 
 Frank Kung 
 Director March 16, 2023 /s/ James McCann 
 James McCann 
 Director March 16, 2023 /s/ Steve Mills 
 Steve Mills 
 Director March 16, 2023 /s/ Ryan Panchadsaram 
 Ryan Panchadsaram 
 Director March 16, 2023 /s/ Lisa Qi 
 Lisa Qi 
 Director March 16, 2023 /s/ Julie Washington 
 Julie Washington 
 Director March 16, 2023 

113 

<EX-10.66>
 2
 exhibit10662022executivese.htm
 EX-10.66

Document 

AMYRIS, INC. EXECUTIVE SEVERANCE PLAN 
 
 Amyris, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), hereby enters into this Executive Severance Plan (this Plan ), as of May 17, 2022 (the Effective Date ). This Plan shall be effective for all Participation Agreements entered into after the Effective Date. 
 
 1. General. 
 
 Purpose . The purpose of this Plan is to provide specified compensation and benefits to the selected executive officers (each, the Employee of the Company in the event of an Involuntary Termination as an incentive to the Employee to remain in the employment of the Company and to be focused and motivated to work to maximize the value of the Company for the benefit of its stockholders. 
 
 Eligibility Release of Claims. The Employee shall be eligible to receive payments from the Plan only if he or she has signed the Participation Agreement in the form attached as Exhibit A to this Plan (a Participation Agreement ). In addition, the Employee s receipt of payments and benefits under this Plan is conditioned upon the delivery by the Employee of a signed release of claims in substantially the form attached hereto as Exhibit B (the Release ). 
 
 Defined Terms . Capitalized terms used in this Plan and not defined in the text of this Plan shall have the meanings set forth in Section 2, unless the context clearly requires a different meaning. 
 
 2. Definitions . 
 
 The following terms referred to in this Plan shall have the following meanings. 
 
 Benefits Continuation Period shall mean the period of time commencing with the date of the Employee s Involuntary Termination at any time and ending the number of months following the date of the Employee s Involuntary Termination specified for the relevant benefits in the Employee s Participation Agreement. 
 
 Board shall mean the board of directors of the Company. 
 
 Cause shall mean the Employee s (i) gross negligence or intentional misconduct in the performance of the Employee s duties to the Company, (ii) failure or inability to satisfactorily perform any assigned duties, (iii) commission of any act of fraud or misappropriation of property belonging to the Company or its affiliates or material dishonesty with respect to the Company or any of its affiliates , (iv) conviction of (including any plea of no contest to) a felony or a crime involving moral turpitude, (v) unauthorized use or disclosure of the confidential information or trade secrets of the Company or any of its affiliates which use causes material harm to the Company or any of its affiliates, (vi) material breach of any contractual obligation to the Company or any written policy of the Company, (v) failure to cooperate in good faith with a governmental or internal investigation of the Company or its directors, officers or employees, if the Company has requested the Employee s cooperation, or (vi) non-performance, non-compliance or interference with any third party s performance of the terms of any confidentiality, invention assignment or proprietary information agreement with Amyris or a former employer of the Employee provided , however , that prior to any determination that Cause under this Plan has occurred, the Company shall (x) provide written notice to the Employee specifying the particular event or actions giving rise to such determination and (y) provide the Employee with ten (10) days following receipt of such written notice (or thirty (30) days following receipt of a notice regarding failure or inability to satisfactorily perform any assigned duties) to cure such event or actions giving rise to a determination of Cause, if curable. 
 
 Change of Control shall mean the first to occur of any of the following events after the date 
 hereof 

1 

(i) the consummation of a merger or consolidation of the Company with any other entity, other than a merger or consolidation where the stockholders of the Company immediately before such transaction obtain or retain, directly or indirectly, at least a majority of the beneficial interest in the voting securities of the acquiring entity or surviving entity immediately after such merger or consolidation or 
 
 (ii) the consummation of the sale or disposition (or the last in a series of sales or dispositions) by the Company of all or substantially all of the Company s assets, other than a sale or disposition to a wholly-owned direct or indirect subsidiary of the Company and other than a sale or disposition where the stockholders of the Company immediately before such transaction obtain or retain, directly or indirectly, at least a majority of the beneficial interest in the voting securities of the acquiring entity or surviving entity to which such sale or disposition was made after such sale or disposition or 
 
 (iii) any person (as such term is used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) or group of persons becoming the beneficial owner (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under said Act), directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing more than fifty percent (50 of the total voting power represented by the Company s then outstanding voting securities or 
 
 (iv) during any one (1) consecutive year period after the Effective Date, Incumbent Directors cease for any reason to constitute a majority of the Board. 
 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, a transaction that does not constitute a Change of Control event under U.S. Treasury Regulation 1.409A-3(i)(5)(v) or (vii) will not be considered a Change of Control for purposes of this Plan 
 
 Change of Control Period shall mean the period (i) beginning upon the later of (A) three (3) months before a Change of Control and the Potential Change in Control Date and (ii) and ending twelve (12) months after a Change of Control. 
 
 Disability shall mean the Employee s inability to engage in any substantial gainful activity by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment that can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of twelve months or more. 
 Good Reason shall mean the occurrence of any of the following without the Employee s express written consent (i) material reduction of the Employee s duties, title or responsibilities relative to the Employee s duties, title or responsibilities in effect immediately prior to such reduction 
 (ii) a reduction of the Employee s base salary as in effect immediately prior to such reduction (other than as part of an across-the-board, proportional reduction) (iii) the relocation of the Employee to a facility or a location more than fifty (50) miles from his or her then-current work location facility, which is more than fifty (50) miles from the Employee s then-current residence or (iv) the failure of the Company to obtain the assumption of this Plan by a successor. Notwithstanding anything else contained herein, in the event of the occurrence of a condition listed above, the Employee must provide written notice to the Company within ninety (90) days of the occurrence of a condition listed above and allow the Company thirty (30) days in which to cure such condition. Additionally, in the event the Company fails to cure the condition within the cure period provided, in order for the Employee s resignation to be with Good Reason, the Employee must terminate employment with the Company within thirty (30) days of the end of the cure period. 
 
 Incumbent Directors shall mean directors who either (i) are directors of the Company as of the Effective Date, or (ii) are elected, or nominated for election, to the Board with the affirmative votes of at least a majority of those directors then still in office who either were directors on the Effective Date or whose election or nomination for election was so approved, but excluding any director who was elected in connection with any actual or threatened proxy contest. 
 
 Involuntary Termination shall mean (i) a termination by the Company of the Employee s employment with the Company (or affiliate of the Company if the Employee is employed by an affiliate of the Company immediately prior to such termination) other than (A) for Cause, (B) due to the Employee s death or (C) due to the Employee s Disability or (ii) a resignation by the Employee of the 

2 

Employee s employment with the Company (or affiliate of the Company if the Employee is employed by an affiliate of the Company immediately prior to such termination) for Good Reason. 
 
 Non-Solicitation Period shall mean the period of time commencing with the date of the Employee s Involuntary Termination at any time and ending with the expiration of twelve (12) months following the date of the Employee s Involuntary Termination. 
 
 Personnel shall mean any of the Company s employees and any former employees who have terminated their employment with the Company within six months of the date of the purported solicitation. 
 
 Potential Change of Control Date shall mean the date during an Original Term or a Renewal Term on which the Company enters into a definitive agreement that would result in a Change of Control (even though still subject to approval by the Company s stockholders or other conditions and contingencies) if the transaction contemplated by such definitive agreement is consummated. 
 
 3. Term of Plan . 
 
 This Plan shall be in effect for the period commencing on the Effective Date and ending on the thirty-six 
 (36) month anniversary of the Effective Date (the Original Term provided that at the end of the Original Term and for each one-year period thereafter (each year a Renewal Term ), this Plan shall be automatically extended for successive additional one-year Renewal Terms unless the Company has provided six (6) months prior notice to the Employee of non-renewal prior to the end of the Original Term or the applicable Renewal Term and provided further that (i) if a Change of Control shall have occurred during an Original Term or a Renewal Term or (ii) if a Potential Change of Control Date occurs and the definitive agreement associated with such Potential Change of Control Date is not subsequently terminated, this Plan shall remain in effect for a period of twelve (12) months following the date of the consummation of such Change of Control, and this Plan shall remain in effect to give effect to its provisions. 
 
 4. At-Will Employment . 
 The Company and the Employee acknowledge that the Employee s employment is and shall continue to be at-will, as defined under applicable law. 
 
 5. Severance Benefits (except Change of Control Severance Benefits) . 
 
 (a) Involuntary Termination . If the Employee s employment with the Company terminates as a result of an Involuntary Termination (other than during the Change of Control Period, which is addressed by Section 6), then the Employee shall be entitled to receive from the Company the following benefits, contingent upon the Employee s execution, delivery and non-revocation of the Release within sixty (60) days from the Employee s separation from service (within the meaning of Section 409A Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code )). 
 
 (i) Cash Severance Payments . The Employee shall receive a continuation of Employee s annual base salary in effect on the date of termination for the period set forth in the Participation Agreement (the Cash Severance Payments commencing on or before the first regular payroll date that is at least sixty (60) days following the Employee s termination of employment provided the Release has been timely executed and delivered to the Company, and not revoked prior to such date. The first installment of the Cash Severance Payments will include a catch-up payment covering the amount that would have otherwise been paid during the period between the Employee s termination of employment and the first payment date but for this section and the balance of the installments will be payable in accordance with the Company s regular payroll schedule. 
 
 (ii) Health Benefits Continuation . During the Benefits Continuation Period, through the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act COBRA or otherwise, the Company shall continue to make available to the Employee and the Employee s spouse and dependents covered under any group health plans of the Company on the date of such termination of employment, all group health insurance plans in which the Employee or such covered dependents participate on the date of the Employee s termination at the same cost to the Employee as the Employee paid for such benefits prior to 

3 

termination of employment. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Company determines in its sole discretion that it cannot provide the health benefits continuation described herein without potentially violating applicable law (including, without limitation, Section 2716 of the Public Health Service Act), the Company shall in lieu thereof during the Benefits Continuation Period provide to the Employee a taxable monthly payment in an amount equal to the monthly COBRA premium that the Employee would be required to pay to continue the Employee s group health coverage in effect on the date of the Employee s termination of employment (which amount shall be based on the premium for the first month of COBRA coverage), which payments shall be made regardless of whether the Employee elects COBRA continuation coverage. 
 
 (b) Other Termination . If the Employee s employment with the Company terminates other than as a result of an Involuntary Termination, then the Employee shall not be entitled to receive the Cash Severance Payments or other benefits under this Section 5, but may be eligible for those benefits (if any) as may then be established under the Company s then existing severance and benefits plans and policies at the time of such termination. 
 
 (c) Accrued Wages and Vacation Expenses . Without regard to the reason for, or the timing of, the Employee s termination of employment (i) the Company shall pay the Employee any unpaid base salary due for periods prior to the date of termination and any earned but unpaid bonuses from a prior fiscal year and (ii) following submission of proper expense reports by the Employee, the Company shall reimburse the Employee for all expenses reasonably and necessarily incurred by the Employee in connection with the business of the Company prior to the date of termination. These payments shall be made promptly upon termination and within the period of time mandated by law. 
 
 6. Change of Control and Severance Benefits . 
 
 (a) Involuntary Termination During Change of Control Period . If the Employee s employment with the Company terminates as a result of an Involuntary Termination during the Change of Control Period, then the Employee shall be entitled to receive from the Company the following benefits, contingent upon the Employee s execution, delivery and non-revocation of the Release within sixty (60) days from the Employee s separation from service (within the meaning of Section 409A) 
 
 (i) Cash Severance Payments . The Employee shall receive the Cash Severance Payments commencing on or before the first regular payroll date that is at least sixty (60) days following the Employee s termination of employment provided the Release has been timely executed and delivered to the Company, and not revoked prior to such date. The first installment of the Cash Severance Payments will include a catch-up payment covering the amount that would have otherwise been paid during the period between the Employee s termination of employment and the first payment date but for this section and the balance of the installments will be payable in accordance with the Company s regular payroll schedule. 
 
 (ii) Health Benefits Continuation . During the Benefits Continuation Period, through COBRA or otherwise, the Company shall continue to make available to the Employee and the Employee s spouse and dependents covered under any group health plans of the Company on the date of such termination of employment, all group health insurance plans in which the Employee or such covered dependents participate on the date of the Employee s termination at the same cost to the Employee as the Employee paid for such benefits prior to termination of employment. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Company determines in its sole discretion that it cannot provide the health benefits continuation described herein without potentially violating applicable law (including, without limitation, Section 2716 of the Public Health Service Act), the Company shall in lieu thereof during the period of time set forth in the Employee s Participation Agreement provide to the Employee a taxable monthly payment in an amount equal to the monthly COBRA premium that the Employee would be required to pay to continue the Employee s group health coverage in effect on the date of the Employee s termination of employment (which amount shall be based on the premium for the first month of COBRA coverage), which payments shall be made regardless of whether the Employee elects COBRA continuation coverage. 
 
 (iii) Equity Acceleration . The vesting and exercisability of each option, restricted stock award, restricted stock unit or other stock based award (each, a Stock Award shall be automatically accelerated 100 and the forfeiture provisions and or Company right of repurchase of each Stock Award shall automatically lapse accordingly provided that in the case of any unvested Stock 

4 

Awards that are subject to performance-based vesting terms as of the date of such termination, the treatment of such performance-based vesting conditions shall be governed by the applicable equity plan and award agreement provided, further , that, in the event that such termination of employment occurs following a Potential Change in Control Date and prior to a Change of Control, each outstanding and unvested Stock Award shall cease vesting pursuant to its normal vesting schedule on the date of such termination of employment but shall not lapse or be forfeited on such date, and instead such award shall remain outstanding until the three-month anniversary of such termination of employment, and in the event that a Change of Control subsequently occurs during such 3-month period, such award shall become accelerated to the extent set forth in this Section 6(a)(iii) as if such termination occurred immediately following the Change of Control, and in the event that a Change of Control does not subsequently occur during such 3-month period such award shall be canceled for no consideration upon the conclusion of such three-month period. 
 
 (iv) No Duplication of Payments or Benefits. In no event shall an Involuntary Termination before a Change of Control result in duplicate payments or benefits under Section 5 and Section 6. 
 
 (b) Other Termination During the Change of Control Period . If the Employee s employment with the Company terminates other than as a result of an Involuntary Termination at any time within the Change of Control Period, then the Employee shall not be entitled to receive the Cash Severance Payments or other benefits under this Section 6, but may be eligible for those benefits (if any) as may then be established under the Company s then existing severance and benefits plans and policies at the time of such termination. 
 
 (c) Termination Apart from a Change of Control . If the Employee s employment with the Company terminates for any or no reason other than within the period beginning three (3) months before a Change of Control and ending twelve (12) months after a Change of Control, then the Employee shall not be entitled to receive the Cash Severance Payments or other benefits under this Section 6, but may be eligible for those benefits (if any) as may then be established under the Company s then existing severance and benefits plans and policies at the time of such termination. 
 
 (d) Accrued Wages and Vacation Expenses . Without regard to the reason for, or the timing of, the Employee s termination of employment (i) the Company shall pay the Employee any unpaid base salary due for periods prior to the date of termination and any earned but unpaid bonuses from a prior fiscal year and (ii) following submission of proper expense reports by the Employee, the Company shall reimburse the Employee for all expenses reasonably and necessarily incurred by the Employee in connection with the business of the Company prior to the date of termination. These payments shall be made promptly upon termination and within the period of time mandated by law. 
 
 7. Non-Solicitation. 
 In consideration of the benefits and protections conferred under this Plan, the Employee agrees that during the Non-Solicitation Period, the Employee shall not either directly or indirectly solicit, induce, recruit or encourage any of the Personnel to leave their employment, or take away such Personnel, or attempt to solicit, induce, recruit, encourage or take away such Personnel, either for the Employee or for any other person or entity. 
 
 8. Confidentiality. 
 In consideration of the benefits and protections conferred under this Plan, the Employee agrees that he or she will continue to abide by the confidentiality provisions in the Company s Proprietary Information and Inventions Agreement, or similar agreement, as executed by the Employee. 
 
 9. Forfeiture upon Breach of Covenants. 
 Notwithstanding any of the foregoing, if the Employee breaches his or her obligations under Section 7 or Section 8, from and after the date of such breach, then in either instance (i) the Employee will no longer be entitled to, and the Company will no longer be obligated to pay, any remaining unpaid portion of any Cash Severance Payments and (ii) the Employee will no longer be entitled to, and the Company will no longer be obligated to make available to the Employee or the Employee s spouse or dependents, any 

5 

group health insurance plans or any payment in respect of such plans. In all other cases, the Employee shall not be required to mitigate the amount of any payment contemplated by this Plan. 
 
 10. Limitation on Benefits. 
 
 (a) Notwithstanding anything contained in this Plan to the contrary, to the extent that the payments and benefits provided under this Plan and benefits provided to, or for the benefit of, the Employee under any other employer plan or agreement (such payments or benefits are collectively referred to as the Benefits would be subject to the excise tax (the Excise Tax imposed under Section 4999 of the Code, the Benefits shall be reduced (but not below zero) if and to the extent that a reduction in the Benefits would result in the Employee retaining a larger amount, on an after-tax basis (taking into account federal, state and local income taxes and the Excise Tax), than if the Employee received all of the Benefits (such reduced amount is hereinafter referred to as the Limited Benefit Amount ). If required, the payments and benefits under this Plan shall be reduced in the following order (i) a pro rata reduction of (x) cash payments that are subject to Section 409A as deferred compensation and (y) cash payments not subject to Section 409A of the Code (ii) a pro rata reduction of (x) employee benefits that are subject to Section 409A as deferred compensation and (y) employee benefits not subject to Section 409A of the Code and (iii) a pro rata cancellation of (x) accelerated vesting of stock and other equity-based awards that are subject to Section 409A of the Code as deferred compensation and (y) stock and other equity-based awards not subject to Section 409A. In the event that acceleration of vesting of stock and other equity-based award compensation is to be reduced, such acceleration of vesting shall be cancelled in the reverse order of the date of grant of the Employee s stock and other equity-based awards unless the Employee elects in writing a different order for cancellation. 
 
 (b) A determination as to whether the Benefits shall be reduced to the Limited Benefit Amount pursuant to this Plan and the amount of such Limited Benefit Amount shall be made by the Company s independent public accountant or another certified public accounting firm of national reputation designated by the Company (the Accounting Firm at the Company s expense. The Accounting Firm shall provide its determination (the Determination ), together with detailed supporting calculations and documentation to the Company and the Employee within five (5) days of the date of termination of the Employee s employment, if applicable, or such other time as requested by the Company or by the Employee (provided the Employee reasonably believes that any of the Benefits may be subject to the Excise Tax) and if the Accounting Firm determines that no Excise Tax is payable by the Employee with respect to any Benefits, it shall furnish the Employee with an opinion reasonably acceptable to the Employee that no Excise Tax will be imposed with respect to any such Benefits. Within ten (10) days of the delivery of the Determination to the Employee, the Employee shall have the right to dispute the Determination (the Dispute ). If there is no Dispute, the Determination shall be binding, final and conclusive upon the Company and the Employee. 
 
 (c) Notwithstanding anything else provided herein, to the extent any payments provided under this Plan in connection with the Employee s termination of employment constitute deferred compensation subject to Section 409A of the Code and the regulations thereunder Section 409A ), and the Employee is deemed at the time of such termination of employment to be a specified employee under Section 409A, then such payment shall not be made or commence until the earlier of (i) the expiration of the six (6) month period measured from the Employee s separation from service from the Company or (ii) the date of the Employee s death following such a separation from service provided , however , that such deferral shall only be effected to the extent required to avoid adverse tax treatment to the Employee including, without limitation, the twenty percent (20 tax for which the Employee would otherwise be liable under Section 409A(a)(1)(B) of the Code in the absence of such deferral. Upon the expiration of the applicable deferral period, any payments which would have otherwise been made during that period (whether in a single sum or in installments) in the absence of this paragraph shall be paid to the Employee or the Employee s beneficiary in one lump sum (without interest). Any termination of the Employee s employment is intended to constitute a separation from service as such term is defined in Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1. To the extent that any provision of this Plan is ambiguous as to its compliance with Section 409A, the provision will be read in such a manner so that all payments hereunder comply with Section 409A. To the extent any payment under this Plan may be classified as a short-term deferral within the meaning of Section 409A, such payment shall be deemed a short-term deferral, even if it may also qualify for an exemption from Section 409A under another provision of Section 409A. Payments pursuant to this Section are intended to constitute separate payments for purposes of Section 1.409A-2(b)(2) of the Treasury Regulations. 

6 

11. Successors. 
 
 (a) Company s Successors . Any successor to the Company (whether direct or indirect) to all or substantially all of the Company s business and or assets shall assume the Company s obligations under this Plan and agree expressly to perform the Company s obligations under this Plan in the same manner and to the same extent as the Company would be required to perform such obligations in the absence of a succession. For all purposes under this Plan, the term Company shall include any successor to the Company s business and or assets. 
 
 (b) Employee s Successors . Without the written consent of the Company, the Employee shall not assign or transfer this Plan or any right or obligation under this Plan to any other person or entity. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the terms of this Plan and all rights of the Employee hereunder shall inure to the benefit of, and be enforceable by, the Employee s personal or legal representatives, executors, administrators, successors, heirs, distributees, devisees and legatees. 
 
 12. Notices. 
 
 (a) General . Notices and all other communications contemplated by this Plan shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given when personally delivered or when mailed by U.S. registered or certified mail, return receipt requested and postage prepaid. In the case of the Employee, mailed notices shall be addressed to him or her at the home address that he or she most recently communicated to the Company in writing. In the case of the Company, mailed notices shall be addressed to its corporate headquarters, and all notices shall be directed to the attention of its General Counsel, or to the Chief Financial Officer if the notice to the Company is from the General Counsel. 
 
 (b) Notice of Termination . Any termination by the Company or by the Employee shall be communicated by a notice of termination to the other party hereto given in accordance with this Section 12. 
 
 13. Arbitration. 
 
 (a) Except to the extent previously agreed upon in Employee s existing Mutual Agreement to Binding Arbitration with the Company, any dispute or controversy arising out of, relating to, or in connection with this Plan, or the interpretation, validity, construction, performance, breach, or termination thereof, shall be settled by binding arbitration to be held in San Jose, California, in accordance with the National Rules for the Resolution of Employment Disputes then in effect of the American Arbitration Association (the Rules ). The arbitrator(s) may grant injunctions or other relief in such dispute or controversy. The decision of the arbitrator shall be final, conclusive and binding on the parties to the arbitration. Judgment may be entered on the arbitrator s decision in any court having jurisdiction. 
 
 (b) The arbitrator(s) shall apply California law to the merits of any dispute or claim, without reference to conflicts of law rules. The arbitral proceedings shall be governed by federal arbitration law and by the Rules, without reference to state arbitration law. The Employee hereby consents to the personal jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located in California for any action or proceeding arising from or relating to this Plan or relating to any arbitration in which the parties are participants. 
 
 (c) THE EMPLOYEE HAS READ AND UNDERSTANDS THIS ARTICLE, WHICH DISCUSSES ARBITRATION. EMPLOYEE UNDERSTANDS THAT SUBMITTING ANY CLAIMS ARISING OUT OF, RELATING TO, OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS PLAN, OR THE INTERPRETATION, VALIDITY, CONSTRUCTION, PERFORMANCE, BREACH OR TERMINATION THEREOF TO BINDING ARBITRATION, CONSTITUTES A WAIVER OF EMPLOYEE S RIGHT TO A JURY TRIAL AND RELATES TO THE RESOLUTION OF ALL DISPUTES RELATING TO ALL ASPECTS OF THE EMPLOYER EMPLOYEE RELATIONSHIP, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE FOLLOWING CLAIMS 
 
 (i) ANY AND ALL CLAIMS FOR WRONGFUL DISCHARGE OF EMPLOYMENT BREACH OF CONTRACT, BOTH EXPRESS AND IMPLIED BREACH OF THE 

7 

COVENANT OF GOOD FAITH AND FAIR DEALING, BOTH EXPRESS AND IMPLIED NEGLIGENT OR INTENTIONAL INFLICTION OF EMOTIONAL DISTRESS NEGLIGENT OR INTENTIONAL MISREPRESENTATION NEGLIGENT OR INTENTIONAL INTERFERENCE WITH CONTRACT OR PROSPECTIVE ECONOMIC ADVANTAGE AND DEFAMATION. 
 
 (ii) ANY AND ALL CLAIMS FOR VIOLATION OF ANY FEDERAL, STATE OR MUNICIPAL STATUTE, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, TITLE VII OF THE CIVIL RIGHTS ACT OF 1964, THE CIVIL RIGHTS ACT OF 1991, THE AGE DISCRIMINATION IN EMPLOYMENT ACT OF 1967, THE AMERICANS WITH DISABILITIES ACT OF 1990, THE FAIR LABOR STANDARDS ACT, THE CALIFORNIA FAIR EMPLOYMENT AND HOUSING ACT, AND LABOR CODE SECTION 201, et seq. 
 
 (iii) ANY AND ALL CLAIMS ARISING OUT OF ANY OTHER LAWS AND REGULATIONS RELATING TO EMPLOYMENT OR EMPLOYMENT DISCRIMINATION. 
 
 14. Miscellaneous Provisions. 
 
 (a) Waiver . No provision of this Plan may be modified, waived or discharged unless the modification, waiver or discharge is agreed to in writing and signed by the Employee and by an authorized officer of the Company other than the Employee. No waiver by either party of any breach of, or of compliance with, any condition or provision of this Plan by the other party shall be considered a waiver of any other condition or provision or of the same condition or provision at another time. 
 
 (b) Entire Agreement . This Plan represents the entire agreement and understanding between the parties as to the subject matter herein and supersedes all prior or contemporaneous agreements, whether written or oral, concerning such subject matter, including the Company s employment offer letter to the Employee, any equity agreement by and between the Company and the Employee and any other agreement that specifically relates to accelerated vesting of any Stock Award. 
 
 (c) Choice of Law . The validity, interpretation, construction and performance of this Plan shall be governed by the internal substantive laws, but not the conflicts of law rules, of the State of California. 
 
 (d) Severability . The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision or provisions of this Plan shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision hereof, which shall remain in full force and effect. 
 
 (e) Withholding Taxes . All payments made pursuant to this Plan shall be subject to withholding of applicable income and employment taxes. 
 
 (f) Counterparts . This Plan may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together will constitute one and the same instrument. 
 
 remainder of this page intentionally left blank 

8 

EXHIBIT A 
 TO EXECUTIVE SEVERANCE PLAN 
 
 Participation Agreement 
 
 This Participation Agreement (the Participation Agreement with respect to participation in the Amyris, Inc. Executive Severance Plan (the Plan is made as of __________ , 20 __ by and between Amyris, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), and ______ (the Employee ). Capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Plan. 
 
 WHEREAS, the Company has selected the Employee to participate in the Plan on the terms and conditions set forth herein, subject to the Employee s agreement to the terms and conditions of the Plan. 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual promises made herein, the parties hereby agree as follows. 
 
 1. Benefits Continuation Period and Cash Severance Payments . The Benefits Continuation Period in Section 5(a)(ii) of the Plan shall be for a period of twelve (12) months. The Benefits Continuation Period in Section 6(a)(ii) of the Plan shall be for a period of eighteen (18) months. The Cash Severance Payments in Section 5(a)(i) of the Plan shall be eighteen (18) 1 months of base salary twelve (12) 2 months of base salary . The Cash Severance Payments in Section 6(a)(i) of the Plan shall be twenty-four (24) 1 months of base salary eighteen (18) 2 months of base salary . The benefits set forth in the Plan will be payable only if all conditions set forth in the Plan are satisfied. 
 
 2. Waiver of Other Severance and Benefits . By signing below, the Employee agrees to waive any rights the Employee may have in connection with any change of control or severance benefits that may be contained in the Company s employment offer letter to the Employee, any equity agreement by and between the Company and the Employee and any other agreement that specifically relates to accelerated vesting of any Stock Award. 
 
 3. Conditions to Benefits . In addition to the Plan conditions to receiving the benefits set forth in the Plan, the Employee acknowledges and agrees that such benefits will be contingent on the Employee having signed and not revoked a Proprietary Information and Inventions Agreement and Mutual Agreement to Binding Arbitration in the standard forms prescribed by the Company for its employees. 
 
 3. Entire Agreement . This Participation Agreement and the Plan constitute the entire agreement between the Employee and the Company with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede all prior agreements, written or oral. 
 
 4. Employment Relationship . Neither the Plan nor this Participation Agreement has any effect on the nature of the Employee s at-will employment. 
 
 remainder of this page intentionally left blank 

1 Tier 1 (CEO). 
 2 Tier 2 (CEO s direct reports). 
 1 Tier 1 (CEO). 
 2 Tier 2 (CEO s direct reports). 
 1 

Amyris, inc. 
 
 By 
 
 Title 

Employee 
 
 Signature 

Printed Name 

Signature page to Participation Agreement 
 2 

EXHIBIT B 
 TO EXECUTIVE SEVERANCE PLAN 
 
 Release 
 
 In consideration of the severance benefits (the Severance Benefits offered to me by Amyris, 
 Inc. (the Employer pursuant to my Agreement with Employer dated , 20 (the 
 Agreement and in connection with the termination of my employment, I agree to the following general release (the Release ). 
 
 On behalf of myself, my heirs, executors, administrators, successors, and assigns, I hereby fully and forever generally release and discharge Employer, its current, former and future parents, subsidiaries, affiliated companies, related entities, employee benefit plans, and their fiduciaries, predecessors, successors, officers, directors, shareholders, agents, employees and assigns (collectively, the Company from any and all claims, causes of action, and liabilities up through the date of my execution of the Release. The claims subject to this release include, but are not limited to, those relating to my employment with Employer and or any predecessor or successor to Employer and the termination of such employment. All such claims (including related attorneys fees and costs) are barred without regard to whether those claims are based on any alleged breach of a duty arising in statute, contract, or tort. This expressly includes waiver and release of any rights and claims arising under any and all laws, rules, regulations, and ordinances, including, but not limited to Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 the Older Workers Benefit Protection Act the Americans With Disabilities Act the Age Discrimination in Employment Act the Fair Labor Standards Act the National Labor Relations Act the Family and Medical Leave Act the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended ERISA the Workers Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act the California Fair Employment and Housing Act (if applicable) the provisions of the California Labor Code (if applicable) the Equal Pay Act of 1963 and any similar law of any other state or governmental entity. The parties agree to apply California law in interpreting the Release. Accordingly, I further waive any rights under Section 1542 of the Civil Code of the State of California or any similar state statute. Section 1542 states A general release does not extend to claims which the creditor does not know or suspect to exist in his favor at the time of executing the release, which, if known to him, must have materially affected his settlement with the debtor . 
 
 This Release does not extend to, and has no effect upon, any benefits that have accrued, and to which I have become vested, under any employee benefit plan within the meaning of ERISA sponsored by the Company. 
 
 In understanding the terms of the Release and my rights, I have been advised to consult with an attorney of my choice prior to executing the Release. I understand that nothing in this Release is intended to constitute an unlawful release or waiver of any of my rights under any laws and or to prevent, impede, or interfere with my ability and or rights, if any (a) under applicable workers compensation laws (b) to seek unemployment benefits (c) to file a charge or complaint with a government agency such as but not limited to the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, the National Labor Relations Board, or any applicable state agency 
 (g) provide truthful testimony if under subpoena to do so, (e) file a claim with any state or federal agency or to participate or cooperate in such a matter, and or (f) to challenge the validity of this release. Furthermore, notwithstanding any provisions and covenants herein, the Release shall not waive (a) any rights to indemnification I may have as an officer of Employer or otherwise in connection with my employment with Employer, under Employer s bylaws or other governing instruments or any agreement addressing such subject matter between Employer and me 

(including any fiduciary insurance policy maintained by Employer under which I am covered) or under any merger or acquisition agreement addressing such subject matter, (b) any obligations owed to me pursuant to the Agreement, (c) my rights of insurance under any liability policy covering Employer s officers (in addition to the rights under subsection (a) above), or (d) any accrued but unpaid wages any reimbursement for business expenses pursuant to Employer s policies for such reimbursements, any outstanding claims for benefits or payments under any benefit plans of Employer or subsidiaries, any accrued but unused vacation, any ongoing agreements evidencing outstanding equity awards granted to me, any obligations owed to me pursuant to the terms of outstanding written agreements between myself and Employer and any claims I may not release as a matter of law, including indemnification claims under applicable law. To the fullest extent permitted by law, any dispute regarding the scope of this general release shall be resolved through binding arbitration as set forth below, and the arbitration provision set forth in the Agreement. 
 
 I understand and agree that Employer will not provide me with the Severance Benefits unless I execute the Release. I also understand that I have received or will receive, regardless of the execution of the Release, all wages owed to me together with any accrued but unused vacation pay, less applicable withholdings and deductions, earned through my termination date. 
 
 As part of my existing and continuing obligations to Employer, I have returned to Employer all documents (and all copies thereof) and other property belonging to Employer that I have had in my possession at any time, including but not limited to files, notes, drawings, records, business plans and forecasts, financial information, specification, computer-recorded information, tangible property (including, but not limited to, computers, laptops, pagers, etc.), credit cards, entry cards, identification badges and keys and any materials of any kind which contain or embody any proprietary or confidential information of Employer (and all reproductions thereof). I understand that, even if I did not sign the Release, I am still bound by any and all confidential proprietary trade secret information, non-disclosure and inventions assignment agreement(s) signed by me in connection with my employment with Employer, or with a predecessor or successor of Employer, pursuant to the terms of such agreement(s). 
 
 I represent and warrant that I am the sole owner of all claims relating to my employment with Employer and or with any predecessor of Employer, and that I have not assigned or transferred any claims relating to my employment to any other person or entity. 
 
 I agree to keep the Severance Benefits and the provisions of this Release confidential and not to reveal their contents to anyone except my lawyer, my spouse or other immediate family member, and or my financial consultant, or as required by legal process or applicable law. 
 
 I understand and agree that the Release shall not be construed at any time as an admission of liability or wrongdoing by either the Company or me. 
 
 I agree that I will not make any negative or disparaging statements or comments, either as fact or as opinion, about the Company, its employees, officers, directors, shareholders, vendors, products or services, business, technologies, market position or performance. Nothing in this paragraph shall prohibit me from providing truthful information in response to a subpoena or other legal process. 
 
 Any controversy or any claim arising out of or relating to the interpretation, enforceability or breach of the Release shall be settled by arbitration in accordance with the 

arbitration provision of the Agreement. If for any reason the arbitration procedure set forth in the Agreement is unavailable, I agree to arbitration under the employment arbitration rules of the American Arbitration Association or any successor hereto. The parties further agree that the arbitrator shall not be empowered to add to, subtract from, or modify, alter or amend the terms of the Release. Any applicable arbitration rules or policies shall be interpreted in a manner so as to ensure their enforceability under applicable state or federal law. 
 
 I agree that I have had at least seven (7) twenty-one (21) forty-five (45) calendar days in which to consider whether to execute the Release, no one hurried me into executing the Release during that period, and no one coerced me into executing the Release. I understand that the offer of the Severance Benefits and the Release shall expire on the eighth (8 th twenty-second (22 nd forty-sixth (46 th calendar day after my employment termination date if I have not accepted it by that time. I further understand that Employer s obligations under the Release shall not become effective or enforceable until the eighth (8 th calendar day after the date I sign the Release provided that I have timely delivered it to Employer (the Effective Date and that in the seven (7) day period following the date I deliver a signed copy of the Release to Employer I understand that I may revoke my acceptance of the Release. I understand that the Severance Benefits will become available to me after the Effective Date. 
 
 In executing the Release, I acknowledge that I have not relied upon any statement made by Employer, or any of its representatives or employees, with regard to the Release unless the representation is specifically included herein. Furthermore, the Release and the Agreement contain our entire understanding regarding eligibility for and the payment of severance benefits and supersedes any or all prior representations and agreements regarding the subject matter. Once effective and enforceable, this agreement can only be changed by another written agreement signed by me and an authorized representative of Employer. 
 
 Should any provision of the Release be determined by an arbitrator, court of competent jurisdiction, or government agency to be wholly or partially invalid or unenforceable, the legality, validity and enforceability of the remaining parts, terms, or provisions are intended to remain in full force and effect. Specifically, should a court, arbitrator, or agency conclude that a particular claim may not be released as a matter of law, it is the intention of the parties that the general release and the waiver of unknown claims above shall otherwise remain effective to release any and all other claims. I acknowledge that I have obtained sufficient information to intelligently exercise my own judgment regarding the terms of the Release before executing the Release. 
 
 Signature Page to General Release Agreement Follow 

EXECUTIVE S ACCEPTANCE OF RELEASE 
 
 BEFORE SIGNING MY NAME TO THE RELEASE, I STATE THE FOLLOWING I HAVE READ THE RELEASE, I UNDERSTAND IT AND I KNOW THAT I AM GIVING UP IMPORTANT RIGHTS. I HAVE OBTAINED SUFFICIENT INFORMATION TO INTELLIGENTLY EXERCISE MY OWN JUDGMENT. I HAVE BEEN ADVISED THAT I SHOULD CONSULT WITH AN ATTORNEY BEFORE SIGNING IT, AND I HAVE SIGNED THE RELEASE KNOWINGLY AND VOLUNTARILY. 
 
 Date delivered to employee , 20 
 
 Deadline for returning release , 20 at least 
 7 21 45 days after delivery of severance letter by company (DO NOT RETURN RELEASE BEFORE , 20 
 Executed this day of , . 

Signature 
 
 Name (Please Print) 

Signature Page to General Release Agreement 

</EX-10.66>

<EX-21.01>
 3
 exhibit211202210-kexhibit.htm
 EX-21.01

Document 
 
 Exhibit 21.01 

SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT 
 
 Subsidiaries State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or 
 Organization 
 Amyris Biotecnologia do Brasil Ltda. Brazil Amyris Clean Beauty LATAM Ltda. Brazil Amyris Fermentacao de Performance Ltda. Brazil Amyris Purificacao de Performance do Brasil Ltda. Brazil Interfaces Industria e Comercio de Cosmeticos Ltda. Brazil AB Technologies LLC Delaware Accessbio LLC Delaware Amyris Clean Beauty, Inc. Delaware Amyris Eco-Fab LLC Delaware Amyris Fuels, LLC Delaware Amyris Realsweet, LLC Delaware Amyris-Olika LLC Delaware Aprinnova, LLC Delaware Clean Beauty Collaborative, Inc. Delaware Eco-Fab LLC Delaware DIPA Co., LLC Delaware Onda Beauty Inc. Delaware Upland1, LLC Delaware Amyris Bio Products Portugal, Unipessoal, Ltda. Portugal Amyris Europe Trading B.V. Netherlands Amyris UK Trading Limited United Kingdom Beauty Labs International Limited United Kingdom MG Empower Limited United Kingdom 

</EX-21.01>

<EX-23.01>
 4
 mgoamyris2022consentdated3.htm
 EX-23.01

Document 

Exhibit 23.01 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Amyris, Inc. 
 We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-1 (Nos. 333-234661, 333-238188, and 333-239823), on Form S-3ASR (No. 333-255105), and on Form S-8 (Nos. 333-258319, 333-169715, 333 172514, 333-180006, 333-187598, 333-188711, 333-195259, 333-203213, 333-210569, 333-217345, 333-224316, 333-225848, 333-234135, 333-239820, 333-258319 and 333-266709) of Amyris, Inc. and Subsidiaries (the Company) of our report dated March 16, 2023, relating to the Company s consolidated financial statements as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, which report appears in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Amyris, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 s Macias Gini & O'Connell LLP 
 San Jose, California 
 March 16, 2023 

Macias Gini & O Connell LLP 
 60 South Market Street, Suite 1500 www.mgocpa.com 
 San Jose, CA 95113 

</EX-23.01>

<EX-31.01>
 5
 exhibit3112022.htm
 EX-31.01

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.01 
 CERTIFICATION OF PERIODIC REPORT UNDER SECTION 302 OF 
 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, John G. Melo, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Amyris, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 s John G. Melo 
 John G. Melo 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 
 March 16, 2023 
 
 1 

</EX-31.01>

<EX-31.02>
 6
 exhibit3122022.htm
 EX-31.02

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.02 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF PERIODIC REPORT UNDER SECTION 302 OF 
 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Han Kieftenbeld, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Amyris, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 s Han Kieftenbeld 
 Han Kieftenbeld 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 March 16, 2023 

</EX-31.02>

<EX-32.01>
 7
 exhibit3212022.htm
 EX-32.01

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.01 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 
 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, John G. Melo, President and Chief Executive Officer of Amyris, Inc. (Company), do hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge 
 the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022 (Report) fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company for the periods presented therein. 
 
 s John G. Melo 
 John G. Melo 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 
 March 16, 2023 

</EX-32.01>

<EX-32.02>
 8
 exhibit3222022.htm
 EX-32.02

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.02 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 
 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Han Kieftenbeld, Chief Financial Officer of Amyris, Inc. (Company), do hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge 
 the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022 (Report) fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company for the periods presented therein. 
 
 s Han Kieftenbeld 
 Han Kieftenbeld 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 March 16, 2023 
 1 

</EX-32.02>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 amrs-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 amrs-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 amrs-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 amrs-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 amrs-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

