<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230301_10-K_edgar_data_1831097_0000950170-23-005541.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>21160282</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>496274</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2499477</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>10288053</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2754470</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>4627059</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000950170-23-005541.hdr.sgml : 20230301
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230301161652
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950170-23-005541
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		128
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230301
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230301

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			agilon health, inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001831097
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-MISC HEALTH & ALLIED SERVICES, NEC [8090]
		IRS NUMBER:				371915147
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40332
		FILM NUMBER:		23693731

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6210 E HWY 290
		STREET 2:		SUITE 450
		CITY:			AUSTIN
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			78723
		BUSINESS PHONE:		562-256-3800

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6210 E HWY 290
		STREET 2:		SUITE 450
		CITY:			AUSTIN
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			78723

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Agilon Health Topco, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20201103

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000950170-23-005541.txt : 20230301

10-K
 1
 agl-20221231.htm
 10-K

10-K 

Table of Contents 
 
 UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934. 

For the fiscal year ended 
 or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from to 
 Commission file number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, , 
 
 (Zip Code) 

(Address of principal executive offices) 

Registrant s telephone number, including area code 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 Trading symbol(s) 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant; (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer , smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Accelerated filer 
 Non-accelerated filer 
 Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C.7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive o cers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Act.) Yes No 
 State the aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold, or the average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter: billion. 
 As of February 24, 2023, there were shares of common stock outstanding. 

Table of Contents 
 agilon health, inc. 
 Form 10-K 
 For the Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 Table of Contents 

Cautionary Language Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 1 

Part I 
 
 5 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 5 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 24 

Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 55 

Item 2. 
 Properties 
 55 

Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 56 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 56 

Part II 
 
 56 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 56 

Item 6. 
 [ Reserved ] 
 57 

Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 58 

Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 75 

Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 76 

Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 81 

Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 81 

Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 84 

Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 84 

Part III 
 
 85 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 85 

Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 85 

Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 85 

Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 85 

Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 85 

Part IV 
 
 86 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 86 

Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 88 

Signatures 
 89 

Table of Contents 
 All references in this report to agilon, the Company , we, us or our mean agilon health, inc., together with its consolidated subsidiaries. Unless the context suggests otherwise, references to agilon health, inc. mean the parent company without its subsidiaries. 
 Caut ionary Language Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 Statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K (the Report that are not historical factual statements are forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Some of the forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terms such as believes, expects, may, will, shall, should, would, could, seeks, aims, projects, is optimistic, intends, plans, estimates, anticipates or the negative versions of these words or other comparable terms. Forward-looking statements include, without limitation, all matters that are not historical facts. They appear in a number of places throughout this Report and include, without limitation, statements regarding our intentions, beliefs, assumptions or current expectations concerning, among other things, our financial position, results of operations, cash flows, prospects, and growth strategies. 
 Forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties, many of which may be outside our control. We caution you that forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance or outcomes and that actual performance and outcomes, including, without limitation, our actual results of operations, financial condition and liquidity, and the development of the market in which we operate, may differ materially from those made in or suggested by the forward-looking statements contained in this Report. In addition, even if our results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows, and the development of the market in which we operate, are consistent with the forward-looking statements contained in this Report, those results or developments may not be indicative of results or developments in subsequent periods. A number of important factors, including, without limitation, the risks and uncertainties discussed under Item 1A, Risk Factors in this Report, could cause actual results and outcomes to differ materially from those reflected in the forward-looking statements. Furthermore, new risks and uncertainties emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for us to predict all risks and uncertainties that could have an impact on the forward-looking statements contained in this Report. Factors that could cause actual results and outcomes to differ from those reflected in forward-looking statements include, without limitation: 
 our history of net losses, and our ability to achieve or maintain profitability in an environment of increasing expenses; 

our ability to identify and develop successful new geographies, physician partners and health plan payors, and to execute upon our growth initiatives and achieve required operational scale; 

our ability to execute our operating strategies or to achieve results consistent with our historical performance; 

our expectation that our expenses will increase in the future and the risk that medical expenses incurred on behalf of members may exceed the amount of medical revenues we receive; 

our ability to secure contracts with Medicare Advantage MA payors and to ensure such contracts are on financial terms sufficient to meet our financial targets; 

our ability to recover startup costs incurred during the initial stages of development of our physician partner relationships and program initiatives; 

our ability to obtain additional capital needed to support our business; 

significant reductions in our membership; 

challenges for our physician partners in the transition to our Total Care Model 

inaccuracies in the estimates and assumptions we use to project the size, revenue or medical expense amounts of our target market; 

the spread of, and response to, COVID-19, potential new variants of COVID-19 and entirely new pandemics, and the inability to predict the ultimate impact of pandemics on us; 

1 
 
 Table of Contents 
 inaccuracies in the estimates and assumptions we use to project our members risk adjustment factors, medical services expense, incurred but not reported claims, and earnings under payor contracts; 

the impact of restrictive or exclusivity clauses in some of our contracts with physician partners that may prohibit us from establishing new risk-bearing entities (each, an RBE within certain geographies in the future; 

the impact of restrictive or exclusivity clauses in some of our contracts with physician partners that may subject us to investigations or litigation; 

our ability to retain our management team and key employees or attract qualified personnel in the future; 

our ability to realize the full value of our intangible assets and any negative impact from impairment charges we may record; 

security breaches, loss of data and other disruptions to our data platforms could adversely impact us; 

our ability to protect the confidentiality of our know-how and other proprietary and internally developed information; 

our responsibility for certain liabilities in connection with the disposition of our California operations; 

our subsidiaries lack of performance or ability to fund their operations could require us to fund such losses ; 

our dependence on a limited number of key health plan payors; 

our contracts with our payors are for limited terms and may not be renewed upon their expiration; 

our reliance on our health plan payors for membership attribution and assignment, data and reporting accuracy, and claims payment; 

our dependence on physician partners and other providers to effectively manage the quality and cost of care, and perform obligations under payor contracts; 

difficulties in obtaining accurate and complete diagnosis data; 

our dependence on physician partners to accurately, timely and sufficiently document their services and potential regulatory or other liability if any diagnosis information or encounter data are inaccurate or incorrect; 

we rely on third party software and data to operate our business and restrictions on the use of third-party resources could adversely affect us; 

our reliance on third parties for internet infrastructure and bandwidth to operate our business and provide services to our members and physician partners; 

consolidation in our industry could adversely impact us; 

reductions in reimbursement rates or methodology applied to derive reimbursement from, or discontinuation of, federal government healthcare programs, from which we derive substantially all of our total revenue; 

uncertain or adverse economic conditions, including a downturn or decrease in government expenditures; 

our ability to compete in our industry; 

the impact of government performance standards and benchmarks on our compensation and reputation; 

statutory or regulatory changes, administrative rulings, interpretations of policy, and determinations by intermediaries and governmental funding restrictions, and their impact on government funding, program coverage, and reimbursements; 

regulatory proposals directed at containing or lowering the cost of healthcare and our participation in such proposed models; 

we, our physician partners or affiliates being subject to federal or state investigations, audits and enforcement actions; 

2 
 
 Table of Contents 
 regulatory inquiries and corrective action plans imposed by our health plan payors; 

repayment obligations arising out of payor audits; 

the impact on our revenue of Centers for Medicare Medicaid Services CMS modifying the methodology used to determine the revenue associated with MA members; 

negative publicity regarding the managed healthcare industry; 

the extensive regulation of the healthcare industry at the federal, state, and local levels; 

if our physician alignment strategies with our physician partners, including the formation of risk and shared savings pools, making downstream payments and joint venture arrangements, are not in compliance with the state and federal fraud and abuse laws, including physician incentive plan laws and regulations, we could be subject to penalties; 

our business development and member engagement activities may implicate laws and regulations regarding marketing, beneficiary inducements, telemarketing and the use of protected health information; 

our physician partners are subject to federal and state healthcare fraud and abuse regulations; 

our use, disclosure and processing of personally identifiable information, personal health information, and de-identified data is subject to HIPAA and state patient confidentiality laws, and our failure to comply with those regulations or to adequately secure the information we hold could adversely impact us; 

our failure to obtain or maintain an insurance license, a certificate of authority or an equivalent authorization allowing our participation in downstream risk-sharing arrangements with payors could adversely impact us; 

laws regulating the corporate practice of medicine could restrict the manner in which we are permitted to conduct our business, and the failure to comply with such laws, or any changes to such laws or regulations or similar laws or regulations could adversely impact us; 

if we or our physician partners inadvertently employ or contract with an excluded person, we may face government sanctions; 

we may face litigation not covered by insurance; 

our indebtedness and the potential that we may incur additional substantial indebtedness; 

the agreements and instruments governing our indebtedness contain restrictions and limitations that could adversely impact us; 

agilon health is a holding company with no operations of its own, and it depends on its subsidiaries for cash to fund all of its operations and expenses; 

under our Certificate of Incorporation, the CD R Investor and its affiliates and, in some circumstances, each of our directors and officers who is also a director, officer, employee, member or partner of the CD R Investor and its affiliates, have no obligation to offer us corporate opportunities; 

anti-takeover provisions in our certificate of incorporation and by-laws could discourage, delay or prevent a change of control of our company and may affect the trading price of our common stock; 

we do not intend to pay dividends on our common stock for the foreseeable future and, consequently, a shareholder s return on investment depends on appreciation in the price of our common stock; 

we are no longer a controlled company within the meaning of the NYSE rules; however, we expect to continue to rely on exemptions from certain corporate governance requirements during a one-year transition period; 

our certificate of incorporation designates the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware as the sole and exclusive forum for certain litigation that may be initiated by our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers or stockholders; 

3 
 
 Table of Contents 
 we identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting and, if our remedial measures are insufficient to address the material weaknesses, or if significant deficiencies or material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting are discovered or occur in the future, it may adversely affect us; and 

risks related to other factors discussed under Risk Factors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Except as required by law, we do not undertake, and hereby disclaim, any obligation to update any forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date on which they are made. 
 4 
 
 Table of Contents 
 PART I 
 ITEM 1. Business 
 Overview 
 Our business is transforming healthcare by empowering the primary care physicians PCPs to be the agents for change in the communities they serve. We believe that PCPs, with their intimate patient-physician relationships, are best positioned to drive meaningful change in quality, cost and patient experience when provided with the right infrastructure and payment model. Through our combination of the agilon platform, a long-term partnership model with existing physician groups and a growing network of like-minded physicians, we are poised to revolutionize healthcare for seniors across communities throughout the United States. Our purpose-built model provides the necessary capabilities, capital and business model for existing physician groups to create a Medicare-centric, globally capitated line of business. Our model operates by primarily forming RBEs within local geographies, that enter into arrangements with payors providing for monthly payments to manage the total healthcare needs of our physician partners attributed patients (or global capitation arrangements). The RBEs also contract with agilon to perform certain functions and enter into long-term professional service agreements with one or more anchor physician groups pursuant to which the anchor physician groups receive a base compensation rate and share in the savings from successfully improving quality of care and reducing costs. 
 Our company was formed in 2016, and we established our inaugural partnership with an anchor physician group in 2017. Our ability to rapidly build scaled positions in local communities has allowed us to grow to 23 anchor physician groups and 25 geographies in five years. Our platform has enabled us to grow our total membership by 45 and revenue by 48 from December 31, 2021 to December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, the PCPs on our platform serve approximately 269,500 MA members and 89,000 Medicare fee-for-service FFS beneficiaries through eight direct contracting entities DCEs through our participation in the CMS Innovation Center Direct Contracting Model, which our PCPs serve. The Direct Contracting Model was redesigned and renamed the Accountable Care Organization Realizing Equity, Access, and Community Health ACO REACH Model beginning in 2023. 
 For a description of our significant activities during 2022, see Item 7, Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 2022 Results in this Report. 
 Our business model is differentiated by its focus on existing community-based physician groups and is built around three key elements: (1) agilon s platform; (2) agilon s long-term physician partnership approach; and (3) agilon s network. With our model, our goal is to remove the barriers that prevent community-based physicians from evolving to a Total Care Model, where the physician is empowered to manage health outcomes and the total healthcare needs of their attributed Medicare patients. 
 The agilon Platform : The agilon platform is holistic in supporting the rapid transition to a Total Care Model with technology, people, process and capital. Our purpose-built platform comprises an integrated set of capabilities designed to continuously improve. Our platform is delivered to our anchor physician groups through a long-term partnership model to support the adoption and success of a Medicare-centric, globally capitated line of business. 
 agilon s Long-term Physician Partner Model : We built the agilon platform to be deployed through an aligned long-term partnership model with community-based physician groups to move healthcare closer to the physician, be outcome-centric and optimize the long-term sticky relationship between a patient and their existing physician. Through this partnership, our physician partners existing MA patient panels are attributed to our platform through our subscription-like per-member per-month PMPM agreements with payors. The combination of these subscription-like agreements, the sticky patient-physician relationship and our long-term partnership model, which is typically 20 years in duration, results in a growing and recurring revenue stream and provides significant visibility into the near-term and long-term financial trajectory for both agilon and our anchor physician groups. In January of each year, we typically have visibility into greater than 90 of that year s projected revenue. As earnings are generated at the local level due to improvements in quality of care and management of healthcare costs, we share those earnings with our anchor physician groups. 
 5 
 
 Table of Contents 
 agilon s Network : Enhancing the power and growth of the agilon platform is the rapidly expanding group of leading community-based physician partners, functioning as a collaborative group through the agilon network. We believe the power of this network is demonstrated by our ability to add new physician partners and to attract additional PCPs to our physician partners. The ability to share best practices, influence the development of the platform, compare notes on the transition to a Total Care Model and learn from one another represents a valuable opportunity for physicians. We believe the power of a like-minded group of community-based physicians, many of whom are leaders in their community, will enhance innovation, growth, quality of care and patient experience, and ultimately strengthen the power of the independent physician business model in local communities across the country. 
 Summary Risk Factors 
 Our business is subject to a number of risks, including risks that may prevent us from achieving our business objectives or may adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows, and results of operations that you should consider before making a decision to invest in our common stock. These risks include, but are not limited to, the following: 
 Risks Related to Our Business 
 our history of net losses and the expectation that our expenses will increase in the future; 

failure to identify and develop successful new geographies, physician partners and payors, or execute upon our growth initiatives; 

success in executing our operating strategies or achieving results consistent with our historical performance; 

significant reductions in membership; 

challenges for our physician partners in the transition to a Total Care Model; 

inaccuracies in the estimates and assumptions we use to project the size, revenue or medical expense amounts of our target geographies, our members risk adjustment factors, medical services expense, incurred but not reported claims and earnings under payor contracts; 

Risks Related to Our Reliance on Third Parties 
 dependence on a limited number of key payors, including for membership attribution and assignment, data and reporting accuracy and claims payment; 

dependence on physician partners and other providers to effectively manage the quality and cost of care and perform obligations under payor contracts; 

dependence on physician partners to accurately, timely and sufficiently document their services and potential regulatory or other liability if any diagnosis information or encounter data are inaccurate; 

Risks Related to Our Industry and Government Programs 
 reductions in reimbursement rates or methodology applied to derive reimbursement from, or discontinuation of, federal government healthcare programs, from which we drive substantially all of our total revenue; 

statutory or regulatory changes, administrative rulings, interpretations of policy and determinations by intermediaries and governmental funding restrictions, and any impact on government funding, program coverage and reimbursements; 

the impact on our revenue of CMS modifying the methodology used to determine the revenue associated with MA members; 

Legal and Regulatory Risks 
 our ability to comply with federal, state and local regulations and laws, or to adapt to changes in or new regulations or laws; 

6 
 
 Table of Contents 
 our physician partners compliance with federal and state healthcare laws and regulations; 

Risks Related to Our Indebtedness 
 potential to incur additional indebtedness; and 

Risks Related to Our Common Stock 
 we identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting and, if our remedial measures are insufficient to address the material weaknesses, or if significant deficiencies or material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting are discovered or occur in the future, it may adversely affect us. 

These risks are discussed in more detail in Item 1A below. 
 Reimbursement Model and Organization 
 Under a traditional FFS reimbursement model, physicians are paid a fixed amount for services provided during a patient visit, regardless of a patient s medical need or health outcome. As a result, physician reimbursement is solely related to the volume of patient visits and procedures performed, thereby offering limited financial incentive to focus on preventative care and cost containment. Value-based care models offer alternative reimbursement models, which typically incentivize physicians for improving the cost and quality of healthcare provided for an attributed patient population. Various types of value-based care reimbursement models exist, including capitation, bundled payments, or payments for attainment of improved quality metrics or medical cost efficiency. 
 Under our Total Care Model, which is a type of value-based care reimbursement model, we are responsible for managing the medical costs associated with our attributed members. This structure empowers physicians to focus on the improvement of the quality of care provided, and to share in the financial surplus created to the extent premiums received exceed the cost of medical care. Under such a structure, physicians are incentivized to improve the quality and efficiency of care as well as health outcomes for their patients. 
 Physician and Payor Contractual Relationships 
 Physicians 
 Our business model combines the agilon platform, a network of like-minded physicians and a long-term partnership model in order to provide physician groups with the necessary capabilities, capital and business model to create a Medicare-centric, globally capitated line of business. We believe that failing to empower PCPs to drive meaningful change in quality, cost and patient experience has historically fostered waste, unnecessary variability in care and poor patient experience and health outcomes. We seek to partner with leading community-based physician groups under a Total Care Model. We have formed long-term partnerships with diverse leading community-based physician groups in geographies such as Ohio, Connecticut, Michigan, New York, North Carolina, Pennsylvania, and Texas. By providing technology, people, process and capital, we aim to improve the quality and cost of healthcare and drive long-term growth while creating a sustainable business model for our physician partners. 
 Under the Total Care Model, we typically operate by forming RBEs within local geographies. These wholly-owned RBEs enter into risk-bearing, global capitation agreements with payors, contract with agilon to perform certain functions and enter into long-term professional service agreements with one or more partner primary care or multi-specialty physician groups. We refer to these groups as our anchor physician groups. Individual MA members whose care is provided by PCPs employed or affiliated with our anchor physician groups are attributed to the RBE, which bears financial responsibility for the associated medical costs of such members. We have entered into long-term professional services agreements with our anchor physician groups, which typically have a contractual duration of 20 years. In accordance with relevant accounting guidance, each of these RBEs is determined to be a variable interest entity consolidated by agilon, as we have: (i) the ability, through the management services and governance arrangements, to direct the activities (excluding clinical decisions) that most significantly affect the RBE s economic performance; and (ii) the obligation to absorb losses of or the right to receive benefits that could be potentially significant to the RBE. 
 7 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Through incentive compensation arrangements, we share a portion of the RBE s savings from successfully improving the quality of care and reducing costs with our anchor physician groups. Typically, our anchor physician groups receive a FFS base compensation rate for services rendered which is paid directly by health plan payors to our anchor physician groups or, in certain arrangements, paid from the health plan payor to the applicable RBE, who pays the compensation received to our anchor physician groups. In certain cases, our anchor physician groups may be entitled to a guaranteed minimum FFS base compensation rate from the RBE in the event that the FFS base compensation rate paid by the health plan payor does not meet the negotiated base compensation rate as agreed between the RBE and the anchor physician group, or if the FFS base compensation rate paid by the health plan payor falls below what the anchor physician group had received prior to joining our platform. Historically, the base compensation rates paid directly by the health plan payors to our anchor physician groups have met or exceeded applicable guaranteed minimum FFS base compensation rates. This base compensation is initially negotiated with the RBE for the first ten years of each agreement, subject to annual increases based on current market rates and other agreed upon adjustment factors, after which it is subject to renegotiation. Although our RBEs are wholly-owned subsidiaries of agilon, our anchor physician groups participate in each RBE s governance, with individuals designated or nominated by the applicable anchor physician groups having representation on each RBE s board of directors. Most of our contracts with our anchor physician groups contain exclusivity or other provisions intended to promote interconnectedness with our physician partners for applicable lines of business in order to facilitate the longevity and stability of the partnership. Typically, these contracts provide for termination rights that are triggered upon certain events, subject to applicable cure periods, including bankruptcy or insolvency events, exclusion, suspension or debarment from state or federal government programs and the occurrence of government action that can be reasonably expected to negatively influence our business. We have historically issued certain stock-based instruments, which we refer to as partner physician group equity agreements, to our anchor physician groups pursuant to which they are entitled to receive equity of their local RBE or agilon health, respectively, in the future only upon the occurrence of certain events deemed a change of control of the RBE, or a change of control of agilon health, if such event occurs before a change of control of the RBE. Upon our initial public offering, a change of control event occurred for the agilon health related instruments and the respective physician groups received equity. For additional discussion related the agilon health related instruments, see Critical Accounting Estimates Stock-Based Compensation. 
 In addition, in Hawaii we operate under a risk-bearing independent practice association model through which we have broadly contracted with physicians across the state and have developed select deeper primary care relationships within the network. PCPs in our Hawaii network are typically compensated on a FFS basis based on applicable Medicare fee schedules. 
 In addition to our contractual arrangements with our physician partners, we also maintain relationships with other providers who care for our members, including hospitals, specialists and ancillary providers. Such providers typically contract directly with payors. We and our physician partners maintain effective working relationships with the majority of the higher-volume providers in our geographies in order to retain insight into the provision of care to our members and ensure care is rendered effectively and in a manner which supports the achievement of appropriate clinical outcomes. 
 Health Plan Payors 
 We enter into contractual agreements with health plan payors in each of our geographies, under which we are financially responsible for our physician partners provision of a defined spectrum of healthcare services to our members, in exchange for a defined PMPM fee for each of our members (which is also referred to as global capitation ). The healthcare services for which we are responsible under such arrangements generally include all healthcare costs which CMS considers as Part A and B costs, including hospitalization and facility costs, primary and specialty care provider costs, and ancillary services costs. In certain of our payor arrangements, we are also financially responsible for Part D pharmaceutical costs for prescriptions rendered to our members. Through these payor agreements, we help to create access for our physician partners to value-based care reimbursement structures through our Total Care Model, which allow our physician partners to focus on the improvement of the quality of care provided to their patients, and to share in the financial surplus created to the extent premiums received exceed the cost of medical care. 
 8 
 
 Table of Contents 
 The global capitation fees we are entitled to receive from our health plan payor contracts are typically based on a defined percentage of the corresponding monthly premium payments which the payor receives from CMS for members attributed to our PCPs and covered under such contracts. The premium payments to payors are based on county-level benchmark rates established by CMS and payors annual bid of amounts necessary to cover the cost of a standard MA patient, and are influenced by several factors, including, but not limited to, the applicable MA plan s STAR rating and CMS risk-adjustment model, which compensates payors based on the health status (acuity) of each individual patient in the preceding calendar year. For agreements where we are delegated for claims payment, we utilize amounts received under the applicable agreement on a monthly basis to pay such claims for medical services rendered to our members. For agreements where the payor retains responsibility for paying claims on our behalf, as is the case today in the majority of our payor agreements, funding under the applicable agreement is utilized by the payor to pay such claims, and we receive surplus distributions on a monthly or quarterly basis. In these arrangements, the payor maintains the responsibility for entering into contractual agreements with network hospitals, network specialty physicians, and ancillary or other providers. Additionally, certain of our contracts with payors incorporate provisions in which we are eligible to earn additional payments on top of our capitation payments based upon the attainment of defined quality performance criteria correlated to applicable STAR ratings criteria. Premiums received may be subject to future adjustment. 
 We have developed local contracts across multiple payors, along with national form contracts with certain key payors, which provide a consistency of non-financial contract terms, data sharing, operational processes and governance structures and support portability of the agilon platform. We typically maintain various contracts with a single national payor in order to reflect varying economic terms across our geographies, and to provide for distinct subsidiary entities of our company and a national payor as parties to these contracts. As of January 1, 2023, we have relationships with 23 health plan payors across 25 geographies. Payors with which we contract include large national health plans as well as smaller local and regional insurers. We believe our ability to offer multiple MA plans and products to our physician partners in each geography creates significant value for our physician partners and the members that they serve. Members are able to select the plan and benefit design that meets their individual needs while our platform enables a seamless experience regardless of plan or product for all patients and physician groups. 
 The agreements with our payors outline the range of healthcare services for which we are financially responsible and at risk, the services for which we are contracted to perform on the payor s behalf and the key financial terms. Our contracts with payors generally have terms of one to three years and are typically renewed for one-year periods unless terminated in accordance with the terms of such agreements. When we enter into a new payor contract, we are typically required by the payor to contribute risk-bearing capital to the local operating subsidiary. This typically takes the form of letters of credit or restricted deposits, or the payor may retain a percentage of the capitation payments due under the applicable contract. Risk-bearing capital required by payors varies by payor and geography, but typically averages between 1.0-3.0 of projected annual gross revenue attributable to the corresponding agreement. 
 Our payor agreements also typically incorporate various termination rights, which are negotiated based on the scope of the market-facing solutions that the payor has adopted and the duration of the contract. Most of our contracts include cure periods during which time we may attempt to resolve any issues that would trigger a payor s ability to terminate the contract. However, certain of our contracts are also terminable immediately upon the occurrence of certain events. For example, some of our contracts may be terminated immediately by the payor if we lose applicable licenses, go bankrupt, lose our liability insurance or receive an exclusion, suspension or debarment from state or federal government authorities. 
 The contracts with our payors impose other obligations on us. For example, we typically agree that all services provided under our contract and all employees providing such services will comply with such payor s policies and procedures. We also typically agree to indemnify our payors against certain third-party claims. 
 9 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Direct Contracting Model (ACO REACH beginning 2023) 
 During 2021 and 2022, agilon, in conjunction with some of our physician partners, participated in the Direct Contracting Model (referred to as the Global and Professional Direct Contracting GPDC Model) in certain geographies, through eight approved DCEs. The Direct Contracting Model was a voluntary payment model option aimed at reducing expenditures and preserving or enhancing quality of care for beneficiaries in traditional Medicare FFS established by the CMS Innovation Center. 
 Under the Direct Contracting Model, CMS contracted directly with each of the DCEs pursuant to participation agreements, in which such DCE selects risk-sharing and fee payment options. The participation agreements included various terms and conditions each DCE must comply with, including meeting certain operational requirements. Each of the DCEs selected the Global risk-sharing option, in which the DCE assumed accountability for the total cost of care of the FFS beneficiaries aligned to such DCEs. In addition, each of our DCEs had selected the Primary Care Capitation Payment (the PCC option. The participation agreements between our DCEs and CMS expire two years after the Model Performance Period established by CMS, which lasts from April 1, 2021 through December 31, 2026. The DCE may terminate its participation agreement with CMS at any time upon advance written notice. CMS has certain additional termination rights, including in connection with the termination of the Direct Contracting Model or non-compliance of the DCE. Additionally, CMS has the right to amend a participation agreement without the consent of the DCE for good cause, or as necessary to comply with applicable federal or state law, regulatory requirements, accreditation standards or licensing guidelines or rules. 
 In addition, the DCEs operate in partnership pursuant to participating medical group agreements with one or more of our physician partners in certain geographies. Our contracted physician partners provide Medicare services to their aligned beneficiaries, and bill CMS on a FFS basis for such services. In turn, in accordance with the PCC option, CMS compensates each physician partner for a portion of their billed services based on the applicable rate, and the remaining portion is paid to each DCE on a per Medicare beneficiary per month PBPM basis based on a prospective estimate of such remaining portion of billed services. By 2025, CMS will no longer pay any portion to such physician partner based on FFS compensation rates, and will transition to compensating physician partners through their applicable DCE on a PBPM basis. Each DCE then remits payment out of the PBPM payments from CMS to its contracted physician partners on a monthly or quarterly basis pursuant to the applicable participating medical group agreement, which agreement also includes incentive compensation tied to the DCE s net profits received for aligned beneficiaries. In addition, certain participating medical group agreements also allow the relevant physician partner to choose an adjustment to the applicable incentive compensation to receive a portion of such compensation in equity of agilon. Our DCEs participating medical group agreements provide for mutual indemnification rights, and have an initial term through December 31, 2026, unless earlier terminated. 
 The ACO REACH model, which formally launched on January 1, 2023, is largely the same as its predecessor model, GPDC, with the following minor differences: (i) all ACOs are required to develop and implement a robust health equity plan to identify and better serve underserved communities; (ii) 75 control of each ACO's governing body must be held by participating providers or their designated representatives (compared to 25 during the first two performance years of the GPDC model); and (iii) each ACO must have at least two beneficiary representatives on its governing board (at least one Medicare beneficiary and at least one consumer advocate), both of whom must hold voting rights. agilon has implemented these changes for the 2023 performance year with minimal disruption. In addition, the CMS Innovation Center announced that ACO REACH would include technical adjustments to the model s parameters, including changes to benchmark calculations. The overall effect of these changes on our ACO s benchmarks has been minimal. 
 10 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Marketing and Distribution 
 In accordance with Medicare marketing guidelines, health plan payors are responsible for marketing directly to patients. Our focus is on outreach to existing community-based physician groups to join our platform, establishing and maintaining our local branding and strategies to support education for our Medicare-eligible members in evaluating their Medicare options. 
 Through our long-term partnership model, we partner with leading community-based physician groups in our existing geographies and aim to expand our geographic reach by partnering with community-based physician groups in new geographies, across the United States. Our growth strategy is supported by a dedicated business development team that works closely with physician groups, senior management and key stakeholders to identify potential physician groups to partner with and integrate onto our platform and into our network. Additionally, we believe our network of like-minded physician partners also attracts new physicians to join, as access to cross-market know-how and best practices encourages success in a Total Care Model. 
 Our enterprise marketing team develops branding strategies and identities in our geographies and supports the development of communication and branding materials to support the local growth of our physician partners and their Medicare patient population. This begins with our entry into a new geography. We create a local brand that embodies the value of the Total Care Model for patients as well as the history and culture of our physician partner. Each geography has its own customized brand, which includes Senior Care Advantage as part of the naming convention to help reinforce the value of our national network to payors, policy makers and other industry constituents. To empower patients to make informed decisions about their coverage options, educational opportunities and materials are offered throughout the year, including educational physician presentations, monthly Medicare 101 sessions across every geography, on-line resources, in-office materials that explain the difference between traditional Medicare and MA, and patient communications that highlight Medicare election coverage windows. 
 Competition 
 The healthcare industry is highly competitive and fragmented. We currently face competition in every aspect of our business, including in offering a favorable reimbursement structure for existing physician partners and attracting health plan payors and physician partners who are not contracted with us, from a range of companies that provide care under a variety of models that could attract patients, providers and payors. Our primary competitors include ChenMed, Oak Street Health, Optum and VillageMD, in addition to numerous local provider networks, hospitals and health systems. Moreover, large, well-financed payors have in some cases developed their own managed services tools and may provide these services to their physicians and patients at discounted prices, or may seek to expand their relationships with additional competing physicians or physician networks. Other organizations may also seek to apply specialized services or programs, including providing data analytics or disease-based programs, designed to enable physicians or payors to operate successfully under value-based care arrangements. Although some of our competitors utilize elements of our MA multi-payor, globally capitated risk model deployed with community-based physician groups, including in certain of the geographies we serve, we do not believe any of our competitors offer a model that captures all elements of the agilon model. Our competitors typically vary by geography, and we may also encounter competition in the future from other new entrants. Our growth strategy and our business could be adversely affected if we are not able to continue to access existing geographies, successfully expand into new geographies or maintain or establish new relationships with payors and physician partners. 
 The principal competitive factors in our business include the nature and caliber of relationships with physicians; patient healthcare quality, outcomes and cost; the strength of relationships with payors; the quality of the physician experience; local geography leadership position; and the strength of the underlying economic model. We believe our first-of-its-kind platform, partnership and network model enables us to compete favorably. 
 11 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Intellectual Property 
 We rely on a combination of trademark laws in the U.S. as well as confidentiality procedures and contractual provisions to protect our trade secrets, including proprietary technology, databases and our brand. 
 We have registered agilon and our logo as trademarks in the U.S. We also have filed other trademark applications that are meaningful to our business in the U.S. across various states and local jurisdictions, including for the use of the local brand created within each of our geographies, and will pursue additional trademark registrations to the extent we believe it would be beneficial and cost-effective. 
 We are the registered holder of a variety of domain names that include agilon and similar variations. 
 We have developed proprietary technology and processes that support our operational programs and clinical insights, including our CORE technology platform and HCC Manager risk adjustment software application, both of which are proprietary systems that aid in the aggregation and analysis of third-party data we collect. Our internally developed technology is continuously refined to support the needs of our platform and partners. Although we do not currently hold a patent for CORE or HCC Manager, we continually assess the most appropriate methods of protecting our intellectual property and may decide to pursue available protections in the future. 
 We maintain our intellectual property and confidential business information in a number of ways. For instance, we have a policy of requiring all employees and consultants to execute confidentiality agreements upon the commencement of an employment or consulting relationship with us. Our employee agreements also require relevant employees to assign to us all rights to any inventions made or conceived during their employment with us in accordance with applicable law. In addition, we have a policy of requiring individuals and entities with which we discuss potential business relationships to sign non-disclosure agreements. Lastly, our agreements with customers include confidentiality and non-disclosure provisions. 
 We may be unable to obtain, maintain and enforce our intellectual property rights, and assertions by third parties that we violate their intellectual property rights could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Human Capital 
 Overview 
 People join agilon because of our vision: To transform the future of healthcare in communities across the country by empowering exceptional patient-physician relationships. Together with our employees and physician partners, we have defined our company values and commitments to guide our everyday actions in executing our mission: 
 Partnership and Collaboration: We are One Team. We collaborate deeply. We embrace diversity. Together with our physician partners, we empower the care that our families and friends deserve. 

Innovation: We rapidly adapt to our changing world and embrace the creativity of our physician partners and each other. 

Quality and Service Excellence: We value results, not activity. We serve others with passion and humility. 

Continuous Improvement: We are agile and move fast. We actively seek out and share feedback. We learn and improve every day. 

Expertise: We are curious. We aspire to be experts and share our knowledge. 

Accountability and Integrity: We celebrate our successes. We take ownership in everything we do. 

Our human capital efforts are supported by our dedicated human resources team. This team supports the business in identifying and recruiting top talent, supporting the onboarding and orientation of new hires through a comprehensive new employee orientation, a manager s toolkit and resources to support onboarding, goal setting, and in-year management, as well as a comprehensive semi-annual review process that ties to our company values and supports continuous learning and improvement. Our efforts to promote a positive employee experience and build 
 12 
 
 Table of Contents 
 culture are further supported and enhanced by local and national in-person and virtual events, including town halls, in-office celebrations, employee activity committees and most-valuable-player awards, meant to champion our employees and create a sense of community. We conduct annual employee engagement surveys to solicit feedback and help guide annual planning on efforts and initiatives to support our team members. We have also developed a taskforce that seeks to drive focused and targeted diversity and inclusion efforts, including employee focus groups and participation up and down the organization to ensure all voices are heard. 
 Total Rewards 
 We recognize how vital our employees are to our success and strive to offer comprehensive and competitive compensation and benefits to meet the varying needs of our colleagues and their families. The benefits and programs include annual and long-term incentives, a 401(k) plan, health and welfare insurance benefits, paid time off, flexible work schedules, and family leave, among many others, depending on eligibility. 
 Diversity, Equity Inclusion DE I 
 We believe a great workplace fosters an environment where all employees can thrive and grow, and where differences are both encouraged and celebrated. We aim to attract, develop, retain and support a diverse workforce that reflects the many members, physician partners, and communities we serve. Under our DE I Taskforce, we collaborate with our employees to develop and promote an internal diversity, equity and inclusion strategy that aims to foster a culture of inclusion. Our DE I programs include development programs for high-potential female leaders (expanding opportunity to all under-represented groups), an unconscious bias curriculum, and DE I training for our workforce. 
 Training and Development 
 We prioritize and invest in creating opportunities to help employees grow and build their careers through a multitude of training and development programs. Our training and development program promotes the importance of compliance across our business. Our employees demonstrate this commitment through our annual Code of Conduct training. We also provide training and development to all employees, focusing on career development, and professional development, including online courses designed to strengthen technical and hard-skills and enhance leadership development. We support career coaching, mentorship and accelerated leadership development programs to ensure mobility and advancement for our employees. Our employees are also encouraged to participate in mentoring programs with people of various backgrounds and cultures. We view mentoring as an essential development tool for sharing skills and knowledge so we can all succeed. Our commitment to mentoring feeds the successful future of our company. 
 Health Safety 
 The health, safety, and wellness of our employees are vital to our success. We have a strong commitment to providing a safe working environment. From the outset of the COVID-19 pandemic, we took a comprehensive approach to managing occupational health and safety challenges presented by the pandemic, including implementing facial covering requirements for our workplaces, providing sick leave, and implementing additional protocols in accordance with applicable Occupational Safety and Health Administration OSHA requirements and guidance and Centers for Disease Control and Prevention CDC guidelines for workplaces. In 2020, we quickly and effectively transitioned a significant subset of our employees to a fully remote work environment in an effort to mitigate the spread of COVID-19. To date, our employees have continued to support our partners with the highest level of service from their home offices without a disruption in our business operations. We have taken this opportunity to maintain a fully remote work environment for the vast majority of our employees as part of our culture. 
 As of December 31, 2022, agilon and its subsidiaries had 747 employees, substantially all were full-time. None of our employees are members of a labor union, and we have not experienced a work stoppage. Our employees do not include our physician partners, whom we do not directly employ. We believe we enjoy a good working relationship with our employees. 
 13 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Healthcare and Other Applicable Regulatory Matters 
 The healthcare industry is highly regulated under both state and federal laws and regulations. Our operations and relationships with healthcare plans and providers are subject to extensive and increasing regulation by numerous federal, state, and local government agencies including the Office of Inspector General OIG ), the Department of Justice DOJ ), the CMS, the Office of Civil Rights, and various state authorities. 
 Corporate Practice of Medicine 
 Some states in which we operate have laws prohibiting the corporate practice of medicine; such laws generally prohibit business entities with non-physician owners, such as agilon and certain of its subsidiaries, from practicing medicine. States that have corporate practice of medicine laws limit the practice of medicine to licensed individuals or professional organizations comprising licensed individuals; therefore, non-medical professional entities are prohibited from employing or contracting with physicians (unless the entity satisfies a limited exception), exercising control over medical decisions, or engaging in certain arrangements with other physicians, such as fee-splitting. These laws vary widely from state to state and change frequently based on new case law, opinions from state attorneys general and regulations promulgated by medical boards. A majority of states have adopted express corporate practice of medicine prohibitions, and several states that have not explicitly adopted the doctrine have, nonetheless, established regulations that echo its principles. A violation of the corporate practice of medicine prohibition constitutes the unlawful practice of medicine, which is a public offense punishable by fines or criminal penalties. In addition, any physician who participates in a scheme that violates the state s corporate practice of medicine prohibition may be subject to disciplinary action or potential forfeiture of revenues from payors for services rendered, or may be punished for aiding and abetting a non-medical professional entity in the unlawful practice of medicine. We typically operate by forming RBEs which contract with payors on the one hand and provide professional services through contractual relationships with PCPs on the other hand. While we believe that our practices are in substantial compliance with the corporate practice of medicine laws to which we are subject, if a state determines that we are not in compliance that may result in a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. See Risk Factors Legal and Regulatory Risks Laws regarding the laws that regulate the corporate practice of medicine, which laws could restrict the manner in which we are permitted to conduct our business, and the failure to comply with such laws, or any changes to such laws or regulations or similar laws or regulations could subject us to penalties and restructuring, or have a material adverse effect on our consolidation of the accounts of our majority-owned subsidiaries. 
 Fee-Splitting Prohibitions 
 The laws of some states prohibit physicians from splitting with anyone, other than providers who are part of the same group practice, any professional fee, commission, rebate or other form of compensation for any services not actually and personally rendered. Fee-splitting laws and their interpretations vary from state to state and are enforced by state courts and regulatory authorities that have broad discretion in their enforcement. Courts in some states have interpreted fee-splitting statutes as prohibiting all percentage of gross revenue and percentage of net profit fee arrangements, despite the performance of legitimate services. In addition, courts have refused to enforce contracts found to violate state fee-splitting prohibitions. Further, fee-splitting arrangements could implicate other laws applicable to our business, such as anti-kickback and corporate practice of medicine laws and regulations. 
 While we believe we are in substantial compliance with fee-splitting laws in the states in which we operate, if we are found to be non-compliant, penalties for violating fee-splitting statutes or regulations may include medical license revocation, suspension, probation or other disciplinary action against our affiliated providers. 
 False Claims Acts 
 We are subject to numerous federal and state laws that prohibit the presentation of false information, or the failure to disclose information, in connection with the submission and payment of medical claims for reimbursement. 
 The federal civil and criminal false claims laws and civil monetary penalties laws, such as the federal False Claims Act, 31 U.S.C. 3729 3733, impose civil liability on individuals or entities that submit false or fraudulent claims for payment to the federal government. The False Claims Act provides, in part, that the federal government may bring a lawsuit against any person whom it believes has knowingly or recklessly: presented, or caused to be 
 14 
 
 Table of Contents 
 presented, a false or fraudulent claim for payment or approval to the federal government; made, used or caused to be made or used a false statement or a false record to get a claim for payment approved, including a false or fraudulent claim; concealed, or knowingly and improperly avoided or decreased, an obligation to pay or transmit money or property to the federal government; or conspired to commit any of the foregoing. The government may deem entities to have caused the submission of false or fraudulent claims by, for example, providing inaccurate billing or coding information, billing for services not rendered, billing services at a higher payment rate than appropriate and billing for care that is not considered medically necessary. Healthcare-related fraud continues to be the leading source of False Claims Act settlements and judgments. 
 The federal government has used the False Claims Act to prosecute a wide variety of alleged false claims and fraud allegedly perpetrated against Medicare and state healthcare programs. The federal government, including as a result of the passage of the ACA, and a number of courts have taken the position that claims presented in violation of certain other statutes, including the federal Anti-Kickback Statute AKS or the federal physician referral law, 42 U.S.C. 1395nn (the Stark Law ), can also be considered a violation of the False Claims Act. Some government healthcare programs, including, but not limited to, the MA program, use a risk-adjustment model that adjusts premiums paid to contracted payors to reflect the specific characteristics of each enrolled member (including demographics, government program eligibility and health status). Many payors and government healthcare programs have set forth specific documentation rules that must be followed in compliantly selecting allowable codes. We rely on physician partners to follow the CMS documentation rules and code their claim submissions with accurate and substantially documented diagnoses, which we send to the payors, some of whom, in turn, submit the data to government healthcare agencies including CMS. In recent years, the DOJ has brought a number of investigations and actions under the federal False Claims Act against both payors and providers for alleged upcoding or improper coding of diagnosis coding under the risk-adjustment methodology. Further, amendments to the federal False Claims Act and Social Security Act impose severe penalties for the knowing and improper retention of overpayments collected from government payors. On December 14, 2022, CMS released a proposed rule 2022 Proposed Rule that, among other things, revises the existing regulatory negligence standard for when an overpayment is identified, following a decision that vacated the reasonable diligence standard. The 2022 Proposed Rule would provide that [a] person has identified an overpayment when the person knowingly receives or retains an overpayment. The proposal references the definition of knowingly under the False Claims Act, which extends to actual knowledge, reckless disregard, and willful blindness. 
 A number of states have enacted laws that are similar to the federal False Claims Act. Under Section 6031 of the Deficit Reduction Act of 2005, as amended, if a state enacts a false claims act that is at least as stringent as the federal statute and that also meets certain other requirements, the state will be eligible to receive a greater share of any monetary recovery obtained pursuant to certain actions brought under the state s false claims act. As a result, more states are expected to enact laws that are similar to the federal False Claims Act in the future along with a corresponding increase in state false claims enforcement efforts. Violations of federal and state fraud and abuse laws may be punishable by criminal and/or civil sanctions, including significant penalties, fines, disgorgement, additional reporting requirements and oversight under a corporate integrity agreement or similar agreement to resolve allegations of noncompliance with these laws, and/or exclusion or suspension from federal healthcare programs, such as Medicare, and debarment from contracting with the U.S. government. Penalties for False Claims Act violations include substantial fines for each false claim, plus up to three times the amount of damages sustained by the government. In addition to the provisions of the False Claims Act, which provide for civil enforcement, the federal government also can use several criminal statutes to prosecute persons who are alleged to have submitted false or fraudulent claims to the government for payments. Additionally, private parties may initiate qui tam whistleblower lawsuits against any person or entity under the False Claims Act in the name of the federal government, as well as under the false claims laws of several states, and may share in the proceeds of a successful suit. Generally, federal and state governments have made investigating and prosecuting healthcare fraud and abuse a priority. 
 Federal and State Anti-Kickback Statutes 
 The AKS, set forth in Section 1128B of the Social Security Act, prohibits the knowing and willful offer, payment, solicitation or receipt of any form of remuneration in return for, or to induce, (i) the referral of a person for items or services reimbursable under federal healthcare programs, (ii) the furnishing or arranging for the furnishing of items or services reimbursable under federal healthcare programs or (iii) the purchase, lease or order or arranging or recommending purchasing, leasing or ordering of any item or service reimbursable under federal healthcare 
 15 
 
 Table of Contents 
 programs. The core of a violation of the AKS is an inducement to refer patients for services or items that are reimbursed under a federal healthcare program, such as Medicare, Medicaid, or Tricare (which covers military personnel). Kickbacks undermine the integrity of federal healthcare programs by tainting medical decision-making, increasing healthcare costs and negatively impacting competition. The ACA amended the AKS to make it clear that a person need not have actual knowledge of the statute, or specific intent to violate the statute, as a predicate for a violation. Court cases have resulted in the interpretation that a violation may occur where even one purpose of the remuneration is to induce or reward referrals, and the OIG, which has the authority to impose administrative sanctions for violation of the statute, has adopted a similar standard. 
 There are certain AKS safe harbors which, if the respective requirements are met, would afford protection from the AKS. Failure to meet all requirements of an AKS safe harbor does not necessarily mean the arrangement violates the AKS, but it may be subject to scrutiny by legal authorities, in light of the parties intent and arrangements. In other words, if an arrangement does not fit within a safe harbor, it does not necessarily mean that the arrangement is per se illegal only that it is not shielded from regulatory scrutiny. The federal AKS provides criminal penalties for individuals or entities that knowingly and willfully solicit or receive any remuneration. A violation of the AKS is punishable by imprisonment of up to ten years, fines of up to 100,000 per offense, or both. Violation can also give rise to federal healthcare program exclusion, liability under the False Claims Act and civil penalties, which may include monetary penalties of up to 100,000 per offense, repayments of up to three times the total payments between the parties to the arrangement and suspension from future participation in Medicare and Medicaid. 
 We have endeavored to structure our business arrangements to fit within applicable federal AKS safe harbors and to otherwise operate in material compliance with the AKS. Federal courts in the U.S., for instance, have recognized that a referring party s provision of legitimate services to a referral recipient may not constitute prohibited remuneration for AKS purposes when the referral recipient pays fair market value in return for what it receives. Many of our arrangements are structured to provide for compensation that is fair market value for services actually rendered and in a manner that does not reflect the volume or value of referrals generated between the parties. In structuring our relationships with providers, including our physician partners, and other healthcare entities, we are careful to try to ensure wherever possible that we are in compliance with all of the regulatory requirements of such safe harbors and exceptions. In particular, a key managed care safe harbor under the AKS upon which we regularly rely allows for payments to providers for healthcare services and items, but does not allow incentive payments for marketing or to encourage member enrollment. We therefore carefully analyze all payment structures to ensure that they constitute services and items that fall within this safe harbor or are otherwise in compliance with the AKS. 
 Additionally, some states have enacted statutes and regulations similar to the AKS, but which may be applicable regardless of the payor source for the patient. These state laws may contain exceptions and safe harbors that are different from and/or more limited than those of federal law and that may vary from state to state. 
 To help accelerate the U.S. healthcare system s transition from a FFS to a value-based system, the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services HHS launched the Regulatory Sprint to Coordinated Care initiative Regulatory Sprint in 2018, which aims to change the manner in which the healthcare regulatory framework has traditionally been applied to stakeholder arrangements. In connection with the Regulatory Sprint, the OIG issued final rules amending the AKS by adding new safe harbors and modifying existing safe harbors that protect certain payment practices and business arrangements from sanctions under the AKS in order to remove potential barriers to more effective coordination and management of patient care and delivery of value-based care. Among other changes, the new regulations contain safe harbors for value-based arrangements centering around value-based enterprises, which are enterprises composed of participants collaborating to achieve one or more value-based purposes, including coordinating and managing the care of a target patient population and coordinating and managing the care of a target population. These new final rules provide additional protections to our payment models with providers. 
 We have also endeavored to structure our participation in the Direct Contracting Model to comply with waivers of the AKS issued by the Secretary of HHS. The conditions of such waivers are to ensure that protected arrangements: (i) are consistent with the quality, care coordination, and cost-reduction goals of the Direct Contracting Model, (ii) are subject to safeguards designed to mitigate the risk of fraud and abuse; and (iii) can be readily monitored and audited. 
 16 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Stark Law 
 The Stark Law generally prohibits a physician from referring Medicare and Medicaid patients to an entity providing designated health services DHS if such physician, or a member of the physician s immediate family, has a financial relationship with the entity, unless a specific exception applies. DHS is defined to mean any of the following enumerated items or services: clinical laboratory services; physical therapy services; occupational therapy services; radiology services, including magnetic resonance imaging, computerized axial tomography scans and ultrasound services; radiation therapy services and supplies; durable medical equipment and supplies; parenteral and enteral nutrients, equipment and supplies; prosthetics, orthotics and prosthetic devices and supplies; home health services; outpatient prescription drugs; inpatient and outpatient hospital services; and outpatient speech-language pathology services. The types of financial arrangements between the referring physician and an entity providing DHS that trigger the Stark Law are broad, including direct and indirect ownership and investment interests, and compensation arrangements. The Stark Law also prohibits any entity providing DHS and receiving a prohibited referral from presenting, or causing to be presented, a claim or billing for the services arising out of the prohibited referral. Similarly, the Stark Law prohibits an entity from furnishing a DHS to another entity in which it has a financial relationship when that entity bills for the service. The Stark Law also prohibits self-referrals within an organization by its own physicians, although broad exceptions exist that cover employed physicians and those referring DHS that are ancillary to the physician s practice to the physician group. The prohibition applies regardless of the reasons for the financial relationship and the referral; intent to induce referrals is not required. Like the federal AKS, the federal Stark Law contains statutory and regulatory exceptions intended to protect certain types of transactions and arrangements. If the Stark Law is implicated, the financial relationship must fully satisfy a Stark Law exception; if an exception is not satisfied, then the parties to the arrangement could be subject to sanctions. Sanctions for violation of the Stark Law include denial of payment for claims for services provided in violation of the prohibition, refunds of amounts collected in violation of the prohibition, a civil penalty of up to 15,000 for each service arising out of the prohibited referral, a civil penalty of up to 100,000 against parties that enter into a scheme to circumvent the Stark Law prohibition, civil assessment of up to three times the amount claimed, and potential exclusion from the federal healthcare programs, including Medicare and Medicaid. Amounts collected on claims related to prohibited referrals must be reported and refunded generally within sixty (60) days after the date on which the overpayment was identified. Furthermore, Stark Law violations and failure to return overpayments in a timely manner can form the basis for False Claims Act liability, as further discussed herein. Additionally, several states have enacted physician self-referral laws. 
 Notably, compensation pursuant to a risk-sharing arrangement between a managed care organization or an independent practice association and a physician (either directly or indirectly through a contractor) for services provided to enrollees of a health plan (an MA plan, for example) does not constitute a financial arrangement for Stark purposes. Further, physician incentive plans PIPs are allowable provided that (i) the compensation is not determined in any manner (withhold, capitation, bonus, or otherwise) that takes into account, directly or indirectly, volume or value of referrals and (ii) the PIP does not induce the reduction of medically necessary care to individual patients and does not place the physician at substantial financial risk for services not provided by the physician. 
 As part of the Regulatory Sprint, CMS also issued a sweeping set of regulations that introduce significant new value-based terminology and exceptions to the Stark Law. CMS has implemented new exceptions for certain remuneration exchanged between or among eligible participants in value-based arrangements. These exceptions and their various requirements apply based on the level of risk assumed by the arrangement s participants. These new regulations purport to ease the compliance burden for healthcare providers across the industry while maintaining strong safeguards to protect patients and programs from fraud and abuse. These or other changes may change the parameters of the Stark Law exceptions that we rely upon and impact our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Section 1876 of the Social Security Act 
 Section 1876 of the Social Security Act prohibits MA plans and their downstream entities from entering into compensation arrangements with physicians that may directly or indirectly have an effect of reducing or limiting services to individual members. We have sought to structure our compensation arrangements with physicians to ensure compliance with this requirement. 
 17 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Health Care Fraud Statute 
 The Health Care Fraud Statute, 18 U.S.C. 1347, prohibits any person from knowingly and willfully executing, or attempting to execute, a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program, which can be either a government or private payor plan. Violation of this statute, even in the absence of actual knowledge of or specific intent to violate the statute, may be charged as a felony offense and may result in fines, imprisonment or both. The Health Care False Statement Statute, 18 U.S.C. 1035, prohibits, in any matter involving a federal healthcare program, anyone from knowingly and willfully falsifying, concealing or covering up, by any trick, scheme or device, a material fact, or making any materially false, fictitious, or fraudulent statement or representation, or making or using any materially false writing or document knowing that it contains a materially false or fraudulent statement. A violation of this statute may be charged as a felony offense and may result in fines, imprisonment, or both. 
 Civil Monetary Penalties Statute 
 The Civil Monetary Penalties Law CMPL ), 42 U.S.C. 1320a-7a, authorizes the imposition of civil monetary penalties, assessments, and exclusions against an individual or entity based on a variety of prohibited conduct, including, but not limited to: (i) presenting, or causing to be presented, claims for payment to Medicare, Medicaid, or other third-party payors that the individual or entity knows or should know are for an item or service that was not provided as claimed or is false or fraudulent; (ii) offering remuneration to a federal healthcare program beneficiary that the individual or entity knows or should know is likely to influence the beneficiary to order or receive healthcare items or services from a particular provider; (iii) arranging contracts with an entity or individual excluded from participation in a federal healthcare program; (iv) violating the federal AKS; (v) making, using, or causing to be made or used, a false record or statement material to a false or fraudulent claim for payment for items and services furnished under a federal healthcare program; (vi) making, using, or causing to be made any false statement, omission, or misrepresentation of a material fact in any application, bid, or contract to participate or enroll as a provider of services or a supplier under a federal healthcare program; and (vii) failing to report and return an overpayment owed to the federal government. We could be exposed to a wide range of allegations to which the federal CMPL would apply. We perform monthly checks on our employees, affiliated providers and certain affiliates and vendors using government databases to confirm that these individuals have not been excluded from federal programs. However, should an individual become excluded and we fail to detect it, a federal agency could require us to refund amounts attributable to all claims or services performed or sufficiently linked to an excluded individual. Thus, we cannot foreclose the possibility that we will face allegations subject to the CMPL with the potential for a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Substantial civil monetary penalties may be imposed under the federal Civil Monetary Penalty Statute and may vary, depending on the underlying violation. In addition, an assessment of not more than three (3) times the total amount claimed for each item or service may also apply, and a violator may be subject to exclusion from federal and state healthcare programs. 
 Federal and State Insurance and Managed Care Laws 
 Regulation of downstream risk-sharing arrangements, including, but not limited to, global risk and other value-based arrangements, varies significantly from state to state. Some states require downstream entities and RBEs to obtain an insurance license, a certificate of authority, or an equivalent authorization, in order to participate in downstream risk-sharing arrangements with payors. In some states, statutes, regulations and/or formal guidance explicitly address whether and in what manner the state regulates the transfer of risk by a payor to a downstream entity. However, the majority of states do not explicitly address the issue, and in such states, regulators may nonetheless interpret statutes and regulations to regulate such activity. If downstream risk-sharing arrangements are not regulated directly in a particular state, the state regulatory agency may nonetheless require oversight by the licensed payor as the party to such a downstream risk-sharing arrangement. Such oversight is accomplished via contract and may include the imposition of reserve requirements, as well as reporting obligations. Further, state regulatory stances regarding downstream risk-sharing arrangements can change rapidly and codified provisions may not keep pace with evolving risk-sharing mechanisms. 
 18 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Healthcare Reform 
 In March 2010, the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (the ACA and the accompanying Health Care and Education Affordability Reconciliation Act, collectively referred to as the ACA, were enacted. The ACA includes a variety of healthcare reform provisions and requirements, which continue to be implemented and substantially changed the way healthcare is financed by both governmental and private insurers. 
 However, due to government action over the last several years, a number of changes have been made to the provisions of the ACA since 2010, including reduced funding. Looking forward, the future of the ACA and its underlying programs are subject to continuing and substantial uncertainty, making long-term business planning exceedingly difficult. Because of the continued uncertainty about the implementation of the ACA, including the timing of and potential for further legal challenges, repeal or amendment of that legislation and the future of the health insurance exchanges, we cannot quantify or predict with any certainty the likely impact of the ACA on our business, financial condition, operating results and prospects. 
 The CMS Innovation Center continues to test an array of alternative payment models, including the Direct Contracting Model to allow DCEs to negotiate directly with the government to manage traditional Medicare beneficiaries and share in the savings and losses generated from managing such beneficiaries. State regulation of DCEs will likely be variable. For example, certain states may require DCEs to obtain specific licensure to participate in the Direct Contracting Model and assume risk directly from CMS. There likely will continue to be regulatory proposals directed at containing or lowering the cost of healthcare. Further, CMS also routinely adjusts the risk adjustment factor which is central to payment under the MA program. The monetary coefficient values associated with diseases that we manage in our population are subject to change by CMS. Such changes could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition. 
 In February 2022, the CMS Innovation Center announced that it is redesigning the Direct Contracting model and renaming it the ACO REACH Model. The ACO REACH Model aims to improve quality of care through better care coordination and increased access to accountable care in underserved communities. The CMS Innovation Center concurrently introduced a Request for Applications (RFA) for a new cohort to begin the model on January 1, 2023, and it announced that all current Direct Contracting model participants that meet ACO REACH requirements would be permitted to continue participating in the ACO REACH model as ACOs. The ACO REACH requirements outlined thus far include the development and implementation of a robust health equity plan to identify disparities in care and better serve underserved communities; the requirement that at least 75 control of each ACO's governing body be held by participating providers or their designated representatives (compared to 25 during the first two performance years of the Direct Contracting model); and the requirement that there be at least two beneficiary advocates on the governing board (at least one Medicare beneficiary and at least one consumer advocate), both of whom must hold voting rights. We began our participation in the ACO REACH Model in January 2023, and these new requirements have not had a material impact on our current or future participation in this program, or inhibited our ability to continue and grow our participation in the model. In addition, the CMS Innovation Center announced that ACO REACH would include technical adjustments to the model s parameters, including changes to benchmark calculations. The overall effect of these changes has been minimal thus far. 
 Federal and State Privacy and Security Requirements 
 We are subject to various federal, state and local laws and rules regarding the use, security and disclosure of protected health information PHI ), personally identifiable information, de-identified data and other categories of confidential or legally protected data that our businesses may handle. Such laws and rules include, without limitation, the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 HIPAA ), the Federal Trade Commission Act, 15 U.S.C. 45 FTC Act and state privacy and security laws. Privacy and security laws and regulations often change due to new or amended legislation, regulations or administrative interpretation. We are highly dependent on information technology networks and systems, including the internet, to securely process, transmit and store this information. We also utilize third-party service providers for important aspects of the collection, storage and transmission of such sensitive information. 
 Congress enacted HIPAA, in part, to combat healthcare fraud and to protect the privacy and security of patients individually identifiable healthcare information. Among other things, HIPAA requires healthcare providers and their 
 19 
 
 Table of Contents 
 business associates to maintain the privacy and security of individually identifiable PHI. The HIPAA Security Rule requires both covered entities and business associates to develop and maintain policies and procedures with respect to PHI, including adherence to HIPAA s security standards through the implementation of administrative, physical and technical safeguards to protect PHI. Additionally, the Privacy Rule contains requirements with respect to the use and disclosure of individuals PHI, including a prohibition on a covered entity or business associate using or disclosing an individual s PHI unless the use or disclosure is authorized by the individual or is specifically required or permitted under the Privacy Rule. The Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health of 2009 HITECH dramatically expanded, among other things, (1) the scope of HIPAA to now apply directly to business associates, or independent contractors who receive or obtain PHI in connection with providing a service to a covered entity or another business associate, (2) substantive security and privacy obligations, including a new federal security breach notification requirement that unauthorized acquisitions, access, use or disclosure of PHI be reported to, depending on the number of people affected and their location, affected individuals, the Department of Health and Human Services and local media outlets, (3) restrictions on marketing communications, a prohibition on business associates from receiving remuneration in exchange for PHI, and a prohibition on covered entities from receiving remuneration in exchange for PHI without express patient authorization and (4) the civil and criminal penalties that may be imposed for HIPAA violations. Pursuant to HIPAA, as amended by HITECH, we are required to report breaches of unsecured PHI to our covered entity clients, such as our physician group partners, within 60 days of discovery of the breach, and notify certain agencies and potentially the media in accordance with clause (2) above. We have experienced cybersecurity incidents in the past and may experience them in the future. Any interruption in access to member information, unauthorized access to information, improper disclosure or other loss of information could result in, among other things, federal or state government investigations and liability under laws and regulations that protect the privacy of member information, such as HIPAA, potentially resulting in damages and regulatory penalties. 
 HIPAA mandates that the Secretary of HHS conduct periodic audits of covered entities and business associates for compliance with the HIPAA Privacy and Security Rules. HIPAA imposes penalties for certain violations, subject to a cap of 1.5 million for violations of the same standard in a single calendar year. A single data privacy or data security incident can, in the view of HHS, result in violations of multiple standards. HIPAA, as amended by the HITECH Act, also authorizes state attorneys general to file suit on behalf of their states residents. While HIPAA does not create a private right of action allowing individuals to sue us in federal court for violations of HIPAA, its standards have been used as a basis for establishing a duty of care in state-law civil suits alleging negligence or recklessness for the misuse of PHI. A finding of liability under HIPAA could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In order to ensure compliance, we encrypt and back up data, maintain company-wide security awareness training, enter into business associate agreements with our partners, as well as ensure our partners have implemented physical security and safeguards at the data centers where our data is stored and conduct regular internal and external security audits. Although we employ administrative, physical and technological safeguards to help protect confidential and other sensitive information from unauthorized access or disclosure, our information technology and infrastructure, and that of our third-party service providers, may be vulnerable to attacks by hackers or viruses, failures or breaches due to third-party action and employee (including contractor) negligence, error or malfeasance. 
 Additionally, many states also enacted laws that protect the privacy and security of confidential, personal and health information, which may be even more stringent than HIPAA and may add additional compliance costs and legal risks to our operations. Some state privacy and security laws overlap with federal law, some of which are preempted, in part, by federal laws, whereas others are not. States have also passed privacy and security laws and regulations that apply across sectors and go beyond federal law, such as data security laws, secure destruction, Social Security number privacy, online privacy, biometric information privacy, and data breach notification laws. Some of these state laws may impose fines and penalties on violators and may afford private rights of action to individuals who believe their personal information has been misused. 
 We are also subject to a provision of the federal 21st Century Cures Act that is intended to facilitate the appropriate exchange of health information. In May 2020, the United States Department of Health and Human Services Office of the National Coordinator for Health Information Technology and CMS issued complementary new rules that are intended to clarify provisions of the 21st Century Cures Act. The rules, intended to enhance interoperability and prevent information blocking, create significant new requirements for healthcare industry participants, including requirements to (i) provide patients with convenient access to health care information, (ii) support electronic exchange of data for transitions of care and (iii) require participation in trust networks to improve 
 20 
 
 Table of Contents 
 interoperability. The 21 st Century Cures Act authorizes civil monetary penalties up to 1 million per information blocking violation. It is unclear at this time what the costs of compliance with the new rules will be, and what additional risks there may be to our business. Looking ahead, it is possible that the American Data Privacy and Protection Act ADPPA ), a landmark federal privacy bill with significant bipartisan support, may gain traction. Although ADPPA would not apply to health data covered by HIPAA, it would apply to other health data, such as health data controlled by certain entities in the digital health space. Various other federal and state laws may apply that restrict the use and protect the privacy and security of individually identifiable information, as well as employee personal information, including certain state laws modeled to some extent on the European Union s General Data Protection Regulation. Federal and state consumer protection laws, including laws that do not on their face specifically address data privacy or security, have been applied to data privacy and security matters by a range of government agencies and courts. 
 Consumer Protection Laws 
 Healthcare providers are also subject to the Telephone Consumer Protection Act TCPA ), which regulates the manner in which a business may advertise its products and services to consumers by phone, text and fax. The TCPA was enacted by Congress to combat aggressive telemarketing and fax advertising practices believed to invade consumer privacy. The TCPA also regulates the use of automated equipment to deliver calls or text messages to mobile phones without prior express consent. Congress empowered the FCC to interpret the TCPA through rules, regulations and declaratory rulings. A 2015 order from the FCC clarified that calls or text messages that have an express healthcare-related purpose such as treatment follow-up, appointment confirmations and reminders or pre-operative instructions are exempt from the TCPA. In these instances, providers are not required to receive prior express consent from patients before reaching out by phone or text. As healthcare companies, such as ourselves, increasingly rely on mobile delivery platforms and other technologies to communicate with patients about appointments, billing and other issues, the potential for legal exposure under the TCPA also increases. Each call or text made in violation of the TCPA can cost up to 1,500 per instance in fines and damages. Because there is no cap on statutory damages, violations can result in millions of dollars in penalties. 
 Competition and Antitrust Laws 
 We are subject to numerous statutes that govern competition in our industry, including the Sherman Act, the FTC Act and the Clayton Act. The Sherman Act, 15 U.S.C. 1-7, outlaws every contract, combination, or conspiracy in restraint of trade, and any monopolization, attempted monopolization, or conspiracy or combination to monopolize. The penalties for violating the Sherman Act can be severe. Most enforcement actions are civil, but individuals and businesses that violate the Sherman Act may be prosecuted criminally by the DOJ. Criminal prosecutions are typically limited to clear violations, such as when competitors fix prices, allocate markets or rig bids. The Sherman Act imposes criminal penalties of up to 100 million for a corporation and 1 million for an individual, along with up to 10 years in prison. Under federal law, the maximum fine may be increased to twice the amount the conspirators gained from the illegal acts or twice the money lost by the victims of the crime, if either of those amounts is more than 100 million. 
 The FTC Act, 15 U.S.C. 41-58, bans unfair methods of competition and unfair or deceptive acts or practices. The Supreme Court has said that all violations of the Sherman Act also violate the FTC Act. Thus, although the FTC does not technically enforce the Sherman Act, it can bring cases under the FTC Act against the same kinds of activities that violate the Sherman Act. The FTC Act also reaches other practices that harm competition, but that may not fit neatly into categories of conduct formally prohibited by the Sherman Act. Only the FTC brings cases under the FTC Act. 
 The Clayton Act, 15 U.S.C. 12-27, addresses specific practices that the Sherman Act does not clearly prohibit, such as mergers and interlocking directorates (that is, the same person serving as an officer or director of two competing companies). Section 7 of the Clayton Act prohibits mergers and acquisitions where the effect may be substantially to lessen competition, or to tend to create a monopoly. As amended by the Robinson-Patman Act of 1936, 15 U.S.C. 13, the Clayton Act also bans certain discriminatory prices, services and allowances in dealings between merchants. The Clayton Act was amended again in 1976 by the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act, 15 U.S.C. 18a, to require companies planning large mergers or acquisitions to notify the government of their plans in advance. The Clayton Act also authorizes private parties to sue for treble damages when they have been 
 21 
 
 Table of Contents 
 harmed by conduct that violates either the Sherman or Clayton Act and to obtain a court order prohibiting the anticompetitive practice in the future. 
 In addition to these federal statutes, most states have antitrust laws that are enforced by state attorneys general or private plaintiffs. Many state statutory provisions are based on federal antitrust law, namely, Sections 1 and 2 of the Sherman Act, and Sections 3 and 7 of the Clayton Act. Further complicating matters, state lawmakers are increasingly seeking to exercise oversight over healthcare transactions and allow state agencies to analyze potential anticompetitive effects of healthcare consolidation, including smaller transactions that do not meet federal reporting thresholds. 
 As the healthcare industry has continued to evolve in response to consumer demand and competition in the marketplace, the effect of the antitrust laws in healthcare is also changing. We have expanded our operations significantly since our inception, organically as well as through acquisitions. Such growth, and our long-term contracts with physician partners, could expose us to risks related to antitrust investigations and litigation. Competition and antitrust law inquiries often continue for several years and, if violations are found, can result in substantial fines. 
 Other Laws and Regulations 
 Some states in which we operate require licensing or registration for operations related to, among others, utilization review on behalf of payors, including reviewing medical necessity and appropriateness of healthcare services, or processing claims in connection with insurance or managed care products. Such laws vary from state to state, and our operations may be subject to exemption in certain states. 
 Additionally, our physician partners are subject to numerous federal, state and local licensing laws and regulations, relating to, among other things, professional credentialing and professional ethics. Our physician partners, as well as their nurse practitioners, must satisfy and maintain their individual professional licensing in each state where they practice medicine. 
 Further, organizations that receive reimbursement from a federal or state government payor are expected by the federal government to have a compliance program. For those organizations that do not receive reimbursement from any federal or state government payors, a compliance program is not mandatory but is considered best practice. As a result, we maintain a program to monitor compliance with federal and state laws and regulations applicable to healthcare entities. We have a compliance department that is charged with implementing and supervising our compliance program, which includes the adoption of (i) a Code of Conduct for our employees and affiliates and (ii) a process that specifies how employees, affiliates and others may report regulatory or ethical concerns to our compliance officer. We believe that our compliance program meets the relevant standards provided by the OIG of the Department of Health and Human Services. An important part of our compliance program consists of conducting periodic audits of various aspects of our operations. We also conduct mandatory educational programs designed to familiarize our employees with the regulatory requirements and specific elements of our compliance program. 
 22 
 
 Table of Contents 
 We are also impacted by federal and state laws and policies that require providers to enroll in the Medicare program before submitting any claims for services, to promptly report certain changes in its operations to the agencies that administer these programs, and to re-enroll in these programs when changes in direct or indirect ownership occur or in response to revalidation requests from Medicare. 
 Available Information 
 Our website address is www.agilonhealth.com. We use our website as a routine channel for distribution of information that may be material to investors, including news releases, financial information, presentations and corporate governance information. Information contained or connected to our website is not incorporated by reference in this Annual Report on Form 10-K unless expressly noted. Our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and any amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act are available on our website, free of charge, as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such materials with, or furnish them to, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). Additionally, the SEC maintains a website that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC, including us, at www.sec.gov. 
 23 
 
 Table of Contents 
 ITEM 1A. Risk Factors 
 The section below discusses the most significant risk factors that may materially adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Risks Related to Our Business 
 We have a history of net losses, we anticipate increasing expenses in the future, and we may not achieve or maintain profitability. 
 We have incurred significant net losses in prior years and have a substantial accumulated deficit. We expect that our expenses will increase substantially in the foreseeable future and our losses may continue, in part as we invest in growing our business, expanding our management team, building relationships with physician partners and payors, developing new services and complying with the requirements associated with being a public company. These expenses may prove to be more significant than we currently anticipate, and we may encounter unforeseen expenses, difficulties, complications, delays and other unknown factors that may adversely affect our business. We may not succeed in sufficiently increasing our revenue to offset these expenses. Consequently, we may not be able to achieve and maintain profitability for the current or any future fiscal year. Our prior losses and potential for future losses have had and will continue to have an adverse effect on our stockholders equity and working capital. 
 Any failure by us to identify and develop successful new geographies, physician partners and payors and to successfully execute upon our growth initiatives and achieve required operational scale to support our growth may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows, and results of operations. 
 Our business depends on our ability to identify and develop successful geographies and relationships with physician partners and payors, and to successfully execute upon our growth initiatives to increase the profitability of our physician partners. In order to pursue our strategy successfully, we must effectively implement our platform, partnership and network model, including identifying suitable candidates and successfully building relationships with and managing integration of new physician partners and payors. We contract with a limited number of physician partners and rely on physician partners within each geography. Our growth initiatives in our existing geographies depend, in part, on our physician partners ability to grow their practices through the addition of PCPs to increase their capacity to service Medicare patients, and to effectively meet increased patient demand. Our physician partners may encounter difficulties in recruiting additional PCPs to their practices due to many factors, including significant competition in their geographies. Accordingly, the loss or dissatisfaction of any physician partners, our inability to recruit and integrate physician partners into our model, or the failure of our physician partners to recruit additional PCPs or manage and scale capacity to timely meet patient demand, could substantially harm our brand and reputation, impact our competitiveness, inhibit widespread adoption of our platform, partnership and network model and impair our ability to attract new physician partners and maintain existing physician partnerships, both in new geographies and in geographies in which we currently operate, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows, and results of operations. 
 Further, our growth strategy depends, in part, on securing and integrating new high-caliber physician partners and expanding into new geographies in which we have little or no operating experience. Integration and other risks can be more pronounced for larger and more complicated relationships or relationships outside of our core business space, or if multiple relationships are pursued simultaneously. Additionally, new geographies may be characterized by stakeholder preferences for, and experience with, a Total Care Model, rates of MA enrollment, MA reimbursement rates, payor concentration and rates of unnecessary variability in and utilization of medical care that differ from those in the geographies where our existing operations are located. Likewise, new geographies into which we seek to expand may have laws and regulations that differ from those applicable to our current operations. As a young and rapidly growing company, we may be unfamiliar with the regulatory requirements in each geography that we enter, and we may be forced to incur significant expenditures to ensure compliance with requirements to which we are subject. If we are unable or unwilling to incur such costs, our growth in new geographies may be less successful than in our current geographies. 
 Further, our growth to date has increased the significant demands on our management, operational and financial systems, infrastructure and other resources. We must continue to improve our existing systems for operational and 
 24 
 
 Table of Contents 
 financial management, including our reporting systems, procedures and controls and management and mitigation of enterprise and operational risks. These improvements could require significant capital expenditures and place increasing demands on our management. We may not be successful in managing or expanding our operations, maintaining adequate financial and operating systems and controls, executing upon our growth initiatives and achieving required operational scale to support our growth. If we do not successfully manage these processes, our business, financial condition, cash flows, and results of operations could be harmed. 
 We may be unsuccessful in executing our operating strategies, or we may not achieve results consistent with our historical performance. 
 Our success is dependent on our ability to successfully execute upon defined operating strategies in our existing and future geographies. Such strategies include successfully growing our geographies through the addition of PCPs and our physician partners capacity to serve new members, providing medical services for our members at appropriate levels of utilization and cost, and generating medical services revenue through appropriate and effective contracting strategies with our MA payors. We may not be successful in executing these strategies, or we may fail to implement such strategies in future markets as effectively as with our initial markets. The failure to successfully execute upon such strategies or to produce results consistent with our historical results or the financial and operational models used in the analysis of our potential relationships may result in an inability to grow our business; may cause ongoing operating losses, asset write-offs, restructuring costs or other expenses; and may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows, and results of operations. 
 Further, as a young and rapidly growing company with a limited operating history, it is uncertain whether our platform, partnership and network model will achieve and sustain high levels of demand, physician and payor acceptance and market adoption. Due to our limited operating history, it is also difficult for us to evaluate our business compared to prior periods. If we do not develop, if we develop more slowly than we expect, if we encounter negative publicity or if our value propositions for physician partners, patients and payors do not drive sufficient member growth, the growth of our business will be harmed. Our success will depend to a substantial extent on our ability to demonstrate the value of our platform, partnership and network model to physicians and payors. Our ability to replicate the success of our model also enables us to attract and retain skilled physician partners. Accordingly, if we are unable to effectively manage our growth and replicate the success of our platform, partnership and network model in new geographies and with new partners, our business, financial condition, cash flows, and results of operations could be harmed. 
 Amounts of medical expenses that are incurred on behalf of our members may exceed the amount of medical revenues we receive to provide care for such members. 
 Under our agreements with our payors, we receive a PMPM-based capitation payment, and we assume financial risk for the expense of providing medical services on behalf of our physician partners. To the extent that utilization of medical services or the cost of providing such services increases beyond our expectations, the total cost to provide medical services to our members may exceed the corresponding amount of revenue we receive, which may result in losses and adversely impact our business, financial condition, cash flows, and results of operations. 
 Additionally, factors that impact medical costs incurred by our members, and medical expenses we incur, may be subject to fluctuations which we may not be able to control. Such factors include the following: 
 Changes to the Medicare fee schedule or other rate schedules that serve as the basis for payments issued to hospitals, specialty and ancillary physicians and other providers; 

Contractual rates paid to hospitals, specialty and ancillary physicians and other providers; 

The utilization rates of healthcare services, including inpatient hospitalization, by our members; 

Changes to member benefit levels established annually by payors; and 

The utilization rate and cost of pharmaceuticals or specialty drugs utilized by our members. 

Fluctuations in the magnitude of the hospital and physician network, including the discontinuation of a hospital or specialty or ancillary physician s participation in our MA payors provider network, could adversely impact our business, financial condition, cash flows, and results of operations. 
 25 
 
 Table of Contents 
 As we expand into new geographies, we may be unable to secure contracts with MA payors, or such contracts may be established at less favorable financial terms than are necessary to meet our financial targets. 
 As we enter into new geographies, potential physician partners will typically provide care to members affiliated with one or more MA payors, in a structure other than a Total Care Model. Our ability to successfully operate in a market is dependent upon our ability to enter into contractual relationships with MA payors which have an existing presence in that market under a global risk structure. MA payors may take the position that it is not in their strategic or financial interests to enter into a contract with us, or they may have already established exclusive relationships with other value-based care providers or affiliates in a geography and, therefore, elect to not enter into a similar arrangement with us. Therefore, we may be unsuccessful in executing contractual relationships with MA payors, or such contracts may be established at financial terms which result in lower revenues or higher costs than we project or that are necessary to generate profits in a given geography. To the extent we are unsuccessful in establishing contractual relationships with MA payors in new geographies, or such relationships are established at less favorable terms than we project, we may not be able to successfully launch into a given geography, or the membership or revenue levels we are able to attain will be lower than our projections. 
 We incur startup costs during the initial stages of development of our physician partner relationships and program initiatives, and if we are unable to maintain and grow these physician partner relationships or program initiatives over time, we may not recover these costs. 
 We devote resources to the establishment of new physician partner relationships, including costs relating to physician recruiting to enhance access and support growth of the network, physician incentives to support the transition to a Total Care Model and operational support. Our startup investment in new physician partners can be significant and the associated revenue must be earned and sustained over time in order for us to recoup these costs. As our business grows, our physician partnership startup costs could outpace our buildup of recurring revenue if we do not achieve economies of scale, and we may be unable to achieve profitability until our revenues associated with new partnerships are more mature. We may never recoup our startup costs in a physician partner relationship, including as a result of such physician partner s difficulty transitioning to a Total Care Model. If we fail to achieve appropriate economies of scale, if we fail to manage or anticipate the evolution of the Total Care Model or if we fail to raise necessary capital to fund our startup costs, our business, financial condition, cash flows, and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. 
 We also devote resources to establishing program initiatives to ensure a successful transition to a Total Care Model for members, physician partners and payors. Establishment of these program initiatives requires investments that may not be recouped. For example, investment in preventive care and incentivizing physician partners to complete annual wellness visits may increase our total medical services expense, particularly in the short term, and may fail to generate expected cost savings in the long term. If we fail to realize quality of care outcomes and projected revenues or cost savings due to effectively managed healthcare costs with these program initiatives, our business, financial condition, cash flows, and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. 
 We may require substantial additional capital to support our business in the future, and this capital might not be available on acceptable terms, or at all. 
 Our operations have consumed substantial amounts of cash since inception, and we expect to spend substantial amounts of cash for the foreseeable future. If our cash and cash equivalents and any cash generated from operations are not sufficient to meet our future cash requirements, we will need to access additional capital to fund our operations and our continued growth and expansion. 
 We may seek to raise capital by, among other things, issuing additional shares of our common stock or other equity securities, issuing debt securities or borrowing funds under a credit facility. In the past, the securities and credit markets have experienced significant volatility and disruption. The availability of credit, from virtually all types of lenders, has at times been limited. In the event we need access to additional capital to pay our operating expenses, fund subsidiary surplus requirements, make payments on or refinance our indebtedness, pay capital expenditures, or fund acquisitions, our ability to obtain such capital may be limited and the cost of any such capital may be significant, particularly if we are unable to access the credit facility agreement we executed in February 2021 (as amended by the First Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of March 1, 2021, the Secured Credit Facilities . 
 26 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Our access to additional financing will depend on a variety of factors such as prevailing economic and credit market conditions, the general availability of credit, the overall availability of credit to our industry, our credit ratings and credit capacity and perceptions of our financial prospects. Similarly, our access to funds may be impaired if regulatory authorities or rating agencies take negative actions against us. If one or any combination of these factors were to occur, our internal sources of liquidity may prove to be insufficient, and in such case, we may not be able to successfully obtain sufficient additional financing on favorable terms, within an acceptable timeframe, or at all. Financings, if available, may be on terms that restrict our operational flexibility, dilute the economic or voting rights of our stockholders or reduce the market price of our common stock. If we require new sources of financing but they are insufficient or unavailable, we would be required to modify our operating plans to take into account the limitations of available funding, which would harm our ability to maintain or grow our business. 
 Significant reduction in our membership could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows, and results of operations. 
 A significant reduction in membership could adversely affect our business, financial condition , cash flows, and results of operations because our payor contracts compensate us on a per-member basis. Many factors that could cause such a reduction are outside our control. 
 Factors that could contribute to a reduction in membership include: 
 failure to obtain new physician partners or members or to retain existing physician partners or members; 

decision by a payor to not renew the existing contractual agreement upon termination of such contract; 

low quality of care by our physician partners, including as a result of our failure to provide tools and information to deliver high-quality care; 

alternative care opportunities that are more attractive than those provided by our physician partners; 

premium increases, benefit revisions or other similar changes, which cause our current payor relationships to be less attractive to members than other alternatives, including traditional Medicare or MA plans with which we do not maintain a relationship; 

negative publicity, through social media, news coverage or otherwise, related to us, our physician partners, payors or MA; 

failure of our payors to maintain their annual ratings awarded by CMS to health plans which measure the quality of health services received by beneficiaries enrolled in MA based on various calculated quality metrics STAR ratings ), which leads to members disenrolling from such payors; and 

federal and state regulatory changes. 

We contract with a limited number of payors, and our membership is dependent on such payors attracting and retaining members. In addition, if a payor fails to renew its contract with us or members disenroll from such payor, the members such payor attributes to our platform could transition to another payor which is not on our platform, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows, and results of operations. We may also fail to address factors within our control that could contribute to a reduction in enrollment, including providing our physician partners the tools and information to provide high-quality care. 
 The transition to a Total Care Model may be challenging for physician partners. 
 The transition to a Total Care Model may be challenging for our physician partners, and fully capitated or other provider-risk arrangements have had a history of financial challenges for physicians. It may take time for physician partners to acclimate to a capitation model, and some physician partners may not be successful at transitioning to a Total Care Model. If we are not able to attract or retain physician partners who are successful at transitioning to a Total Care Model, our business, financial condition, cash flows, and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. 
 27 
 
 Table of Contents 
 The spread of, and response to, COVID-19, potential new variants of COVID-19 and entirely new pandemics may adversely affect us. 
 COVID-19 continues to impact the United States and the rest of the world and the pandemic has led to significant economic disruption. Although the COVID-19 public health emergency is set to end on May 11, 2023, the spread of COVID-19 and its impact on the worldwide economy and the healthcare industry underscores risks we face related to pandemics. 
 Governmental and non-governmental organizations may not effectively combat the spread and severity of COVID-19, potential new variants of COVID-19 and entirely new pandemics, increasing the potential for harm for our members. If the spread of COVID-19, potential new variants of COVID-19, and entirely new pandemics are not contained, the medical services revenue we receive may prove to be insufficient to cover the cost of healthcare services delivered to our enrolled members, which could increase significantly as a result of higher utilization rates of medical facilities and services and other increases in associated medical claims and related costs. Over time, we may also experience increased costs or decreased revenues if, as a result of our enrolled members being unable to see their PCPs due to actions taken to mitigate the spread of COVID-19, potential new variants of COVID-19 and entirely new pandemics, we are unable to implement clinical initiatives to manage healthcare costs and chronic conditions of our enrolled members and appropriately document their risk profiles. In addition, the clinical disease burdens of our members may increase over time and reduce preventative care to manage their existing clinical conditions. 
 The spread of COVID-19, potential new variants of COVID-19 and entirely new pandemics, or actions including the efficacy, ability to administer or extent of adoption of applicable vaccines, could have material and adverse effects on our ability to operate effectively, including as a result of the complete or partial closure of facilities or labor shortages. Disruptions in public and private infrastructure, including communications, financial services and supply chains, could materially and adversely disrupt our normal business operations. 
 The rapid development and fluidity of COVID-19 precludes any prediction as to the ultimate impact on us of COVID-19, potential new variants of COVID-19, and entirely new pandemics. We are continuing to monitor the spread of COVID-19, potential new variants of COVID-19, and entirely new pandemics, changes to our payors benefit coverages, the ongoing costs and business impacts of dealing with the pandemic, including the potential costs associated with administering vaccines, and related risks, as well as potential costs associated with provision of care to our members suffering from COVID-19. The magnitude and duration of any pandemic and its ultimate impact on us are uncertain, but such impacts could be material to our business, financial condition, cash flows, and results of operations. 
 Our estimates of our members risk adjustment factors, medical services expense, incurred but not reported claims and earnings pursuant to payor contracts could be inaccurate. 
 Medical services revenue related to our members is based on clinical disease conditions identified and documented by physicians during patient visits during the preceding calendar year, as well as other factors such as the age and gender of the member, which is summarized in a risk-adjustment factor assigned to each member. To estimate the related amount of revenue that will ultimately be realized for the periods presented, we estimate our members risk adjustment factors based on our knowledge of members health status, which is in turn based on physicians clinical assessment and documentation of members health status, existing risk adjustment factors and applicable Medicare guidelines. These factors may not be predictive of our members risk adjustment factors, or we may otherwise fail to accurately estimate such score, which could cause our revenue estimates for the relevant period to be inaccurate. 
 We establish liabilities on our balance sheet for the amount of medical services that have been incurred but not reported IBNR or paid as of the given balance sheet date. IBNR estimates are developed using actuarial methods and are based on many variables, including the utilization of healthcare services, historical payment patterns, cost trends, product mix, seasonality, changes in membership and other factors. These estimation methods and the resulting reserves are periodically reviewed and updated. COVID-19 has also resulted in fluctuations in our medical expenses and increased challenges in accurately estimating the amount of medical expenses which have been incurred by our members. 
 28 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Given the numerous uncertainties inherent in such estimates, our actual medical claims liabilities for a particular quarter or other period could differ significantly from the amounts estimated and reserved for that quarter or period. Our actual medical claims liabilities have varied and will continue to vary from our estimates, particularly in times of significant changes in utilization, medical cost trends and populations and geographies served. If our actual liability for claims payments is higher than previously estimated, our earnings in any particular quarter or annual period could be negatively affected. Our estimates of IBNR liabilities may be inadequate in the future, which would negatively affect our results of operations for the relevant time period. Furthermore, if we are unable to accurately estimate adequate IBNR levels, our ability to take timely corrective actions may be limited, further exacerbating the extent of the negative impact on our results. 
 When we enter into a new physician partner relationship or when we prepare operating and financial forecasts, we and our payors estimate medical services expense. Our medical services expense may exceed our or our payors estimates, which may result in our establishing unfavorable financial terms in our contractual agreements with our payors, or may result in our payors actuarial projections submitted to CMS being inaccurate. In either case, we may incur higher medical expenses than we anticipated or in excess of the revenues we receive, which could in turn have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows, and results of operations. Additionally, we cannot be certain that the stop-loss coverage we maintain to protect us against certain severe or catastrophic medical claims currently is or will be adequate or available to us in the future or that the cost of such stop-loss coverage will not limit our ability to obtain it. 
 Restrictive clauses in some of our contracts with physician partners may prohibit us from establishing new RBEs within certain geographies in the future, and as a result may limit our growth. 
 Most of our contracts with our physician partners include restrictive provisions that, among other things, preclude us from establishing new RBEs within certain geographies in the future. These restrictive provisions typically preclude us or our RBEs from contracting to provide a Total Care Model in specific geographic areas other than through the relevant RBE, and in certain circumstances may limit the providers with which the RBE may contract. Any contracts with restrictive provisions may limit our ability to conduct business with certain potential partners, including partnering with or providing services to other physicians or purchasing services from other physicians within certain time periods, and in certain regions. Accordingly, these restrictive provisions may limit growth and prevent us from entering into long-term relationships with potential partners and could cause our business, financial condition, cash flows, and results of operations to be harmed. 
 Exclusivity provisions in some of our agreements with physician partners could subject us to investigations or litigation. 
 Most of our contracts with our physician partners contain restrictive provisions that preclude our physician partners from providing specified services for the duration of our contracts. Such provisions could be the subject of investigations and enforcement actions by regulatory authorities and litigation by payors or physicians operating in the geographic areas where such contracts exist. Any such investigations, enforcement actions or litigation could require us to take actions that would adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows, and results of operations or could require us to pay substantial amounts of money. Additionally, defending against these lawsuits and proceedings may involve significant expense and diversion of management s attention and resources from other matters. 
 We rely on our management team and key employees and our business, financial condition, cash flows, and results of operations could be harmed if we are unable to retain qualified personnel. 
 Our success depends, in part, on the skills, working relationships and continued services of our senior management team and other key personnel. All of our employees are at-will employees or have offer letters or employment agreements that allow their employment to be terminated by us or them at any time, for any reason and without notice, subject, in certain cases, to severance payment rights. In order to retain and motivate valuable employees, in addition to salary and cash incentives, we provide stock options and restricted stock units that either vest over time or are based on the performance against predetermined financial targets. The value to employees of these stock options is significantly affected by movements in our stock price that are substantially outside our control. The compensation and benefits we provide to our employees, together with the value of stock options and restricted 
 29 
 
 Table of Contents 
 stock units that we have granted, may at any time be insufficient to counteract offers from other organizations. The departure of key personnel could adversely affect the conduct of our business, financial condition, cash flows, and results of operations. In such event, we would be required to hire other personnel to manage and operate our business, and we may not be able to employ a suitable replacement for the departing individual at favorable terms, or at all. 
 Competition for qualified personnel in our field is intense due to the limited number of individuals who possess the skills and experience required by our industry, particularly with respect to a Total Care Model. As a result, as we enter new geographies, it may be difficult for us to hire additional qualified personnel with the necessary skills to work in such geographies. If our hiring efforts in new or existing geographies are not successful, our business will be harmed. In addition, we have experienced employee turnover and expect to continue to experience employee turnover in the future. Continued increased competition for, or a shortage of, qualified personnel due to pandemics, general labor market conditions, low levels of unemployment, or general inflationary pressures, may require that we enhance our pay and benefits package to compete effectively for such personnel. We may not be able to retain our current key personnel or attract, train, integrate, or retain other highly skilled personnel in the future. New hires require significant training and, in most cases, take significant time before they achieve full productivity. New employees may not become as productive as we expect, and we may be unable to hire or retain sufficient numbers of qualified individuals. If our retention efforts are not successful or our employee turnover rate increases in the future, our business, financial condition, cash flows, and results of operations will be harmed. 
 We may never realize the full value of our intangible assets, which could cause us to record impairments that may negatively affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 We have a significant amount of intangible assets on our balance sheet, and we may never realize the full value of such assets. In addition to our annual goodwill impairment test in the fourth quarter, our intangible assets, including goodwill, are subject to impairment tests when events or circumstances indicate that the carrying value of the asset, or related group of assets, may not be recoverable. There are several factors that may be considered a change in circumstances indicating that the carrying value of our intangible assets, including goodwill may not be recoverable, including macroeconomic conditions, industry considerations, our overall financial performance (including an analysis of our current and projected cash flows), revenue and earnings, a sustained decrease in our share price and other relevant entity-specific events (including changes in strategy, physicians, members or litigation). Where the carrying value of the asset, or related group of assets, is not recoverable, we would record an impairment charge that may negatively impact our financial condition and results of operations. Any future impairments could be significant and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows, and results of operations. 
 Security breaches, cybersecurity attacks, loss of data and other disruptions to our data platforms could compromise sensitive information related to our business and expose us to liability, which could adversely affect our operations, financial condition, cash flows and results of operation. 
 In the ordinary course of our business, we collect, store, use and disclose sensitive data, including what the law defines as PHI and other types of personal or identifying information. Our member information is encrypted but not always de-identified. We manage and maintain our business and data through a combination of data center systems and cloud-based computing center systems. 
 We are highly dependent on information technology networks and systems, including the internet, to securely process, transmit and store this information. We utilize third-party service providers for important aspects of the collection, storage and transmission of PHI and other sensitive information and, therefore, we may be unable to control the use of such information or the security protections employed by such third parties. The security of our technology platform and other aspects of our services, including those provided or facilitated by our third-party service providers, is important to our operations and business strategy because of the sensitivity of the PHI and other confidential information we and our providers collect, store, process and transmit. Our information technology and infrastructure, and that of our third-party service providers, may be vulnerable to various forms of attacks by hackers or to viruses, other technical failures or breaches due to third-party action, or due to employee and contractor negligence, error or malfeasance. We may also experience cybersecurity and other breach incidents that may remain undetected for an extended period of time. Because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access or to otherwise disrupt computer systems change frequently and generally are not identified until they are launched against a target, we or our third-party service providers may be unable to implement adequate preventative measures or effectively respond to breaches 
 30 
 
 Table of Contents 
 in a timely fashion. Examples of currently known data security threats facing us and our third-party service providers include ransomware, phishing, business email compromise and credential stuffing. The risk of cyberattacks has also increased and will continue to increase in connection with Russia s invasion of Ukraine. In light of the Ukraine war and other geopolitical events and dynamics, including ongoing tensions with North Korea, Iran and other states, state-sponsored parties or their supporters may launch retaliatory cyberattacks, and may attempt to cause supply chain disruptions, or carry out other geopolitically motivated retaliatory actions that may adversely disrupt or degrade our operations and may result in data compromise. State-sponsored parties have, and will continue, to conduct cyberattacks to achieve their goals that may include espionage, monetary gain, disruption, and destruction. To accomplish their goals, state-sponsored parties and other cyber criminals have used, and may continue to use, various attack vectors and methods as discussed above. 
 We, like most companies today, are subject to cybersecurity attacks and may experience cybersecurity incidents in the future. Such breaches of our infrastructure or information, or that of our third-party providers, whether as a result of physical break-ins, computer viruses, cyberattacks, or employee or contractor error, negligence or malfeasance, can create system disruptions, shutdowns or unauthorized disclosure or modification of sensitive information, including PHI. As a result, such data security breaches could result in the loss of data or inappropriate use of information. Any interruption in access to member information, unauthorized access to information, improper disclosure or other loss of information could also result in federal or state government investigations and liability under laws and regulations that protect the privacy of member information, such as HIPAA, potentially resulting in damages and regulatory penalties. See Business Healthcare and Other Applicable Regulatory Matters Federal and State Privacy and Security Requirements in Item 1 above. Sustained or repeated system failures could damage our reputation and reduce the attractiveness of our platform, partnership and network model to members and physician partners, possibly resulting in contract terminations and reductions in revenue. Additionally, the detection, prevention and remediation of known or unknown security vulnerabilities, including those arising from third-party hardware or software, may result in additional material direct or indirect costs. 
 Any or all of these issues could adversely affect our ability to attract new physician partners and members, cause existing physician partners to fail to renew their agreements with us, cause existing members to disenroll or switch their coverage to non-contracted payors and result in reputational damage. Our general liability or data security insurance policies may not be adequate to cover all potential claims to which we are exposed and may not be adequate to indemnify us for the liability that may be imposed or the losses associated with such events, and in any case, such insurance may not cover all of the specific costs, expenses and losses we could incur in responding to and remediating a security breach. 
 If we are unable to protect the confidentiality of our know-how and other proprietary and internally developed information, our operations could be adversely affected. 
 Our business depends on internally developed information, including our databases, confidential information and know-how, the protection of which is crucial to the success of our business. We may not be able to protect our know-how and other internally developed information, including clinical and analytical outcomes generated from data we collect from physician partners, payors and other relevant sources. Our physician partners, employees, consultants and other parties (including independent contractors and companies with which we conduct business) may unintentionally or willfully disclose our information to competitors. Enforcing a claim that a third party illegally disclosed or obtained and is using any of our internally developed information is difficult, expensive and time-consuming, and the outcome is unpredictable. In addition, courts outside the United States are sometimes less willing to protect know-how and other proprietary information. We rely, in part, on non-disclosure or confidentiality agreements with our physician partners, independent contractors, consultants and companies with which we conduct business to protect our know-how and internally developed information. These agreements may not be self-executing, or they may be breached and we may not have adequate remedies for such breach. Moreover, third parties may independently develop similar or equivalent proprietary information or otherwise gain access to our know-how and other internally developed information. Our failure to protect the confidentiality of our know-how and other proprietary and internally developed information could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows, and results of operations. 
 31 
 
 Table of Contents 
 We may be responsible for certain liabilities in connection with the disposition of our California Operations. 
 In February 2021, we completed the divestiture of our California Operations. We will continue to be responsible for any liabilities arising from the business that were incurred prior to the closing date of the transaction, including the payment of claims for medical services incurred prior to the effective date of each transaction, a liability for unrecognized tax benefits for which we are indemnified and other contingent liabilities that we currently believe are remote. See Note 20. Discontinued Operations in our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this report. We may not be successful in managing the risks associated with the divestiture of our California operations. 
 Our subsidiaries lack of performance or ability to fund their operations could require us to fund such losses. 
 If our subsidiaries suffer losses due to their lack of performance, our physician partners failure to perform under their contracts or other reasons, we may be required to fund such losses or our subsidiaries may breach their payor contracts or incur regulatory consequences. We have in the past chosen to or been required to, and may in the future choose to or be required to, fund our subsidiaries losses. If unfunded, such losses have in the past, and could in the future, result in substantial doubt related to such subsidiary s ability to continue operating as a going concern, and the contractual and regulatory consequences of such failure could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows, and results of operations. 
 Risks Related to Our Reliance on Third Parties 
 We are economically dependent on maintaining our contracts with a limited number of key payors. 
 We contract with a limited number of key payors, and we are economically dependent on maintaining our contracts with such payors. See Note 3. Concentration of Credit Risk in our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this report. As a result, our key payors may have increased bargaining power, and we may be required to accept less favorable contractual terms with them. Because we rely on a limited number of payors for a significant portion of our revenue, we depend on their creditworthiness. Our payors are subject to a number of risks including reductions in payment rates from governmental programs, higher than expected healthcare costs and lack of predictability of financial results when entering into new lines of business, particularly with high-risk populations. If the financial condition of our payors declines, our credit risk could increase. Should one or more of our significant payors declare bankruptcy, be declared insolvent or otherwise be restricted by state or federal laws or regulation from continuing in some or all of their operations, such payor may be unable to reimburse us for expenses incurred in managing patient care, and the members such payor attributes to our platform could transition to another payor who is not on our platform, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows, and results of operations. Future consolidation of payors in the healthcare industry could reduce the number of payors even further, increasing these risks. 
 Our contracts with our payors are for limited terms and may not be renewed upon their expiration. 
 Our contracts with payors generally have terms of one to three years and are typically renewed for one-year periods unless terminated in accordance with the terms of such agreements. In the ordinary course of business, we engage in active discussions and renegotiations with our payors in respect of the services we collectively provide and the terms of our payor agreements. As our payors businesses respond to market dynamics and financial pressures, and as our payors make strategic business decisions in respect of the lines of business they pursue and programs in which they participate, certain of our payors have sought, and we expect that in the future additional payors will, from time to time, seek to renegotiate or terminate their contracts with us. These negotiations could result in reductions to the economic terms and changes to the scope of services contemplated by our existing payor contracts and consequently could negatively impact our revenues, business and prospects and render our assumptions, estimates and reserves inaccurate. If any of our contracts with our payors is terminated, we may experience a reduction in the number of members attributed to our platform, which may result in a reduction of our revenues and may have a material adverse effect on our business. We have in the past, with respect to certain of our discontinued operations, and may in the future, recognize impairment charges for such terminations. 
 32 
 
 Table of Contents 
 If a payor does terminate or elects not to renew its relationship with us, our ability to retain members associated with that payor is limited. We and our physician partners must comply with the CMS Medicare Marketing Guidelines regarding communication and information provided to members, which limits the types of permissible communications that may be made to members. In addition, in Ohio, we are contractually prohibited from forming our own health plan, which effectively prohibits us from directly marketing to members in accordance with the CMS Medicare Marketing Guidelines. 
 Additionally, if a payor with which we contract for these services loses its Medicare contract or CMS decides to discontinue its MA or commercial plans, decides to contract with another company to provide capitated care services to its members or decides to directly provide care, our contract with that payor could be at risk and we could lose revenue. Additionally, payors with whom we currently contract in a particular geography may not maintain their government-awarded contracts in future years. Moreover, our inability to maintain our agreements with payors, in particular with key payors such as Humana, Aetna and United Healthcare, with respect to their MA members or to negotiate favorable terms for those agreements in the future, could result in the loss of patients and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows, and results of operations. 
 We rely on our payors for membership attribution and assignment, data and reporting accuracy and claims payment. 
 We rely on our payors for membership attribution and assignment, data and reporting accuracy and claims payment, and if our payors do not adequately fulfill these functions, fewer members may be attributed to our platform or we may not receive complete and accurate information necessary to effectively manage our business. We receive payments from payors based on the number of assigned or attributed members participating in Medicare, which can be based upon complex attribution algorithms provided by our payors that may not be accurate. Additionally, payors may choose to assign specific member populations to specialty risk-bearing organizations, which would decrease the number of members attributed to us. We may not be reimbursed for members that payors fail to assign or attribute to us, which could result in lost margin and disruption to member care. Such a failure could materially reduce our revenues and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows, and results of operations. 
 Payors also regularly provide us an array of data associated with patients attributed to our physician partners, including information related to revenue and risk adjustment factors for our members, and details associated with amounts paid by payors for medical services rendered to our members. To the extent a payor does not provide us with complete or accurate data sets related to our members, or if we are unable to effectively ingest the information that payors provide to us, we and our physician partners may not be able to effectively ensure our members disease burdens are identified and may not be able to effectively operate our business. 
 In addition, we are exposed to various risks related to our incentive programs with our payors, including those in which the payor typically has not delegated claims payment services to us. If our payors do not timely and accurately process claims and reimburse us for all covered members, are unable to contract with providers at market-based rates, change their utilization management methodologies, or are unable to secure an adequate network of specialists, our business, financial condition, cash flows, and results of operations could be adversely impacted. 
 We are dependent on physician partners and other providers to effectively manage the quality and cost of care and perform obligations under payor contracts. 
 Our success depends upon our continued ability to collaborate with and expand a network of high-caliber physician partners who can provide high quality of care, improve clinical outcomes and effectively manage healthcare costs, which are key drivers of our profitability. While the precise terms of each relationship vary, we do not directly employ our physician partners. Accordingly, our physician partners could demand an increased payment arrangement or take other actions, or fail to take actions, that could result in higher medical costs, lower quality of care for our members, harm to our reputation or create difficulty meeting regulatory or other requirements. Likewise, our physician partners could take actions contrary to our instructions, requests, policies or objectives or applicable law, or could have economic or business interests or goals that are or become inconsistent with our own. Further, our physician partners may not engage with our platform to assist in improving overall quality of care and management of healthcare costs, which could produce results that are inconsistent with our estimates and financial models and negatively impact our growth. 
 33 
 
 Table of Contents 
 In addition to receiving care from our physician partners, our members also receive care from an array of hospitals, specialists and ancillary providers who typically contract directly with our payors. Similar to our physician partner relationships, we do not directly employ providers from whom our members receive care. As such, we cannot guarantee the quality and efficiency of services from such providers, over which we have no control. Members who receive poor quality healthcare from such providers may be dissatisfied with our physician partners, which would have a negative impact on member satisfaction and retention. Any of these consequences could adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We could also experience significant losses if the expenses incurred to deliver healthcare services to our attributed members exceed revenues we receive from payors in respect of our attributed members. Under a capitation contract, a payor typically prospectively pays periodic capitation payments representing a prospective budget from which our physician partnerships manage healthcare expenses on behalf of the population enrolled with that physician partnership. To manage total medical services expense, we rely on our physician partners ability to improve clinical outcomes, implement clinical initiatives to provide a better healthcare experience for our members and accurately and sufficiently document the risk profile of our members. While our contracts vary, generally, if the cost of medical care provided exceeds the corresponding capitation revenue we receive we may realize operating deficits, which are typically not capped, and could lead to substantial losses. 
 Difficulties in obtaining accurate and complete diagnosis data could have adverse consequences. 
 The accurate and complete coding and documentation of diagnosis data underlying our members existing disease conditions is important because our contracts with payors require the submission of complete and correct encounter data. Such data includes members medical information, as documented by physicians, other medical professionals and hospitals, and is used by payors to attribute membership and reimburse healthcare providers for the services rendered. The accurate and complete coding and documentation of diagnosis is also important because the CMS risk adjustment model adjusts reimbursement for members with existing qualifying diagnoses. Additionally, in geographies in which payors adjudicate claim payments to the provider network, we rely on providers to submit accurate diagnosis information and other encounter data to payors. To the extent we or providers in our network fail to submit diagnosis data underlying our members existing disease condition, we may receive less medical services revenue than is necessary to provide healthcare services for such members. Furthermore, we project our medical services revenue in part based upon the data submitted and expected to be submitted to CMS. Failure by us or our provider network to submit complete and accurate diagnosis information or encounter data may result in inaccuracies in our projections of medical services revenue, or in other estimation processes. We may be held liable for inaccuracies or deficiencies in the submitted encounter data and potentially could be subject to financial penalties imposed by government authorities and breach of contract claims by payors. We have experienced, and may in the future experience, challenges in obtaining complete and accurate encounter data due to difficulties with our internal compliance and monitoring systems receiving and processing data from multiple systems, with physicians and third-party vendors submitting claims in a timely fashion and in the proper format, and with payors properly recording and coordinating such submissions. We may not be successful in collecting accurate and complete encounter data, correcting inaccurate or incomplete encounter data and developing systems that allow us to receive and process data from multiple systems. Further, it may be prohibitively expensive or impossible for us to collect or reconstruct historical encounter data. 
 34 
 
 Table of Contents 
 We depend on physician partners to accurately, timely and sufficiently document their services, and their failure to do so could result in nonpayment for services rendered or allegations of fraud. If any diagnosis information or encounter data are inaccurate or incorrect, claims or encounter data submissions to payors may not be compliant, resulting in potential overpayments, possible recoupments and liability under the federal False Claims Act or through RADV audits. 
 Our revenue will be negatively impacted if our physician partners or our network providers, including hospitals and specialist physicians, fail to accurately, timely and sufficiently document their services or if our internal compliance and monitoring programs fail to ensure that documentation is complete, timely and accurate. We rely upon physician partners to accurately, timely and sufficiently complete medical record documentation and assign appropriate reimbursement codes for their services. We also rely on our internal compliance and monitoring systems to ensure that documentation is complete, timely and accurate. However, we do not directly employ or control our physician partners, and accordingly any adverse effects on us regarding their noncompliance with documentation requirements are uncertain and unpredictable. Reimbursement is conditioned upon, in part, physician partners providing the correct procedure and diagnosis codes and properly documenting the services themselves, including the level of service provided and the medical necessity for the services. If our affiliated physicians have provided incorrect or incomplete documentation or selected inaccurate reimbursement codes, or if our internal compliance and monitoring procedures to ensure complete, timely and accurate submission of data are ineffective, this could result in nonpayment for services rendered or lead to allegations of billing fraud. See Business Healthcare and Other Applicable Regulatory Matters Health Care Fraud Statute. 
 In addition, CMS and the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services HHS Office of Inspector General perform audits of selected MA contracts related to risk adjustment diagnosis data. In these Risk-Adjustment Data Validation Audits RADV audits ), the government reviews medical records to determine whether physician medical record documentation and coding practices are compliant, which can result in the recovery of payments from managed care organizations if errors are identified and influence the calculation of premium payments by CMS to MA plans. Disclosure of any adverse investigation or audit results or sanctions could negatively affect our reputation and make it more difficult to attract members, physician partners and payors. Additionally, exception rates of existing documentation identified through a RADV audit may be extrapolated to an overall population of members attributed to a payor, which may result in a reduction of our revenues. 
 The DOJ has brought a number of investigations and actions under the federal False Claims Act against both physicians and payors, including MA plans, for alleged falsification of diagnosis codes under the risk-adjustment methodology. The Medicare Risk Adjustment Factor RAF scores attributable to members determine, in part, the revenue to which health plans and, in turn, we are entitled for the provision of medical care to such members. The data submitted to CMS by each health plan is based, in part, on medical charts and diagnosis codes submitted to health plans. Each health plan generally relies on us and our physician partners to maintain accurate medical records and appropriately document clinical diagnoses associated with medical services provided to members. If our physician partners have provided incorrect or incomplete documentation or selected inaccurate reimbursement codes, or if our internal compliance and monitoring systems fail to ensure that documentation is complete and accurate, we could be subject to potential civil and criminal penalties, including exclusion from government healthcare programs, such as Medicare, that constitute a substantial percentage of our total revenues. Furthermore, in some proceedings involving MA plans, there have been allegations that certain financial arrangements with providers violate other fraud and abuse laws, such as the federal Anti-Kickback Statute. While we believe that our data recordation practices and relationships with providers comply with applicable laws and regulations, such arrangements may be subject to audits, reviews and investigation, which may result in substantial costs and may divert management s attention and resources. 
 A health plan may seek repayment from us should CMS make any payment adjustments as a result of its audits or hold us liable for any penalties owed to CMS for inaccurate or unsupportable RAF scores provided by us or our affiliated physicians. We could, further, be liable for substantial penalties to the government under the False Claims Act for each false claim, plus up to three times the amount of damages caused by each false claim, which can be as much as the amounts received directly or indirectly from the government for each such false claim. 
 In addition, payors may disallow, in whole or in part, requests for reimbursement based on determinations that certain amounts are not covered, services provided were not medically necessary, or supporting documentation was 
 35 
 
 Table of Contents 
 not adequate. Retroactive adjustments may change amounts realized from payors and result in recoupments or refund demands, affecting revenue already received. 
 Any of these consequences of inaccurate data recordation could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition cash flows and results of operations. Furthermore, a health plan may be randomly selected or targeted for review by CMS and the outcome of such a review may result in a material adjustment in our revenue and profitability, even if the information we submitted to the plan is accurate and supportable. 
 We rely on third-party software and data to operate our business and provide services to our members and physician partners, and any restrictions on our use of, or ability to license, such third-party resources could adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows, and results of operations. 
 We rely on software licensed from third parties, as well as data received from third parties, including government agencies, in order to operate our business. These licenses are generally commercially available on varying terms. It is possible that the licenses and rights necessary to use the software and data necessary for the provision of our services may not continue to be available on commercially reasonable terms, or at all, or that our use of such software or data may be restricted. Our suppliers of data may increase restrictions on our use of such data, fail to adhere to our quality-control standards or otherwise satisfactorily perform services or otherwise change the terms upon which we can access such data. Any loss of the right to use or receive any of this software or data could significantly increase our expenses and otherwise result in delays in the provision of our services until supplemental data is able to be obtained, or equivalent technology is either developed by us, or, if available from another source, is identified, obtained and integrated. In the future, we may need to obtain additional licenses from third parties in connection with our growth into new geographies or provision of new or supplemental services, and such additional licenses may not be available on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. 
 Furthermore, our use of additional or alternative third-party software or data requires us to enter into license agreements with third parties, and integration of new third-party software may require significant work and require substantial investment of our time and resources. Also, the software we license is complex and may contain errors or failures that are not detected until after the software is introduced or updated and new versions are released. In addition, it is possible that hardware failures or errors in the third-party software we use could result in data loss or corruption or cause the information to be incomplete or contain inaccuracies. Any undetected errors, defects or corruption in third-party software or data could prevent the deployment or impair the functionality of our software, delay new updates or enhancements to our services, result in a failure of our services and injure our reputation. We have limited control over such third-party providers, and these third parties may not continue to invest the appropriate levels of resources to maintain and enhance the capabilities of their software, continue to collect and disseminate relevant data, or even remain in business. Integration of software provided by various third parties is also less reliable than an owned, fully integrated network, which we do not have. Any failure or interruption in the services provided by these third parties could negatively impact our ability to operate, relationships with members and physician partners and adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows, and results of operations. 
 36 
 
 Table of Contents 
 We rely on third-party internet infrastructure and bandwidth providers for our operations, and any failure or interruption in the services provided by these third parties could negatively impact our ability to operate and our relationships with members and physician partners and adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows, and results of operations. 
 Our ability to aggregate and evaluate member, physician partner, payor and other relevant data to facilitate our operations, including to process and adjudicate claims payments, provide data analytics and store data, depends on the development and maintenance by third parties of the internet infrastructure we use to operate our business. We rely on internal systems as well as third-party bandwidth and telecommunications equipment providers and other service providers to maintain and operate our internet-based services. This includes maintenance of a reliable network backbone with the necessary speed, data capacity, bandwidth capacity and security. Our services are designed to operate without interruption. However, we may experience future interruptions and delays in services and availability from time to time. In the event of an interruption or a catastrophic event with respect to one or more of the systems we use, we may experience an extended period of system unavailability, which could negatively impact our relationship with members, physician partners and payors. To operate without interruption, both we and our service providers must guard against: 
 damage from fire, power loss, natural disasters and other events outside our control; 

communications failures; 

software and hardware errors, failures and crashes; 

data security breaches, ransomware attacks, computer viruses, hacking, denial-of-service attacks and similar disruptions; and 

other potential interruptions. 

If any of the foregoing occur, our reputation, operations and financial results may be materially adversely impacted. Further, any failure of or by the systems we use to handle the volume of use, either by us or others on such systems, or any increased volume of use, could significantly harm our business. We have limited control over our third-party internet infrastructure and bandwidth providers, and, as a result, limited ability to independently address problems with services they provide. Any errors, failures, interruptions or delays experienced in connection with these providers services could negatively impact our relationships with members, physician partners or payors. 
 Risks Related to Our Industry and Government Programs 
 Consolidation in the healthcare industry could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows, and results of operations. 
 Many healthcare industry participants, including physician groups and payors, are consolidating to create larger and more integrated healthcare delivery systems with greater bargaining power, given their market share. We expect regulatory and economic conditions to result in additional consolidation. Physician groups or payors that have consolidated and are not already part of our network may try to use their increased bargaining power to negotiate better terms upon which to join our network. Consolidation may also result in the acquisition or future development by our partners or unaffiliated third parties of products and services that compete with us. Finally, consolidation may result in physician groups merging with, or being acquired by, each other or by health plans or other types of providers such as hospitals, and such groups may not have a need for our services which could reduce our market opportunity. Any of these potential results of consolidation could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows, and results of operations. 
 Substantially all of our total revenues relate to federal government healthcare programs, and reductions in their reimbursement rate or methodology applied to derive reimbursement, or discontinuation of such healthcare programs, would adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows, and results of operations. 
 Substantially all of our total revenues relate to federal government healthcare coverage programs. The MA program accounted for substantially all of our revenues for our immediately preceding fiscal years. Additionally, we 
 37 
 
 Table of Contents 
 began participating in the Direct Contracting Model in April 2021. While the DCE s are not consolidated, they still have an impact on our profitability. 
 Additionally, in February 2022, the CMS Innovation Center announced that it is redesigning the Direct Contracting model and renaming it the ACO REACH Model. The CMS Innovation Center concurrently introduced a Request for Applications RFA for a new cohort to begin the model on January 1, 2023, and it announced that all current Direct Contracting model participants that meet ACO REACH requirements would be permitted to continue participating in the ACO REACH model as ACOs. The ACO REACH requirements outlined thus far include the development and implementation of a robust health equity plan to identify and better serve underserved communities; the requirement that at least 75 control of each ACO's governing body be held by participating providers or their designated representatives (compared to 25 during the first two Performance Years of the Direct Contracting model); and the requirement that there be at least two beneficiary advocates on the governing board (at least one Medicare beneficiary and at least one consumer advocate), both of whom must hold voting rights. We began our participation in the ACO REACH Model in January 2023, and these new requirements have not had a material impact on our current or future participation in this program, or inhibited our ability to continue and grow our participation in the model. In addition, the CMS Innovation Center announced that ACO REACH would include technical adjustments to the model s parameters, including changes to benchmark calculations. The overall effect of these changes has been minimal thus far. 
 The policies and decisions made by the federal government regarding these programs have a substantial impact on our profitability. We cannot predict changes to these programs, and we may be unable to adapt our business to such changes, either at all or in relation to our competitors. 
 On an annual basis, CMS issues a final rule to establish the MA county-level benchmark payment rates for the following calendar year. Rates we receive from payors may be reduced as a result of annual reimbursement changes, changes to the risk-adjustment methodology (including revisions to the FFS normalization rate, coding intensity adjustment or other elements of the methodology) for the services we provide or other changes to the CMS reimbursement model. Any reductions in rates that we receive from payors could have a significant adverse impact on our revenue and financial results. We cannot predict the nature of future changes. The final impact of the MA rates can vary from any estimate we may have and may be further impacted by the relative growth of our MA patient volumes across markets as well as by the benefit plan designs submitted by the health plans. It is possible that we may underestimate the impact of the changes in MA rates on our business, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows, and results of operations. In addition, our MA revenues may continue to be volatile in the future, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, cash flows, and results of operations. The rates we or our payors pay to physician partners are generally based on the Medicare FFS schedule, which is subject to change and outside our control. Increases in the Medicare FFS schedule could cause us or our payors to modify our physician partner reimbursement methodology in ways that we cannot predict, which would result in increases to our medical services expenses. 
 There are sometimes wide variations in the established reimbursement rates per member as a result of, among other things, members risk status, acuity levels and age, plan benefit design and geography. As the composition of our membership base changes, due to programmatic, competitive, regulatory, benefit design, economic or other changes, there is a corresponding change to our premium revenue, costs and margins, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows, and results of operations. 
 The financial aspects of the ACO REACH Model are set forth in an agreement between the ACO and CMS. CMS has the right to amend the agreement without the consent of the DCE for good cause or as necessary to comply with applicable federal or state law, regulatory requirements, accreditation standards or licensing guidelines or rules. We cannot predict whether CMS will amend such agreements and, if CMS amends such agreements, the impact such amendments may have on the financial aspects of our participation in the model, including, but not limited to, risk adjustment models used to set benchmarks, the rate book, capitation payment mechanisms and the calculation of shared savings and losses. Furthermore, changes to Medicare (including the ACO REACH Model) or MA, such as if CMS were to scale back models or cut MA payments, could have a significant adverse impact on our membership levels, revenue and financial results. Changes in individual plan dynamics, such as changes in benefits provided by the payors, premiums charged by the payors or our payors STAR ratings, could also adversely impact us. 
 38 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Uncertain or adverse economic conditions, including a downturn or decrease in government expenditures, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows, and results of operations. 
 Historically, government budget limitations have resulted in reduced spending. The existing federal deficit and continued deficit spending by the federal government and significant economic pressure on state budgets have the potential to lead to reduced government expenditures, including for government-funded programs in which we participate such as Medicare. Any sustained failure to identify and respond to these trends could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows, and results of operations. 
 Unfavorable economic conditions could also impact enrollment in MA plans with our payors, cause our payors to change the benefits structure that is offered to our members or weaken our ability to raise additional capital on acceptable terms. For example, unfavorable economic conditions could cause our payors to reduce the benefits that are offered to our members and could result in the cancellation by certain members of our payors products and services, which would reduce our overall membership, premiums and fee revenues. Any reduction in membership, premiums or fee revenues would, in turn, adversely affect the financial position of physician practice groups. 
 We operate in a competitive industry, and if we are not able to compete effectively, our business, financial condition, cash flows, and results of operations will be harmed. 
 Our industry is competitive and we expect it to attract increased competition, which could make it difficult for us to succeed. We currently face competition in various aspects of our business, including in offering a favorable reimbursement structure for physician partners and potential physician partners and attracting payors and physician partners who are not contracted with us, from a range of companies that provide a Total Care Model under different care models that could attract patients, providers and payors, including hospitals, managed service organizations and provider networks and data analysis consultants. Further, individual physicians who are contracted within our network may affiliate with our competitors. Competition from hospitals, managed service organizations and provider networks and data analysis consultants, payors and other parties could result in payors changing the benefit structure that is offered to our members, which could negatively impact our profitability and market share. 
 Our primary competitors include ChenMed, Oak Street Health, Optum and VillageMD, in addition to numerous local provider networks, hospitals and health systems. Moreover, large, well-financed payors have in some cases developed their own managed services tools and may provide these services to their physicians and patients at discounted prices, or may seek to expand their relationships with additional competing physicians or physician networks, including in geographic areas we serve. This may result in a more competitive environment and increased challenges to grow at the rates we have projected. We expect that competition will continue to increase as a result of consolidation in the healthcare industry and increased demand for a Total Care Model. 
 Some of our competitors may have greater name recognition, particularly in local geographies, longer operating histories, superior products or services and significantly greater resources than we do. Further, our current or potential competitors may be acquired by or partner with third parties with greater available resources than we have. As a result, our competitors may be able to respond more quickly and effectively than we can to new or changing opportunities, technologies, standards or customer requirements and may have the ability to initiate or withstand substantial benefits structure and premium competition. In addition, current and potential competitors have established, and may in the future establish, cooperative relationships with providers of complementary services, technologies or services to increase the attractiveness of their services. 
 Accordingly, new competitors or alliances may emerge that have greater market share, a larger customer base, better data aggregation systems, greater marketing expertise, greater financial resources and larger marketing teams than we have, which could put us at a competitive disadvantage. Our competitors could also be better positioned to serve certain segments of the healthcare delivery industry, which could create additional pressure on the premiums that our payors are able to charge. If we are unable to successfully compete, our business, financial condition, cash flows, and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. 
 39 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Our compensation and reputation are dependent on government performance standards and benchmarks, some of which depend on factors outside our control. 
 We contract with payors that participate in government healthcare programs and, as a result, are required to satisfy certain conditions, performance standards and benchmarks which we may not be able to control. For example, as part of the ACA, the level of reimbursement each MA plan receives from CMS is dependent, in part, upon the quality rating of the plan. Such ratings impact the percentage of any cost savings rebate and any bonuses earned by such health plan. The CMS STAR rating system considers various measures, including, among others, quality of care, preventive services, chronic illness management and customer satisfaction. Agreements with certain of our payors may condition amounts paid to us based upon improvements to contracted payors STAR ratings. Certain flexibilities that allowed plans to score higher on STAR ratings to counteract financial pressures caused by the COVID-19 pandemic are no longer in effect. Further, the 2022 Proposed Rule sets forth several proposals that would, among other things, impact the STAR ratings program, including: (i) developing a health equity index to reward contracts that obtain a high measure-level score for the subset of enrollees with specified social risk factors, (ii) reducing the weight of patient experience/complaints and access measures, and (iii) removing select measures. If we are not eligible for quality bonuses or if we contract with payors who experience a reduction in their STAR ratings, we may experience a negative impact on our revenues, which could materially and adversely affect the marketability of our platform, partnership and network model to physicians, our membership levels and our business, financial condition, cash flows, and results of operations. Further, our payors STAR ratings are based on the services they provide to their overall contracted attributed membership in a defined geography. As a result, even if we effectively engage and manage our membership, changes in such payors STAR ratings are outside our control. Furthermore, CMS has terminated MA plans that have had a low-quality rating for three consecutive years. Low-quality ratings can potentially lead to the termination of certain plans with which we contract, or a shifting of beneficiaries to alternative plans with higher STAR ratings, which could in turn have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows, and results of operations. 
 Government funding for healthcare programs is subject to statutory and regulatory changes, administrative rulings, interpretations of policy and determinations by intermediaries and governmental funding restrictions, all of which could materially impact program coverage and reimbursements for both institutional and professional services. 
 The healthcare industry in the United States is undergoing significant structural change and is rapidly evolving. Such changes could ultimately result in substantial changes in Medicare coverage and reimbursement, as well as changes in coverage or amounts paid by private payors, which could have an adverse impact on our revenues from those sources. The frequent enactment of, changes to or interpretations of laws and regulations relating to healthcare could, among other things: force us to restructure our relationships with payors and physician partners within our network; require us to implement additional or different programs and systems; restrict revenue and member growth; increase our medical and administrative costs; impose additional capital and surplus requirements; increase or change our liability to members in the event of malpractice by our physician partners and potentially increase, or add new, criminal, civil and administrative penalties that could be imposed on us in the event our operations were found to be non-compliant with new or existing laws and regulations. In addition, changes in political party or administrations at the state or federal level may change the attitude towards healthcare programs and result in changes to the existing legislative or regulatory environment. 
 Government funding for healthcare programs is subject to statutory and regulatory changes, administrative rulings, interpretations of policy and determinations by intermediaries and governmental funding restrictions, all of which could materially impact program coverage and reimbursement levels. Various legislative, judicial and executive efforts have made the status of federal healthcare program funding and many other aspects of the U.S. healthcare system, particularly the status of reforms implemented under the ACA, unclear. Budget pressures often lead the federal government to reduce or impose limitations on reimbursement rates, which has in the past resulted, and could in the future result, in substantial reductions in our revenue and operating margins. 
 There is also uncertainty regarding both MA payment rates and beneficiary enrollment, which, if reduced, would adversely affect our overall revenues and net income. Each year, CMS issues a final rule to establish the MA benchmark payment rates for the following calendar year. Any reduction to such benchmark rates may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows, and results of operations. We may be further impacted 
 40 
 
 Table of Contents 
 by the relative growth of our MA patient volumes across geographies. However, MA enrollment may not continue to grow at the same rate it has over the last decade. Further, we may not capture a material portion of enrollments, particularly since MA enrollment is increasingly concentrated amongst a small group of payors. Uncertainty over MA payment rates and enrollment presents a continuing risk to our business, particularly in recent years, as MA payment rates have been subjected to increased scrutiny. We are unable to determine how any future federal spending cuts or other industry changes and reform will affect Medicare reimbursement and, accordingly, our business. There likely will continue to be legislative and regulatory proposals at the federal level directed at containing or lowering the cost of healthcare that, if adopted, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows, and results of operations. Our inability to keep pace with changes in government regulations and the healthcare industry could constrain our ability to grow and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows, and results of operations. 
 We are unable to determine how any future federal spending cuts or other industry changes and reform will affect Medicare reimbursement and, accordingly, our business. There likely will continue to be legislative and regulatory proposals at the federal level directed at containing or lowering the cost of healthcare that, if adopted, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows, and results of operations. Our inability to keep pace with changes in government regulations and the healthcare industry could constrain our ability to grow and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows, and results of operations. 
 Regulatory proposals directed at containing or lowering the cost of healthcare, including the Direct Contracting Model, and our participation, voluntary or otherwise, in such proposed models, could impact our business, financial condition, cash flows and operations. 
 The CMS Innovation Center continues to test an array of alternative payment models that could impact our business, financial condition, cash flows and operations. For example, the CMS Innovation Center has created the Direct Contracting Model to allow a variety of different organizations called DCEs to negotiate directly with the government to manage traditional Medicare beneficiaries and share in the savings and losses generated from managing such beneficiaries. We, in conjunction with some of our physician partners, began participating in the Direct Contracting Model in certain geographies in 2021. The Direct Contracting Model s economic structure, including risk adjustment methodologies, quality reporting and model timelines, has been built upon CMS experience with other programs, including MA and the Medicare Shared Savings Program, but also has new elements, such as a risk adjustment model developed specifically for use in the Direct Contracting Model. Likewise, the Direct Contracting Model rate book is based on the same methodology used for the MA rate book but has been modified in light of the characteristics of the Direct Contracting Model. Because the Direct Contracting Model is a new and evolving program, we are unable to determine how the Direct Contracting Model, or other alternative payment models promulgated by the CMS Innovation Center, will affect Medicare reimbursement and capitation benchmarks. For example, if the CMS Innovation Center fails to ensure the long-term predictability of revenue under the Direct Contracting Model, such reimbursement instability could adversely impact our business, financial condition, cash flows and operations. Additionally, if the CMS Innovation Center fails to streamline incentive program requirements for physicians across payment models, such conflicting requirements may impose additional compliance burdens on our affiliated physician partners practices, which may have a material adverse effect on process, quality and efficiency. 
 We are unable to predict how states will regulate DCEs and our participation in the Direct Contracting Model. For example, certain states in which we operate may require DCEs to obtain specific licensure to participate in the Direct Contracting Model and assume risk directly from CMS, which may require us to maintain certain levels of tangible net equity, meet working capital requirements, or expend significant resources on operational development. Alternatively, CMS may choose to limit additional new DCE entrants in future years to those who attend to underserved communities or are controlled by provider entities. 
 41 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Additionally, in February 2022, the CMS Innovation Center announced that it is redesigning the Direct Contracting model and renaming it the ACO REACH Model. The CMS Innovation Center concurrently introduced a RFA for a new cohort to begin the model on January 1, 2023, and it announced that all current Direct Contracting model participants that meet ACO REACH requirements would be permitted to continue participating in the ACO REACH model as ACOs. The ACO REACH requirements outlined thus far include the development and implementation of a robust health equity plan to identify and better serve underserved communities; the requirement that at least 75 control of each ACO's governing body be held by participating providers or their designated representatives (compared to 25 during the first two Performance Years of the Direct Contracting model); and the requirement that there be at least two beneficiary advocates on the governing board (at least one Medicare beneficiary and at least one consumer advocate), both of whom must hold voting rights. We began our participation in the ACO REACH Model in January 2023, and these new requirements have not had a material impact on our current or future participation in this program, or inhibited our ability to continue and grow our participation in the model. In addition, the CMS Innovation Center announced that ACO REACH would include technical adjustments to the model s parameters, including changes to benchmark calculations. The overall effect of these changes has been minimal thus far. 
 There likely will continue to be regulatory proposals directed at containing or lowering the cost of healthcare that, if adopted, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows, and results of operations, including with respect to our contractual relationships with providers and payors. 
 We, as well as our physician partners and affiliates, have in the past, and could in the future, be subject to federal and state investigations, audits and enforcement actions. 
 Expansion of federal, state and payor enforcement activity could adversely affect our business, financial condition , cash flows, and results of operations. Due to our payors participation in government and private healthcare programs, we are from time to time involved in inquiries, reviews, audits and investigations by governmental agencies and private payors of our business practices, including assessments of our compliance with coding, billing and documentation requirements and compliance with rules governing delegation of insurance functions, ranging from claims management to utilization review. In this regard, both federal and state government agencies have active civil and criminal enforcement efforts against healthcare companies and their executives and managers. These investigations could also be initiated by private whistleblowers. 
 Responding to audit and investigative activities can be costly and disruptive to our business, even when the allegations are without merit. If we are subject to an audit or investigation, a finding could be made that we have violated relevant state or federal legal standards in our operations or in how we have structured our arrangements and relationships or that we or our affiliates have erroneously billed or were incorrectly reimbursed. At the conclusion of such audits or investigations, we may be required to repay such agencies or payors, and may be subjected to pre-payment reviews, which can be time-consuming and result in non-payment or delayed payments for the services we or our affiliates provide. We may also be subject to financial sanctions or required to modify our operations. 
 Investigations, audits or enforcement actions with respect to our physician partners could have an adverse effect on us. We do not directly employ or control our physician partners, and accordingly any adverse effects on us regarding such government activities are outside our control and are uncertain and unpredictable. 
 We may be subject to regulatory inquiries and corrective action plans imposed by our payors and may be required to contribute a material amount of risk-bearing capital to our local operating subsidiaries. 
 We may be subject to regulatory inquiries and corrective action plans imposed by our payors and we may be audited by payors and regulatory bodies. In some cases, payors and regulatory bodies have required us to contribute a material amount of risk-bearing capital to our local operating subsidiaries in the form of letters of credit or restricted deposits, and we expect that payors and regulatory bodies will continue to require us to contribute risk-bearing capital going forward. There is also a risk that such risk-bearing capital amounts may be increased in the future as a result of regulatory changes, changes in performance by our local operating subsidiaries and physician partners and expansion of our business. 
 42 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Repayment obligations arising out of payor audits, such as CMS RADV audits, can be significant and adversely impact reimbursement rates. 
 Our payors are subject to audit by government health plans, including, but not limited to, CMS, in connection with the MA program. CMS and the HHS Office of Inspector General perform RADV audits, which can result in the recovery of payments from managed care organizations if errors are identified and influence the calculation of premium payments by CMS to MA plans. In addition, certain of our payor contracts incorporate language that enables payors to recoup funding from us in the event that CMS requires payment under an RADV audit. As a result of such audits and contracts, our payors may demand recoupments or adjustments from us, bring recovery proceedings against us, require us to submit and implement corrective action plans, or terminate agreements with our physician partners. The results of RADV audits could also adversely impact the compensation we receive from payors, which could have a material adverse effect on our revenue. Disclosure of any adverse audit results could also negatively affect our reputation and make it more difficult to attract members, physician partners and payors. 
 CMS may modify the methodology utilized to determine revenue associated with MA members, including but not limited to the CMS Risk Adjustment Processing System for calculating risk adjustment factors, which could adversely impact us. 
 Changes to how CMS calculates revenues associated with MA members, as well as members risk adjustment factors under the MA program, could adversely impact our revenues or understate risk adjustment factors for our members, causing us to be underpaid relative to expenses incurred, especially for members with severe or chronic medical conditions. CMS is currently phasing in the process of calculating risk adjustment factors using diagnosis data from the Encounter Data System EDS rather than using diagnosis data from the CMS Risk Adjustment Processing System RAPS ). The RAPS process requires MA plans to apply a filter logic based on CMS guidelines and only submit diagnoses that satisfy those guidelines. Conversely, the EDS process requires MA plans to submit all encounter data, and CMS will apply the risk adjustment filtering logic to determine the risk adjustment factors. The phase-in from RAPS to EDS could result in different risk adjustment factors from each dataset as a result of plan processing issues, CMS processing issues and filtering logic differences between RAPS and EDS. Such changes in risk adjustment factors could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows, and results of operations. 
 CMS may annually adjust other components of the methodology utilized to determine revenues associated with MA members, including but not limited to the fee for service normalization factor, coding intensity adjustment or corridors utilized to determine calculations contributing to rebate amounts or STAR ratings. Such revisions could result in a reduction of our revenues. Our revenues could be further reduced by budget reconciliation bills, which could increase the MA coding intensity adjustment. 
 Negative publicity regarding the managed healthcare industry generally could adversely affect our results of operations or business. 
 Negative publicity regarding the managed healthcare industry generally, or the MA program in particular, may result in increased regulation and legislative review of industry practices that further increase our costs of doing business and adversely affect our results of operations or business by: 
 requiring us to change our platform and services; 

increasing the regulatory, including compliance, burdens under which we operate, which, in turn, may negatively impact the manner in which we provide services and increase our costs; 

adversely affecting our ability to market our services through the imposition of further regulatory restrictions regarding the manner in which plans market to MA enrollees; or 

adversely affecting our ability to attract and retain physician partners and have patients attributed to those physician partners. 

Legal and Regulatory Risks 
 43 
 
 Table of Contents 
 The healthcare industry is heavily regulated at the federal, state and local levels and government authorities may determine that we fail to comply with applicable laws or regulations and take actions against us. 
 As a company involved in the healthcare industry with substantially all of our revenue derived from government programs, our business activities are subject to substantial governmental regulation. There are significant costs involved in complying with these laws and regulations. If we are found to have violated any applicable laws or regulations, we could be subject to civil or criminal damages, fines, sanctions or penalties, including exclusion from participation in government healthcare programs, such as Medicare, and we may be required to change our method of operations and business strategy. These consequences could be the result of our prior or current conduct, and prior to existing physician partners joining our network. We have in the past incurred, and may in the future incur, significant costs to defend ourselves if we become the subject of an investigation or legal proceeding alleging a violation of these laws and regulations. A federal, state or local government could determine that we are not operating in accordance with the law. Further, it is unknown, whether, when or how the laws, or the interpretation thereof, will change in the future and impact our business, financial condition, cash flows, and results of operations. 
 In addition, some of the governmental and regulatory bodies that regulate us may consider enhanced or new regulatory requirements or may seek to exercise their supervisory or enforcement authority in new or more robust ways. Any of these possibilities, if they occur, could adversely affect us. 
 Our operations are subject to extensive federal, state and local government laws and regulations, such as: 
 Federal and state laws, and related regulations, including the CMPL, which impose civil and criminal liability on individuals or entities that knowingly submit false or fraudulent claims for payment, or knowingly make, or cause to be made, a false statement in order to have a false claim paid, including qui tam or whistleblower suits, and impose civil monetary penalties on entities that fail to disclose and repay known overpayments; 

Federal and state anti-kickback laws, and related regulations, which generally prohibit transactions intended to induce or reward referrals for items or services reimbursable by a federal healthcare program; 

Federal and state physician self-referral prohibition statutes, and related regulations, which generally prohibit physicians from referring a patient to an entity providing DHS if the physician (or his/her immediate family member) has a financial relationship with that entity; 

Provisions of, and regulations enacted pursuant to, HIPAA, as amended, HITECH, and the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009, as well as similar or more stringent state laws, regarding the collection, use and disclosure of health information; 

Provisions of, and regulations enacted pursuant to, the 21 st Century Cures Act, regarding interoperability and prohibitions against information blocking; 

Federal laws and regulations that require providers to enroll in the Medicare program before submitting any claims for services, to promptly report certain changes in operations to the agencies that administer these programs, and to re-enroll in these programs when changes in direct or indirect ownership occur or in response to revalidation requests from Medicare; 

Federal and state laws that govern managed care organizations, such as our payors, and downstream contracted entities, such as our RBEs, including laws governing timely payment of claims, quality assurance, utilization review, credentialing, financial solvency, downstream transfers of risk and payor-provider contractual relationships; 

State laws that govern the activities of third-party administrators and utilization review agents; and 

State laws that prohibit general business entities from practicing medicine, controlling physicians medical decisions or engaging in certain practices, such as splitting fees with physicians. 

These and other healthcare laws and regulations that may affect us are further described in Business Healthcare and Other Applicable Regulatory Matters in Item 1. 
 The laws and regulations applicable to our business are complex, changing and often subject to varying interpretations. As a result, we may not be able to adhere to all applicable laws and regulations. Any violation or 
 44 
 
 Table of Contents 
 alleged violation of any of these laws or regulations by us or our affiliates, or our physician partners or payors, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows, and results of operations. We may in the future be a party to various and material lawsuits, demands, claims, qui tam suits, government investigations and audits, of which any could result in, among other things, substantial financial penalties or awards against us, reputational harm, termination of relationships or contracts related to our business, mandated refunds, substantial payments made by us, required changes to our business practices, exclusion from future participation in Medicare and other healthcare programs and possible criminal penalties. 
 If we are found in violation of applicable laws or regulations, we could suffer severe consequences that would have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, cash flows, reputation and stock price, including: 
 suspension or termination of our participation in federal healthcare programs; 

criminal or civil liability, fines, damages or monetary penalties for violations of healthcare fraud and abuse laws, including the federal False Claims Act, CMPL, Anti-Kickback Statute and Stark Law; 

enforcement actions by governmental agencies or claims for monetary damages by patients under federal or state patient privacy laws, including HIPAA; 

enforcement actions by governmental agencies or monetary penalties for violations of the 21 st Century Cures Act; 

repayment of amounts received in violation of law or applicable payment program requirements, and related monetary penalties; 

mandated changes to our practices or procedures that materially increase operating expenses; 

imposition of corporate integrity agreements that could subject us to ongoing audits and reporting requirements as well as increased scrutiny of our billing and business practices; 

termination of various relationships or contracts related to our business; and 

harm to our reputation which could negatively affect our business relationships, decrease our ability to attract or retain patients and physicians, decrease access to new business opportunities and impact our ability to obtain financing, among other things. 

Responding to lawsuits and other proceedings as well as defending ourselves in such matters will continue to require management s attention and cause us to incur significant legal expense. It is also possible that criminal proceedings may be initiated against us or individuals in our business in connection with investigations by the federal government. 
 We rely on our physician partners to comply with certain laws or regulations, including licensure and certification requirements to provide healthcare services, operate facilities or administer pharmaceuticals in the states in which we conduct business, and billing and coding compliance with respect to the provision of services. Although we provide some high-level training, and, if needed, supplemented clinical or coding staff as appropriate, to ensure that all health conditions are assessed and sufficiently documented by our physician partners and network providers, and we perform audits on this process, we do not as a general matter supervise or control our physician partners or network providers; accordingly, any adverse effects on us regarding their noncompliance are uncertain and unpredictable. 
 45 
 
 Table of Contents 
 If our physician alignment strategies with our physician partners including the formation of risk and shared savings pools, making downstream payments and joint venture arrangements are not in compliance with the state and federal fraud and abuse laws, including physician incentive plan laws and regulations, we could be subject to penalties. 
 A central component of our clinical and operational strategy is to encourage alignment with our physician partners so as to incentivize them to increase the quality of care while appropriately managing overall costs and participate in various care management and care coordination programs. Such alignment is often achieved through the design of risk or other incentive pools, with gating quality metrics that participating physicians must first satisfy before being allowed to share in cost savings. In other instances, we may support the delivery of care through a number of means, such as the provision of additional capital to improve and enhance the delivery of quality of care and improve access to quality care or by entering into a joint venture with a physician partner and other healthcare entities. 
 All such arrangements can implicate, and must be structured to be in compliance with, all applicable federal and state fraud and abuse laws including the federal Anti-Kickback Statute and the Stark Law. See Business Healthcare and Other Applicable Regulatory Matters Federal and State Anti-Kickback Statutes and Business Healthcare and Other Applicable Regulatory Matters Stark Law in Item 1. 
 The laws and regulations are complex, and we may not be successful in structuring our arrangements in compliance with them. Should government regulatory or enforcement authorities find any arrangement to be out of compliance with such laws or regulations, then criminal, civil and administrative penalties could be imposed on us or on our physician partners and affiliated entities. 
 In addition, all such arrangements can implicate, and must be structured in compliance with, state and federal laws and regulations that prohibit payors and their downstream entities from linking physician incentives to reducing or limiting necessary medical services to patients. Violation of such laws or regulations can subject payors to significant civil monetary penalties, as well as possible sanctions, such as suspension of the payor s enrollment of patients, suspension of communication activities to potential patients and exclusion from government healthcare programs. Our failure to comply with these laws could cause us to be in breach of our agreements with payors, which could lead to significant financial penalties or termination of our contracts with payors, all of which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows, and results of operations. 
 Our business development and member engagement activities may implicate laws and regulations regarding marketing, beneficiary inducements, telemarketing and use of protected health information. 
 Medicare product marketing and sales activities are regulated by CMS and the states in which we operate. Medicare Managed Care marketing requirements are outlined in the Medicare Marketing Guidelines, a sub-regulatory guidance document updated annually. CMS has oversight over all MA marketing materials and outreach activities. To maintain appropriate beneficiary safeguards while not impeding the physician-patient relationship, the Medicare Marketing Guidelines set forth acceptable activities in the healthcare setting. For example, payors may not allow contracted physicians to accept/collect scope of appointment forms but may allow contracted physicians to make available communication materials regarding MA plans in areas where care is being delivered. Notably, CMS s 2022 Proposed Rule includes, among other things, significant new MA marketing requirements and modifications. CMS s proposals are a response to increased congressional and press attention to MA marketing practices, including a 2022 US Senate Finance Committee report that detailed deceptive marketing practices by MA plans; the report urged CMS to take action to protect Medicare beneficiaries. The 2022 Proposed Rule includes more than 20 distinct changes to the marketing regulations as well as broad-ranging proposals that address potentially misleading advertising. In addition, through our participation in the CMS Innovation Center Direct Contracting Model, we (either as a DCE or as a service provider to our physician partners who are participating in the model) must comply with provisions in the participation agreements with CMS regarding marketing and outreach activities. For example, DCEs must have their plans for marketing activities approved by CMS and are prohibited from engaging in some forms of marketing activities such as door-to-door solicitation. Similarly, state laws governing managed care organizations also address allowable marketing and enrollee communication practices. 
 Marketing and outreach activities undertaken in the healthcare industry whether undertaken by or on behalf of providers and payors are subject to a complex web of laws and regulations designed to prevent fraud and abuse. 
 46 
 
 Table of Contents 
 See Business Healthcare and Other Applicable Regulatory Matters Federal and State Anti-Kickback Statutes and Business Healthcare and Other Applicable Regulatory Matters Civil Monetary Penalties Statute in Item 1. Our physician partners and the payors with which we contract risk violating applicable state and federal fraud and abuse laws including the Anti-Kickback Statute and CMPL and laws governing marketing and member outreach (e.g., the Medicare Marketing Guidelines). Failure to comply with such laws can lead to severe penalties, including sanctions, fees, civil monetary penalties, imprisonment and exclusion from participation in federal healthcare programs. The imposition of such penalties against our physician partners or the payors with which we contract, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows, and results of operations. 
 Our business development and member engagement activities may implicate the TCPA, related Federal Communication Commission FCC orders and analogous state laws which impose significant restrictions on the ability to utilize telephone calls and text messages to mobile telephone numbers as a means of communication, when the prior consent of the person being contacted has not been obtained. See Business Healthcare and Other Applicable Regulatory Matters Consumer Protection Laws in Item 1. A determination that we, one of our affiliates, one of our vendors or one of our physician partners violated the TCPA or other communications-based statutes could expose us to significant damage awards that could, individually or in the aggregate, materially harm our business, financial condition, cash flows, and results of operations. 
 Certain failures by our physician partners to comply with these laws could have an adverse effect on us. We do not directly employ or control our physician partners, and accordingly any adverse effects on us regarding their noncompliance are uncertain and unpredictable. 
 These activities also implicate privacy laws, such as HIPAA and analogous state laws, which limit how we and our affiliates can use an individual s PHI in connection with marketing activities and member outreach activities. A violation of such laws could subject us to significant penalties. 
 Our physician partners are subject to federal and state healthcare fraud and abuse laws and regulations. 
 Our physician partners are subject to various federal and state laws pertaining to healthcare fraud and abuse, including, among others, the federal Anti-Kickback Statute, Stark Law and False Claims Act and analogous state laws. See Business Healthcare and Other Applicable Regulatory Matters in Item 1. Violations of these laws can occur under many different circumstances, including, for example, if a physician partner is engaging in prohibited financial and referral relationships with other physicians or providers; is improperly documenting and coding for services; is making prohibited internal referrals for certain services covered by the Stark Law or analogous state laws or is providing benefits to induce patients to self-refer. Depending on the circumstances, violations of these laws can be punishable by criminal and civil sanctions, including exclusion from participation in federal and state healthcare programs, as well as significant potential monetary liabilities. Should government authorities find that our physician partners have violated applicable law or regulations, our physician partners could be subject to criminal and civil penalties that could adversely affect our reputation and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows, and results of operations. 
 In addition, our physician partners are subject to federal, state and local licensing regulations relating to, among other things, professional credentialing, the ability to practice medicine, professional ethics and prescribing medication and controlled substances. See Business Healthcare and Other Applicable Regulatory Matters Other Laws and Regulations in Item 1. If our physician partners fail to obtain and maintain all necessary licenses, certifications, accreditations and other approvals and operate in compliance with applicable healthcare and other laws, their ability to provide medical services to members would be impaired. 
 Given our reliance on anchor physician practices in some geographies, such noncompliance could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows, and results of operations. We do not directly employ or control our physician partners, and accordingly any adverse effects on us regarding their noncompliance with laws and regulations are uncertain and unpredictable. 
 47 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Our use, disclosure and processing of personally identifiable information, PHI, and de-identified data is subject to HIPAA and state patient confidentiality laws, and our failure to comply with those regulations or to adequately secure the information we hold could result in significant liability or reputational harm and, in turn, cause a material adverse effect on our members and revenue. 
 Numerous state and federal laws and regulations govern the collection, dissemination, use, privacy, confidentiality, security, availability, integrity and other processing of PHI and, more broadly, personally identifiable information whether or not related to healthcare. These laws and regulations include HIPAA, as amended by the HITECH Act. HIPAA establishes a set of national privacy and security standards for the protection of PHI by health plans, healthcare clearinghouses and certain healthcare providers, referred to as covered entities, and the business associates with which such covered entities contract for services. Components of our business are considered covered entities under HIPAA and others are considered business associates of our healthcare partners and payors. 
 HIPAA requires covered entities and business associates to develop and maintain policies and procedures with respect to PHI that is used or disclosed, including the adoption of administrative, physical and technical safeguards to protect such information. HIPAA also implemented the use of standard transaction code sets and standard identifiers that covered entities must use when submitting or receiving certain electronic healthcare transactions, including activities associated with the billing and collection of healthcare claims. 
 In addition to federal regulations issued under HIPAA, some states have enacted their own data privacy and security statutes or regulations that govern the use and disclosure of a person s health information or records. Such state laws, if more stringent than HIPAA requirements, are not preempted by the federal requirements, and we are required to comply with them. See Business Healthcare and Other Applicable Regulatory Matters Federal and State Privacy and Security Requirements in Item 1. These and other laws and regulations affecting data security and data privacy are often uncertain, contradictory and subject to changing interpretations, and we expect new laws, rules and regulations regarding data privacy and information security to be proposed and enacted in the future. This complex, dynamic legal landscape creates significant compliance issues and potentially exposes us to expense, adverse publicity and liability. The regulatory framework for data privacy and security issues worldwide is evolving and is likely to remain in flux for the foreseeable future, so it is unclear how regulatory changes could impact our business or the costs of compliance, though the impacts and costs seem likely to increase. The general legal trend in the data privacy and security area is toward the broader adoption of more stringent laws and toward more aggressive enforcement. 
 The data privacy and security measures we have implemented may not adequately protect us from the risks associated with the storage and transmission of customer information and PHI. The security measures that we, and our third-party vendors and subcontractors, have in place to promote compliance with data privacy and data security laws may not protect our facilities and systems from data security breaches, acts of vandalism or theft, computer viruses, misplaced or lost data, programming and human errors, or other similar events. In the event that new data security laws are implemented, we may not be able to timely comply with such requirements, or such requirements may not be compatible with our current safeguards. Changing our safeguards could be time-consuming and expensive, and failure to timely implement required changes could subject us to liability for non-compliance. Under HIPAA, certain of our entities are directly liable for any data privacy and data security breaches that occur in our capacity as a covered entity. Under the HITECH Act, as business associates, our RBEs may also be directly liable under certain circumstances for data privacy and data security breaches and failures of our subcontractors. We from time-to-time experience security and privacy issues that require assessment of our duties and obligations under HIPAA, and we cannot guarantee that we will not face security or privacy breaches in the future. Additionally, the investigation and remediation of privacy breaches may result in additional material direct or indirect costs. 
 We incur substantial costs related to ordinary-course compliance with HIPAA and the HITECH Act. Such compliance could also require us to change our practices in a manner adverse to our business. Failure to comply with any applicable standards regarding patient privacy, or data privacy and data security more generally, may subject us to penalties, including significant civil monetary penalties and, in some circumstances, criminal penalties. In addition, any such failures may injure our reputation and adversely affect our ability to retain customers and attract new customers. Even an unsuccessful challenge by regulatory authorities could result in adverse publicity and could require a costly response. Additionally, on December 1, 2022, OCR issued guidance on the use of tracking technologies on websites and mobile applications, indicating that certain information collected from websites and applications may 
 48 
 
 Table of Contents 
 implicate HIPAA. Although HIPAA does not itself provide a private right of action, it is commonly cited in consumer actions that allege improper use and disclosure of sensitive patient data: use of tracking technologies, such as cookies, web beacons, and pixels, by covered entities or their business associates has recently been subject to class action lawsuits alleging improper disclosure of patient information. Any of the foregoing consequences could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, cash flows, and results of operations. 
 Certain failures or non-compliance by our physician partners under these laws could result in their being required as covered entities to report to governmental authorities and patients, implement expensive corrections and pay civil penalties. For example, we note that in 2019, the Office of Civil Rights announced the creation of its Right of Access Initiative, intended to support individuals right of timely access to their health records. Since the creation of the Right of Access Initiative, there has been substantial enforcement activity related to covered entities alleged failures to provide individuals with timely access to their health records. To the extent the physician partners non-compliance with HIPAA rules and regulations impacts members who are attributed to our RBEs e.g. , through the loss of PHI or failure to provide timely access to health records), or otherwise implicates our data processing or billing operations, we could suffer reputational harm or a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows, and results of operations. 
 Failure to obtain or maintain an insurance license, a certificate of authority or an equivalent authorization allowing our participation in downstream risk-sharing arrangements with payors could subject us to significant penalties and adversely impact our operations. 
 Regulation of downstream risk-sharing arrangements, including, but not limited to, global risk and other value-based arrangements, varies significantly from state to state. See Business Healthcare and Other Applicable Regulatory Matters Federal and State Insurance and Managed Care Laws in Item 1. We therefore expect significant uncertainty regarding whether our operations fall within the scope of certain laws or regulations. 
 If a state in which we currently operate, or a new geography, views our participation in risk-sharing arrangements as the assumption of insurance risk, the arrangement may fall within the purview of state insurance or managed care laws. If so, in connection with our continued operations or our expansion into new geographies, we may be required to obtain a state insurance or managed care license (or some other type of registration) and comply with the state s insurance or managed care laws and regulations. Such laws and regulations may subject us to significant oversight by state regulators in the form of periodic reporting and audits, required financial reserves and refraining from taking certain actions without prior regulatory approval. The majority of states do not explicitly address whether and in what manner the state regulates the transfer of risk by a payor to a downstream entity, and in such states, regulators may nonetheless interpret statutes and regulations to regulate such activity. If downstream risk-sharing arrangements are not regulated directly in a particular state, the state regulatory agency may nonetheless require oversight by the licensed payor as the party to such a downstream risk-sharing arrangement. Such oversight is accomplished via contract and may include the imposition of reserve requirements and reporting obligations. Failure to comply with these direct and indirect oversight laws can result in significant monetary penalties, administrative fines, fraud or misrepresentation charges, denial of future insurer applications or loss of membership or suspension of membership growth. 
 Laws regulating the corporate practice of medicine could restrict the manner in which we are permitted to conduct our business, and the failure to comply with such laws, or any changes to such laws or regulations or similar laws or regulations could subject us to penalties and restructuring or have a material adverse effect on our consolidation of the accounts of our majority-owned subsidiaries. 
 Some of the states in which we operate limit the practice of medicine to licensed individuals or professional organizations comprising licensed individuals, and lay business corporations generally may not exercise control over the medical decisions of physicians. Certain state regulatory bodies have taken the position that an arrangement that confers too much control over a physician practice to a non-medical professional entity may violate the corporate practice of medicine doctrine. See Business Healthcare and Other Applicable Regulatory Matters Corporate Practice of Medicine in Item 1. A violation of the corporate practice of medicine doctrine constitutes the unlawful practice of medicine, which is subject to fines and other legal consequences. Penalties for violating fee-splitting statutes or regulations may include medical license revocation, suspension, probation or other disciplinary actions. 
 49 
 
 Table of Contents 
 It is possible that a state regulatory agency or a court could determine that under applicable rules governing the corporate practice of medicine, we are violating the corporate practice of medicine doctrine or that our arrangements constitute unlawful fee splitting. As a result, our arrangements could be deemed invalid, potentially resulting in a loss of revenues and an adverse effect on results of operations derived from such arrangements. We could be subject to civil or other legal consequences, and our agreements and the accompanying governance structures and arrangements could be found legally unenforceable (in whole or in part). Such a determination could force a restructuring of the arrangements with our RBEs and physician partners. Such a restructuring may not be feasible or may not be accomplished within a reasonable time frame or on reasonable terms, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows, and results of operations. We have been the subject of regulatory inquiries regarding our compliance with the corporate practice of medicine doctrine, and we cannot guarantee that we will not be subject to such inquiries in the future. 
 Further, our financial statements are consolidated in accordance with applicable accounting standards and include the accounts of our majority-owned subsidiaries, including RBEs, classified as variable interest entities. Such consolidation for accounting or tax purposes does not, is not intended to, and should not be deemed to, imply or provide us any control over the medical or clinical affairs of such practices. In the event of a change in accounting standards promulgated by the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB or in interpretation of its standards, or if there is an adverse determination by a regulatory agency or a court, or a change in state or federal law relating to the ability to maintain such agreements or arrangements, we may not be permitted to continue to consolidate the revenues, expenses, assets and liabilities of our majority-owned subsidiaries classified as variable interest entities, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows, and results of operations. 
 If we or our physician partners inadvertently employ or contract with an excluded person, we may face government sanctions. 
 Individuals and entities can be excluded from participating in the Medicare program for violating certain laws and regulations, or for other reasons such as the loss of a license in any state, even if the person retains other licensure. This means that the excluded person or entity is prohibited from receiving payments for such person s or entity s services rendered to Medicare or MA beneficiaries, and if the excluded person is a physician, all services ordered (not just provided) by such physician are also non-covered and non-payable. Entities that employ or contract with excluded individuals are prohibited from billing the Medicare program for the excluded individual s services and are subject to civil penalties if they do. We might inadvertently contract or do business with an excluded person or entity, such as a physician partner, contracted or employed physician, or any other contracted party, or with an excluded person who could become excluded in the future without our knowledge. If this occurs, we or our physician partnerships may be subject to substantial repayments and civil penalties. Physician partners are also expected to comply with these requirements. We do not directly control our physician partners, and accordingly any adverse effects on us regarding their noncompliance with these laws are uncertain and unpredictable. 
 We may face lawsuits not covered by insurance and related expenses may be material. Our failure to avoid, defend and accrue for claims and litigation could negatively impact our business, financial condition, cash flows, and results of operations. 
 We are exposed to, and may become involved in, various litigation matters arising out of our business, including from time to time, actual or threatened lawsuits. Lawsuits for tort liabilities associated with managed care activities that we conduct in our managed care business are common in the healthcare industry. Common liability exposures we face include performance of utilization review, performance of credentialing and peer review, provider network contracting determinations, and vicarious liability for the conduct of affiliated providers. Liability exposures in the managed care industry in which we operate vary greatly by state. The status of tort reform, availability of non-economic damages or the presence or absence of other statutes, such as elder abuse or vulnerable adult statutes, influence the incidence and severity of managed care litigation. We may also be subject to other types of lawsuits, inquiries, audits, investigations or other proceedings, such as those initiated by our competitors, stockholders, employees, service providers, contractors or by government agencies, including when we terminate relationships with them, which could involve large claims and significant defense costs. Furthermore, lawsuits for tort liabilities arising out of business activities, including the acquisition of other businesses or physician groups, also are common. Common liability exposures we face include interference with contract, interference with prospective economic advantage, violation of the Voidable Transactions Act, successor liability, and antitrust and unfair competition. 
 50 
 
 Table of Contents 
 The results of any such lawsuits, inquiries, audits, investigations or other proceedings cannot be predicted, and determining reserves for pending litigation or other matters requires significant judgment. Further, the defense of litigation, including fees of legal counsel, expert witnesses and related costs, is expensive and difficult to forecast accurately. Such costs may be unrecoverable even if we ultimately prevail in litigation and could consume a significant portion of our limited capital resources. To defend lawsuits or participate in other proceedings, it may also be necessary for us to divert officers and other employees from our normal business functions to gather evidence, give testimony and otherwise support litigation efforts. If any such proceeding is not resolved in our favor, we could face material judgments or awards against us. An unfavorable resolution of one or more of the proceedings in which we are involved now or in the future could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows, and results of operations. We may also in the future find it necessary to file lawsuits to recover damages or protect our interests. The cost of such litigation could also be significant and unrecoverable, which could also deter us from aggressively pursuing even legitimate claims. All of our physician partners are required to carry medical malpractice insurance. We also currently maintain managed care errors and omissions insurance. We cannot be certain that our insurance coverage will be adequate to cover liabilities arising out of claims asserted against us, our affiliated professional organizations or our affiliated physicians. Liabilities incurred by us or our affiliates in excess of our insurance coverage, including coverage for professional liability and other claims, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows, and results of operations. Our insurance coverages generally must be renewed annually and may not continue to be available to us in future years at acceptable costs and on favorable terms, which could increase our exposure to litigation. Further, such coverage typically has substantial deductibles for which we would be responsible. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Indebtedness 
 Despite our indebtedness levels, we and our subsidiaries may incur substantially more indebtedness, which could increase the risks created by our indebtedness. 
 We and our subsidiaries may incur substantial additional indebtedness in the future. The terms of the 2021 Credit Agreement do not fully prohibit our subsidiaries from incurring additional debt. If our subsidiaries are in compliance with certain coverage ratios set forth in the agreements governing the Credit Facilities, they may be able to incur substantial additional indebtedness, which could increase the risks created by our current indebtedness. In addition, subject to certain conditions and without the consent of the then-existing lenders, the loans under the Credit Facilities may be expanded (or new term loan facilities, revolving credit facilities or letter of credit facilities added) by up to 50.0 million plus an additional amount equal to the aggregate amount of certain prepayments, repayments and redemptions of term loans and/or permanent reduction in the revolving credit facilities. 
 The agreements and instruments governing our indebtedness contain restrictions and limitations that could significantly impact our ability to operate our business. 
 Our Credit Facilities contain covenants that, among other things, restrict the ability of our subsidiary agilon health management, inc. agilon management and its subsidiaries to: 
 incur additional indebtedness and create liens; 

pay dividends and make other distributions or to purchase, redeem or retire capital stock; 

purchase, redeem or retire certain junior indebtedness; 

make loans and investments; 

enter into agreements that limit agilon management s or its subsidiaries ability to pledge assets or to make distributions or loans to us or transfer assets to us; 

sell assets; 

enter into certain types of transactions with affiliates; 

consolidate, merge or sell substantially all assets; 

make voluntary payments or modifications of junior indebtedness; and 

51 
 
 Table of Contents 
 enter into lines of business. 

agilon management and its subsidiaries account for substantially all of our assets and total liabilities. Consequently, the restrictions in the Credit Facilities may prevent us from taking actions that we believe would be in the best interest of our business and may make it difficult for us to execute our business strategy successfully or effectively compete with companies that are not similarly restricted. We may also incur future debt obligations that might subject us to additional restrictive covenants that could affect our financial and operational flexibility. We may be unable to refinance our indebtedness, at maturity or otherwise, on terms acceptable to us or at all. 
 The ability of agilon management to comply with the covenants and restrictions contained in the Credit Facilities may be affected by economic, financial and industry conditions outside our control including credit or capital market disruptions. The breach of any of these covenants or restrictions could result in a default that would permit the applicable lenders to declare all amounts outstanding thereunder to be due and payable, together with accrued and unpaid interest. If we are unable to repay indebtedness, lenders having secured obligations, such as the lenders under the Credit Facilities, could proceed against the collateral securing the indebtedness. This could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows, and results of operations, and could cause us to become bankrupt or insolvent. 
 Risks Related to Our Common Stock 
 agilon health is a holding company with no operations of its own, and it depends on its subsidiaries for cash to fund all of its operations and expenses, including to make future dividend payments, if any. 
 Our operations are conducted entirely through our subsidiaries, and our ability to generate cash to fund our operations and expenses, to pay dividends or to meet debt service obligations is highly dependent on the earnings and the receipt of funds from our subsidiaries through dividends or intercompany loans. Deterioration in the financial condition, earnings or cash flow of agilon management and its subsidiaries for any reason could limit or impair their ability to pay such distributions. Many of these subsidiaries are subject to regulatory, contractual or other legal restrictions that may restrict such subsidiaries ability to pay dividends to us. To the extent our subsidiaries are restricted from making such distributions under applicable law or regulation or under the terms of our financing arrangements or are otherwise unable to provide funds to the extent of our needs, there could be a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows, and results of operations. 
 For example, we are currently contractually required, and may in the future be required by state laws or regulations, to maintain specific prescribed minimum amounts of capital in certain subsidiaries. When we enter into a new payor contract, we are typically required by the payor to contribute risk-bearing capital to the local operating subsidiary. This typically takes the form of letters of credit or restricted deposits, or the payor may retain a percentage of the capitation payments due under the applicable contract. Risk-bearing capital required by payors varies by payor and geography. In addition, the agreements governing the Credit Facilities significantly restrict the ability of our subsidiaries to pay dividends, make loans or otherwise transfer assets to us. Furthermore, our subsidiaries are permitted under the terms of the Credit Facilities to incur additional indebtedness that may restrict or prohibit the making of distributions, the payment of dividends or the making of loans by such subsidiaries to us. If we are unable to obtain sufficient funds from our subsidiaries to fund our obligations, our results of business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. 
 Under our Certificate of Incorporation, the CD R Investor and its affiliates and, in some circumstances, each of our directors and officers who is also a director, officer, employee, member or partner of the CD R Investor and its affiliates, have no obligation to offer us corporate opportunities. 
 The policies relating to corporate opportunities and transactions with the CD R Investor set forth in our Certificate of Incorporation address potential conflicts of interest between agilon health, on the one hand, and the CD R Investor and its officers, directors, employees, members or partners who are directors or officers of our company, on the other hand. In accordance with those policies, the CD R Investor may pursue corporate opportunities, including acquisition opportunities that may be complementary to our business, without offering those opportunities to us. By becoming a stockholder in agilon health, you will be deemed to have notice of and have consented to these provisions of our Certificate of Incorporation. Although these provisions are designed to resolve 
 52 
 
 Table of Contents 
 conflicts between us and the CD R Investor and its affiliates fairly, conflicts may not be resolved in our favor or be resolved at all. 
 Anti-takeover provisions in our Certificate of Incorporation and By-laws could discourage, delay or prevent a change of control of our company and may affect the trading price of our common stock. 
 Our Certificate of Incorporation and our By-laws include a number of provisions that may discourage, delay or prevent a change in our management or control over us that stockholders may consider favorable. For example, our Certificate of Incorporation and By-laws collectively: 
 authorize the issuance of blank check preferred stock that could be issued by our board of directors to thwart a takeover attempt; 

provide for a classified board of directors, which divides our board of directors into three classes, with members of each class serving staggered three-year terms, which prevents stockholders from electing an entirely new board of directors at an annual meeting; 

limit the ability of stockholders to remove directors if the CD R Investor ceases to beneficially own at least 40 of the outstanding shares of our common stock; 

provide that vacancies on our board of directors, including vacancies resulting from an enlargement of our board of directors, may be filled only by a majority vote of directors then in office; 

prohibit stockholders from calling special meetings of stockholders if the CD R Investor ceases to beneficially own at least 40 of the outstanding shares of our common stock; 

prohibit stockholder action by written consent, thereby requiring all actions to be taken at a meeting of the stockholders, if the CD R Investor ceases to beneficially own at least 40 of the outstanding shares of our common stock; 

opt out of Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law (the DGCL ), which prohibits a publicly-held Delaware corporation from engaging in a business combination with an interested stockholder for a period of three years following the time the person became an interested stockholder, until the CD R Investor ceases to beneficially own at least 5 of the outstanding shares of our common stock; 

establish advance notice requirements for nominations of candidates for election as directors or to bring other business before an annual meeting of our stockholders; and 

require the approval of holders of at least 66 2/3 of the outstanding shares of our common stock to amend our By-laws and certain provisions of our Certificate of Incorporation if the CD R Investor ceases to beneficially own at least 40 of the outstanding shares of our common stock. 

These provisions may prevent our stockholders from receiving the benefit from any premium to the market price of our common stock offered by a bidder in a takeover context or from changing our management and board of directors. Even in the absence of a takeover attempt, the existence of these provisions may adversely affect the prevailing market price of our common stock if the provisions are viewed as discouraging takeover attempts in the future. 
 Our Certificate of Incorporation and By-laws may also make it difficult for stockholders to replace or remove our management. Furthermore, the existence of the foregoing provisions, as well as the significant amount of common stock that the CD R Investor owns, could limit the price that investors might be willing to pay in the future for shares of our common stock. These provisions may facilitate management entrenchment that may delay, deter, render more difficult or prevent a change in our control, which may not be in the best interests of our stockholders. 
 We do not intend to pay dividends on our common stock for the foreseeable future and, consequently, your ability to achieve a return on your investment depends on appreciation in the price of our common stock. 
 We do not intend to declare and pay dividends on our common stock for the foreseeable future. We currently intend to use our future earnings, if any, to repay debt, to fund our growth, to develop our business, for working capital 
 53 
 
 Table of Contents 
 needs and for general corporate purposes. Therefore, you are not likely to receive any dividends on your common stock for the foreseeable future, and the success of an investment in shares of our common stock depends upon any future appreciation in their value. There is no guarantee that shares of our common stock will appreciate in value or even maintain the price at which our stockholders have purchased their shares. Payments of dividends, if any, are at the sole discretion of our board of directors after taking into account various factors, including general and economic conditions, our financial condition and operating results, our available cash and current and anticipated cash needs, capital requirements, contractual, legal, tax and regulatory restrictions and implications of the payment of dividends by us to our stockholders or by our subsidiaries to us, and such other factors as our board of directors may deem relevant. In addition, our operations are conducted almost entirely through our subsidiaries. As such, to the extent that we determine in the future to pay dividends on our common stock, none of our subsidiaries will be obligated to make funds available to us for the payment of dividends. Further, the agreements governing the Credit Facilities significantly restrict the ability of our subsidiaries to pay dividends or otherwise transfer assets to us, and we may enter into other credit agreements or borrowing arrangements in the future that restrict or limit our ability to pay cash dividends on our common stock. In addition, Delaware law imposes additional requirements that may restrict our ability to pay dividends to holders of our common stock. 
 We are no longer a controlled company within the meaning of the NYSE rules. However, we may continue to rely on exemptions from certain corporate governance requirements during a one-year transition period. 
 From August 12, 2022, CD R Investor no longer controlled a majority of the voting power of our outstanding common stock, and we ceased to be a controlled company within the meaning of the NYSE corporate governance standards. As a result, the NYSE rules require that we have a majority of independent directors on our board of directors within one year of the date we no longer qualified as a controlled company, have at least one independent director on each of the Compensation and Nominating and Governance Committees on the date we no longer qualified as a controlled company, at least a majority of independent directors on each of the Compensation and Nominating and Governance Committees within 90 days of such date and the Compensation and Nominating and Governance Committees composed entirely of independent directors within one year of such date and perform an annual performance evaluation of the Nominating and Governance and Compensation Committees. During this transition period, we may continue to utilize the available exemptions from certain corporate governance requirements as permitted by the NYSE rules and we presently do not have a majority of independent directors, our Nominating and Governance Committee and Compensation Committees do not consist entirely of independent directors and such committees may not be subject to annual performance evaluations during the transition period. Accordingly, during the transition period, you will not have the same protections afforded to stockholders of companies that are subject to all of the corporate governance rules and requirements of the NYSE discussed herewith. Furthermore, a change in our board of directors and committee membership may result in a change in corporate strategy and operation philosophies, and may result in deviations from our current strategy. 
 Our Certificate of Incorporation designates the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware as the sole and exclusive forum for certain litigation that may be initiated by our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers or stockholders. 
 Our Certificate of Incorporation provides that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware will, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be the sole and exclusive forum for (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf, (ii) any action or proceeding asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed to us or our stockholders by any of our directors, officers, other employees, agents or stockholders, (iii) any action or proceeding asserting a claim arising out of or pursuant to or seeking to enforce any right, obligation or remedy under the DGCL, or as to which the DGCL confers jurisdiction on the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware (including, without limitation, any action asserting a claim arising out of or pursuant to our Certificate of Incorporation or our By-laws) or (iv) any action or proceeding asserting a claim that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine, in each case subject to such Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware having personal jurisdiction over the indispensable parties named as defendants. It is possible that a court could find that the exclusive forum provisions described above are inapplicable for a particular claim or action or that such provision is unenforceable, and our stockholders will not be deemed to have waived our compliance with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. As permitted by Delaware law, our Certificate of Incorporation provides that, unless we consent in writing to the election of an alternative forum, the federal district courts of the United States of America will, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be the sole and exclusive forum for 
 54 
 
 Table of Contents 
 the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act, and the rules and regulations thereunder. To the fullest extent permitted by law, by becoming a stockholder in our company, you will be deemed to have notice of and have consented to the provisions of our Certificate of Incorporation related to choice of forum. The choice of forum provision in our Certificate of Incorporation may limit our stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or any of our directors, officers, other employees, agents or stockholders, which could discourage lawsuits with respect to such claims. Additionally, a court could determine that the exclusive forum provision is unenforceable, and our stockholders will not be deemed to have waived our compliance with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. If a court were to find these provisions of our Certificate of Incorporation inapplicable to, or unenforceable in respect of, one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such matters in other jurisdictions, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows, and results of operations. 
 We have identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting. If we are unable to remediate these material weaknesses, or if we experience additional material weaknesses in the future or otherwise fail to maintain an effective system of internal controls, we may not be able to accurately or timely report our financial results, in which case our business may be harmed, investors may lose confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports and, as a result, our common stock price may be adversely affected and we may be unable to maintain compliance with NYSE listing requirements. 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting and for evaluating and reporting on our system of internal control. Our internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. GAAP. As a public company, we are required to comply with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and other rules that govern public companies. In particular, we are required to certify our compliance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, which requires us to furnish annually a report by management on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. In addition, our independent registered public accounting firm is required to report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. 
 In connection with our year-end assessment of internal control over financial reporting, we identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. For a discussion of our internal control over financial reporting and a description of the identified material weaknesses, see Part II, Item 9A, Controls and Procedures. 
 As further described in Item 9A Controls and Procedures - Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting and Remediation of the Material Weaknesses in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting, we are undertaking steps to improve our internal control over financial reporting. We expect that we will need to improve existing operational and financial systems, procedures and controls, and implement new ones, to manage our future business effectively. However, we may not be successful in making the improvements necessary to remediate the material weaknesses identified by management or be able to do so in a timely manner, or be able to identify and remediate additional control deficiencies or material weaknesses in the future. Any implementation delays, or disruption in the transition to new or enhanced systems, procedures or controls, could harm our ability record and report financial and management information on a timely and accurate basis. If our remedial measures are insufficient to address the material weaknesses, or if significant deficiencies or material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting are discovered or occur in the future, it may adversely affect us. 
 ITEM 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 None. 
 ITEM 2. Properties 
 As of December 31, 2022, we leased approximately 147,000 gross square feet relating to 16 office facilities. We believe our facilities are adequate and suitable for our current needs and that should it be needed, suitable additional or alternative space will be available to accommodate our operations. 
 55 
 
 Table of Contents 
 ITEM 3. Legal Proceedings 
 See Legal Proceedings section of Note 12 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for information regarding legal proceedings, which information is incorporated by reference in this Item 3. 
 ITEM 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 
 PART II 
 ITEM 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Market Information for Common Stock 
 Our Class A common stock, par value 0.01 per share, is listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol AGL and began trading on April 15, 2021. Prior to that date, there was no public trading market for our common stock. 
 Holders of Common Stock 
 At February 24, 2023, we had 772 stockholders of record of common stock. The actual number of holders of our Class A common stock is greater than the number of record holders, and includes stockholders who are beneficial owners, but whose shares are held in street name by brokers or other nominees. The number of holders of record present here also do not include stockholders whose shares may be held in trust by other entities. 
 Dividend Policy 
 We have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our capital stock, and we do not currently intend to pay any cash dividends for the foreseeable future. We expect to retain future earnings, if any, to fund the development and growth of our business. Any future determination to pay dividends on our common stock will be made at the discretion of the Board and will depend upon, among other factors, our financial condition, operating results, current and anticipated cash needs, plans for expansion and other factors that the Board may deem relevant. In addition, our ability to pay dividends to holders of our common stock is significantly limited as a practical matter by the Credit Facilities insofar as we may seek to pay dividends out of funds made available to us by agilon health management inc. or its subsidiaries, because the Credit Facilities restrict agilon management s ability to pay dividends or make loans to us. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities 
 During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, we issued 247,200 legacy director restricted stock units for retirement and amendment. The issuances of these securities described above were deemed to be exempt from registration under the Securities Act in reliance on Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act as transactions by an issuer not involving a public offering. The recipients of securities in each of these transactions acquired the securities for investment only and not with a view to or for sale in connection with any distribution thereof. Each of the recipients of securities in these transactions was an accredited investor within the meaning of Rule 501 of Regulation D under the Securities Act. 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 There were no repurchases of equity securities during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 56 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Performance Graph 
 The graph and table below compare the cumulative total return of agilon, the S P 500, and the S P 500 Health Care Index from April 15, 2021 (the date our common stock began trading on the NYSE) to December 31, 2022. Total cumulative return is based on a 100 investment and assumes reinvestment of dividends before consideration of income taxes. Stockholder returns over the indicated periods should not be considered indicative of future stock prices or stockholder returns. 
 COMPARISON OF FIVE-YEAR CUMULATIVE TOTAL RETURN 
 RATE OF RETURN TREND COMPARISON 
 April 15, 2021 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (April 15, 2021 = 100) 
 Performance Graph Total Stockholder Return 

4/15/21 

6/30/21 

9/30/21 

12/31/21 

3/31/22 

6/30/22 

9/30/22 

12/31/22 

agilon health, inc. 

100 

176 

114 

117 

110 

95 

102 

70 

S P 500 

100 

104 

105 

117 

111 

93 

89 

96 

S P 500 Health Care 

100 

107 

108 

120 

117 

110 

105 

118 

ITEM 6. [Reserved] 
 
 57 
 
 Table of Contents 
 ITEM 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 The information set forth in this Item 7 is intended to provide readers with an understanding of our financial condition, changes in financial condition and results of operations. We will discuss and provide our analysis in the following order: 
 Overview and Key Developments 

COVID-19 

Key Financial and Operating Metrics 

Key Components of Our Results of Operations 

Results of Operations 

Non-GAAP Financial Measures 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Critical Accounting Estimates 

Overview and Key Developments 
 Our business is transforming healthcare by empowering the PCP to be the agent for change in the communities they serve. We believe that PCPs, with their intimate patient-physician relationships, are best positioned to drive meaningful change in quality, cost, and patient experience when provided with the right infrastructure and payment model. Through our combination of the agilon platform, a long-term partnership model with existing physician groups and a growing network of like-minded physicians, we are poised to revolutionize healthcare for seniors across communities throughout the United States. Our purpose-built model provides the necessary capabilities, capital and business model for existing physician groups to create a Medicare-centric, globally capitated line of business. Our model operates by forming RBEs within local geographies, that enter into arrangements with payors providing for monthly payments to manage the total healthcare needs of our physician partners attributed patients (or, global capitation arrangements), contract with agilon to perform certain functions and enter into long-term professional service agreements with one or more anchor physician groups pursuant to which the anchor physician groups receive a base compensation rate and share in the savings from successfully improving quality of care and reducing costs. 
 Our business model is differentiated by its focus on existing community-based physician groups and is built around three key elements: (1) agilon s platform; (2) agilon s long-term physician partnership approach; and (3) agilon s network. With our model, our goal is to remove the barriers that prevent community-based physicians from evolving to a Total Care Model, where the physician is empowered to manage health outcomes and the total healthcare needs of their attributed Medicare patients. 
 2022 Results: 
 Medicare Advantage members of approximately 269,500 as of December 31, 2022 increased 45 from 2021. 

DCE attributed beneficiaries of approximately 89,000 as of December 31, 2022 increased 72 from 2021. 

Total revenue of 2.7 billion increased 48 from 2021. 

Net loss of 107 million, compared to 407 million in 2021. 2021 includes the impact of 292 million in non-cash stock-based compensation expense, substantially all of which relates to shares issued under partner physician group equity agreements in connection with our IPO in April 2021. 

58 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Medical Margin of 305 million, compared to 182 million in 2021. 

Adjusted EBITDA of positive 4 million, compared to negative 39 million in 2021. 

Platform Membership Details 
 Medicare Advantage members increased 45 during 2022, which includes contributions from new geographies and growth within geographies existing prior to 2022. Total members live on the agilon platform include 269,500 Medicare Advantage members and 89,000 attributed Direct Contracting beneficiaries. Average Medicare Advantage membership during 2022 was approximately 263,900. 
 COVID-19 
 We continue to monitor and assess the estimated operating and financial impact of COVID-19. Future developments, such as the severity and duration of new COVID-19 variants, COVID-19 s impact on the U.S. economy, consumer behavior and health care utilization patterns, and the timing, scope, and impact of legislation as well as other federal, state, and local governmental responses to the pandemic could introduce new uncertainties to care patterns and our business. During the year ended December 31, 2022, overall care was near normal baseline levels, with certain areas of care at or approaching seasonal baselines. Future care patterns and acuity may temporarily rise due to missed regular care. 
 Key Financial and Operating Metrics 
 All of our key metrics exclude historical results from our California operations (which are included as discontinued operations in our consolidated financial statements). 
 We monitor the following key financial and operating metrics to help us evaluate our business, identify trends affecting our business, formulate business plans and make strategic decisions. We believe the following key metrics are useful in evaluating our business (dollars in thousands): 

As of and for the Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

MA members 

269,500 

186,300 

131,000 

Medical services revenue 

2,704,396 

1,829,735 

1,214,270 

Medical margin 

304,598 

182,076 

192,393 

Platform support costs 

146,481 

123,521 

99,943 

Income (loss) from operations 

(120,431) 

(393,952) 

(56,673) 

Network contribution (1) 

132,322 

84,578 

99,016 

Net income (loss) 

(106,864) 

(406,787) 

(60,052) 

Adjusted EBITDA (1) 

4,251 

(38,619) 

5,827 

(1) Network contribution and Adjusted EBITDA are non-GAAP financial measures. See Non-GAAP Financial Measures for additional information, including reconciliations to the most directly comparable measures under generally accepted accounting principles GAAP ). 

Medicare Advantage Members 
 Our MA members include all individuals enrolled in an MA plan that are attributed to the PCPs on our platform at the end of a given period. 
 Medical Services Revenue 
 Our medical services revenue consists of capitation revenue under contracts with various payors. Under the typical capitation arrangement, we are entitled to PMPM fees to provide a defined range of healthcare services for MA health plan members through our contracted physician partners and affiliated PCPs. Such fees are typically based on a defined percentage of corresponding premium that payors receive from CMS. We recognize capitation revenue over the period eligible members are entitled to receive healthcare services . 
 59 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Medical Margin 
 Medical margin represents the amount earned from medical services revenue after medical services expenses are deducted. Medical services expense represents costs incurred for medical services provided to our members. As our platform matures over time, we expect medical margin to increase in absolute dollars. However, medical margin PMPM may vary as the percentage of new members brought onto our platform fluctuates. New membership added to the platform is typically dilutive to medical margin PMPM. 
 The following table presents our medical margin (dollars in thousands): 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Medical services revenue 

2,704,396 

1,829,735 

1,214,270 

Medical services expense 

(2,399,798) 

(1,647,659) 

(1,021,877) 

Medical margin 

304,598 

182,076 

192,393 

Platform Support Costs 
 Our platform support costs, which include regionally-based support personnel and other operating costs to support our geographies, are expected to decrease over time as a percentage of revenue as our physician partners add members and our revenue grows. Our operating expenses at the enterprise level include resources and technology to support payor contracting, clinical program development, quality, data management, finance and legal functions. 
 The table below represents costs to support our live geographies and enterprise functions, which are included in general and administrative expenses (dollars in thousands): 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Platform support costs 

146,481 

123,521 

99,943 

of Revenue 

5 

7 

8 

Income (Loss) From Operations and Network Contribution 
 Income (loss) from operations is the most directly comparable U.S. GAAP measure to network contribution. We define network contribution as medical services revenue less the sum of: (i) medical services expense and (ii) other medical expenses excluding costs incurred in implementing geographies. Other medical expenses consist of physician compensation expense related to surplus sharing and other direct medical expenses incurred to improve care for our members. We believe this metric provides insight into the economics of our Total Care Model, as it includes all medical services expense associated with our members care as well as partner compensation and additional medical costs we incur as part of our aligned partnership model. Other medical expenses are largely variable and proportionate to the level of surplus in each respective geography. 
 The following table presents our network contribution (dollars in thousands): 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Medical services revenue 

2,704,396 

1,829,735 

1,214,270 

Medical services expense 

(2,399,798) 

(1,647,659) 

(1,021,877) 

Other medical expenses - operating geographies (1) 

(172,276) 

(97,498) 

(93,377) 

Network contribution 

132,322 

84,578 

99,016 

(1) Represents physician compensation expense related to surplus sharing and other direct medical expenses incurred to improve care for our members in our live geographies. Excludes costs in geographies that are in implementation and are not yet generating revenue. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, costs incurred in implementing geographies were 23.9 million, 12.0 million and 8.9 million, respectively. 

60 
 
 Table of Contents 
 See Non-GAAP Financial Measures for information regarding our use of network contribution and a reconciliation of income (loss) from operations to network contribution. 
 
 Net Income (Loss) and Adjusted EBITDA 
 Net income (loss) is the most directly comparable GAAP measure to Adjusted EBITDA. We define Adjusted EBITDA as net income (loss) adjusted to exclude: (i) income (loss) from discontinued operations, net of income taxes, (ii) interest expense, (iii) income tax expense (benefit), (iv) depreciation and amortization, (v) geography entry costs, (vi) stock-based compensation expense, (vii) severance and related costs, and (viii) certain other items that are not considered by us in the evaluation of ongoing operating performance. We reflect our share of Adjusted EBITDA for equity method investments by applying our actual ownership percentage for the period to the applicable reconciling items on an entity-by-entity basis. 
 See Non-GAAP Financial Measures for information regarding our use of Adjusted EBITDA and a reconciliation of net income (loss) to Adjusted EBITDA . 
 Key Components of Our Results of Operations 
 Revenues 
 Medical Services Revenue 
 Our medical services revenue consists of capitation revenue under contracts with various payors. Under the typical capitation arrangement, we are entitled to PMPM fees to provide a defined range of healthcare services for MA health plan members through our contracted physician partners and affiliated PCPs. Such fees are typically based on a defined percentage of corresponding premium that payors receive from CMS. We recognize capitation revenue over the period eligible members are entitled to receive healthcare services . 
 Medical services revenue constitutes substantially all of our total revenue for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. 
 For additional discussion related to our revenue, see Critical Accounting Estimates and Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Operating Expenses 
 Medical Services Expense 
 In each of our geographies, a network of physicians, hospitals, and other healthcare providers provide care to our members. Medical services expense represents costs incurred for medical services provided to our members. Our medical services expense trends primarily relate to changes in per visit costs incurred by our members, along with changes in health system and provider utilization of services. Medical services expenses are recognized in the period in which services are provided and include estimates of our obligations for medical services that have been rendered by third parties, but for which claims have either not yet been received, processed or paid . 
 For additional discussion related to our medical services expense, see Critical Accounting Estimates and Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 61 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Other Medical Expenses 
 Other medical expenses include: (i) partner physician compensation expense and (ii) other provider costs. Partner physician compensation expense represents obligations to our physician partners corresponding to a portion of the surplus generated in our geographies, which is a function of medical services revenues less the sum of medical services expenses, other provider costs and market operating costs, for the respective geography. Physician payment obligations are reconciled quarterly, and settlement payments are typically issued to providers on an annual basis in arrears, with interim payments issued periodically. Other provider costs include payments to support physician-patient engagement, certain other medical costs, and other care management expenses that help to create medical cost efficiency. Other provider costs include costs incurred for geographies that are in implementation and are not yet generating revenue. 
 General and Administrative 
 General and administrative expenses consist of market-based support personnel and other operating costs to support our geographies, personnel and other operating costs to support our enterprise functions, and investments to support development and expansion of our physician partners. Our enterprise functions include salaries and related expenses, stock-based compensation (including shares issued under partner physician group equity agreements), operational support expenses, technology infrastructure, finance, legal, as well as other costs associated with the continued growth of our platform. For the purposes of calculating physician partner incentive expense, we allocate a portion of our enterprise general and administrative expenses to our geographies. 
 General and administrative expenses also include severance, management fees paid to our largest shareholder prior to our IPO and accruals for unasserted claims. 
 Depreciation and Amortization 
 Depreciation and amortization expenses are associated with our property and equipment and acquired intangible assets. Depreciation includes expenses associated with buildings, computer and network equipment, furniture and fixtures, and leasehold improvements. Amortization primarily includes expenses associated with acquired intangible assets . 
 Other Income (Expense) 
 Other Income (Expense), Net 
 Other income (expense), net includes the following items : 
 Equity income (loss) from unconsolidated joint ventures; and 

Interest income, which consists primarily of interest earned on our cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash and cash equivalents, and marketable securities, including amortization/accretion of discount/premium. 

Interest Expense 
 Interest expense consists primarily of interest expense associated with our outstanding debt, including amortization of debt issuance costs . 
 Income Tax Benefit (Expense) 
 We are subject to corporate U.S. federal, state, and local income taxation. Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance to the extent management believes it is not more likely than not to be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income . Management makes estimates and judgments about future taxable income based on assumptions that are consistent with our plans and estimates . 
 62 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Total Discontinued Operations 
 Total discontinued operations consist of the results of our California operations, which include the entirety of our Medicaid line of business. For certain of our California divestiture transactions, we continue to be responsible for any liabilities arising from the business that were incurred prior to the closing date of such transaction, including any fines, penalties, and other sanctions, the payment of claims for medical services incurred prior to the effective date of each transaction, a liability for unrecognized tax benefits for which we are indemnified, and other contingent liabilities that we currently believe are remote. For additional discussion, see Note 20 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Results of Operations 
 The following table summarizes key components of our results of operations (dollars in thousands): 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Revenues: 

Medical services revenue 

2,704,396 

1,829,735 

1,214,270 

Other operating revenue 

3,815 

3,824 

4,063 

Total revenues 

2,708,211 

1,833,559 

1,218,333 

Expenses: 

Medical services expense 

2,399,798 

1,647,659 

1,021,877 

Other medical expenses 

196,127 

109,487 

102,306 

General and administrative (including noncash stock-based compensation expense of 28,381, 292,394, and 6,472, respectively) 

218,945 

455,821 

137,292 

Depreciation and amortization 

13,772 

14,544 

13,531 

Total expenses 

2,828,642 

2,227,511 

1,275,006 

Income (loss) from operations 

(120,431) 

(393,952) 

(56,673) 

Other income (expense): 

Other income (expense), net 

24,725 

(4,500) 

2,465 

Gain (loss) on lease terminations 

(5,458) 

Interest expense 

(4,525) 

(6,146) 

(8,135) 

Income (loss) before income taxes 

(105,689) 

(404,598) 

(62,343) 

Income tax benefit (expense) 

(1,640) 

(886) 

(865) 

Income (loss) from continuing operations 

(107,329) 

(405,484) 

(63,208) 

Discontinued operations: 

Income (loss) before impairments, gain (loss) on sales and income taxes 

491 

(3,463) 

(20,049) 

Gain (loss) on sales of assets, net 

473 

20,401 

Income tax benefit (expense) 

(26) 

1,687 

2,804 

Total discontinued operations 

465 

(1,303) 

3,156 

Net income (loss) 

(106,864) 

(406,787) 

(60,052) 

Noncontrolling interests share in (earnings) loss 

311 

300 

Net income (loss) attributable to common shares 

(106,553) 

(406,487) 

(60,052) 

63 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 The following table summarizes our results of operations as a percentage of total revenues: 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Revenues: 

Medical services revenue 

100 

100 

100 

Other operating revenue 

Total revenues 

100 

100 

100 

Expenses: 

Medical services expense 

89 

90 

84 

Other medical expenses 

7 

6 

8 

General and administrative (including noncash stock-based compensation expense of 1 , 16 , and 1 , respectively) 

8 

25 

11 

Depreciation and amortization 

1 

1 

1 

Total expenses 

104 

121 

105 

Income (loss) from operations 

(4) 

(21) 

(5) 

Other income (expense): 

Other income (expense), net 

1 

Gain (loss) on lease terminations 

Interest expense 

(1) 

Income (loss) before income taxes 

(4) 

(22) 

(5) 

Income tax benefit (expense) 

Income (loss) from continuing operations 

(4) 

(22) 

(5) 

Discontinued operations: 

Income (loss) before impairments, gain (loss) on sales and income taxes 

(2) 

Gains (losses), net 

2 

Income tax benefit (expense) 

Total discontinued operations 

Net income (loss) 

(4) 

(22) 

(5) 

Noncontrolling interests share in (earnings) loss 

Net income (loss) attributable to common shares 

(4) 

(22) 

(5) 

Comparison of Year Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Medical Services Revenue 

Year Ended December 31, 

Change 

(dollars in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

Medical services revenue 

2,704,396 

1,829,735 

874,661 

48 

of total revenues 

100 

100 

Medical services revenue increased by 48 , due primarily to growth in average membership of 45 that was attributable to six new geographies that became operational in 2022 and growth in our existing geographies. The increase in medical services revenue was also driven, to a lesser extent, by a 2 increase in PMPM capitation rates. 
 64 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Medical Services Expense 

Year Ended December 31, 

Change 

(dollars in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

Medical services expense 

2,399,798 

1,647,659 

752,139 

46 

of total revenues 

89 

90 

Medical services expense increased by 46 due primarily to average membership growth of 45 , which was attributable to six new geographies that became operational in 2022 and growth in our existing geographies. Average medical services expense per member remained relatively flat compared to prior year. 
 Other Medical Expenses 

Year Ended December 31, 

Change 

(dollars in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

Other medical expenses 

196,127 

109,487 

86,640 

79 

of total revenues 

7 

6 

Other medical expenses increased by 86.6 million, or 79 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 2021. Partner physician compensation expense increased by 42.8 million to 95.0 million in 2022 compared to 52.2 million in 2021 as a result of six new geographies that became operational in 2022 and growth in our existing geographies. Other provider costs increased by 43.9 million to 101.2 million in 2022 compared to 57.3 million in 2021, as the number of geographies and members on our platform increased in 2022. Other provider costs in 2022 include 23.9 million related to geographies that became operational in January 2023, while other provider costs in 2021 include 12.0 million of costs related to geographies that became operational in 2022. 
 General and Administrative 

Year Ended December 31, 

Change 

(dollars in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

General and administrative 

218,945 

455,821 

(236,876) 

(52) 

of total revenues 

8 

25 

General and administrative expenses decreased 236.9 million, or 52 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 2021. Substantially all of the year-over-year decrease in general and administrative expenses is attributable to a 264.0 million decrease in non-cash stock-based compensation expense, which was largely related to shares issued under partner physician group equity agreements in connection with our IPO in April 2021 and the satisfaction of a performance condition associated with certain stock options in the third quarter of 2021. 
 Operating costs to support our live geographies and enterprise functions (platform support costs) increased by 23.0 million to 146.5 million in 2022 compared to 123.5 million in 2021 due primarily to growth in operating costs incurred to support geographies that became operational in 2022. Operating costs to support our live geographies and enterprise functions as a percentage of revenue decreased to 5 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 7 for the same period in 2021. Investments to support geography entry increased to 43.9 million in 2022, compared to 20.6 million in 2021 due to increased costs associated with our geographies that become operational in the following calendar year. 
 In aggregate, costs incurred for severance, fees paid to our largest shareholder pursuant to a consulting agreement, which terminated prior to the IPO) , and accruals for unasserted claims and contingent liabilities decreased by 19.1 million primarily as a result of a reduction in reserves for certain contingent liabilities and severance. 
 65 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Other income (expense), net 

Year Ended December 31, 

Change 

(dollars in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

Other income (expense), net 

24,725 

(4,500) 

29,225 

649 

of total revenues 

1 

Other income (expense), net generated income of 24.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to expenses of 4.5 million in 2021. Equity income from our DCE investments increased 17.7 million as a result of new investments in 2022 and a full year of operations from our existing DCE investments, which became operational in April 2021 . Interest income increased 13.8 million primarily as a result of our marketable securities investments in 2022. 
 Comparison of Year Ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 
 Medical Services Revenue 

Year Ended December 31, 

Change 

(dollars in thousands) 
 
 2021 

2020 

Medical services revenue 

1,829,735 

1,214,270 

615,465 

51 

of total revenues 

100 

100 

Medical services revenue increased by 51 , due primarily to growth in average membership of 44 that was attributable to three new geographies that became operational in 2021 and growth in our existing geographies. The increase in medical services revenue was also driven, to a lesser extent, by a 5 increase in PMPM capitation rates. 
 Medical Services Expense 

Year Ended December 31, 

Change 

(dollars in thousands) 
 
 2021 

2020 

Medical services expense 

1,647,659 

1,021,877 

625,782 

61 

of total revenues 

90 

84 

Medical services expense increased by 61 due primarily to average membership growth of 44 , which was attributable to three new geographies that became operational in 2021 and growth in our existing geographies. The increase in medical services expense was also driven, to a lesser extent, by an increase in average medical services expense per member of 12 . The increase in average medical services expense reflects, in part, the impact of lower healthcare utilization experienced in the prior year due to the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 Other Medical Expenses 

Year Ended December 31, 

Change 

(dollars in thousands) 
 
 2021 

2020 

Other medical expenses 

109,487 

102,306 

7,181 

7 

of total revenues 

6 

8 

Other medical expenses increased by 7.2 million, or 7 , for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to 2020. Partner physician compensation expense declined by 13.1 million to 52.2 million in 2021 compared to 65.3 million in 2020. Other provider costs increased by 20.3 million to 57.3 million in 2021 compared to 37.0 million in 2020, as the number of geographies and members on our platform increased in 2021. Other provider costs in 2021 include 12.0 million related to geographies that became operational in January 2022, while other provider costs in 2020 include 8.9 million of costs related to geographies that became operational in 2021. 
 66 
 
 Table of Contents 
 General and Administrative 

Year Ended December 31, 

Change 

(dollars in thousands) 
 
 2021 

2020 

General and administrative 

455,821 

137,292 

318,529 

232 

of total revenues 

25 

11 

General and administrative expenses increased 318.5 million, or 232 , for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to 2020. About 90 of the year-over-year increase in general and administrative expenses is attributable to a 285.9 million increase in non-cash stock-based compensation expense, substantially all of which relates to shares issued under partner physician group equity agreements in connection with our IPO in April 2021 and the satisfaction of a performance condition associated with certain employee stock options in the third quarter of 2021. 
 Platform support costs, which are operating costs to support our live geographies and enterprise functions, increased by 23.5 million to 123.5 million in 2021 compared to 100.0 million in 2020 due primarily to growth in operating costs incurred to support geographies that became operational in 2021, along with additional costs related to our operations as a public company. Platform support costs as a percentage of revenue decreased to 7 for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to 8 for the same period in 2020. Investments to support geography entry increased to 20.6 million in 2021, compared to 17.9 million in 2020 due to increased costs associated with our geographies that become operational in the following calendar year. 
 In aggregate, (i) costs incurred for severance, which include taxes and related costs on stock option exercises for departed executives, (ii) fees paid to our largest shareholder, and (iii) accruals for unasserted claims and contingent liabilities increased to 19.3 million in 2021, compared to 12.9 million in 2020. 
 Other income (expense), net 

Year Ended December 31, 

Change 

(dollars in thousands) 
 
 2021 

2020 

Other income (expense), net 

(4,500) 

2,465 

(6,965) 

(283) 

of total revenues 

Other income (expense), net generated expenses of 4.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to income of 2.5 million in 2020. Substantially all of the expense increase relates to equity losses of 7.1 million in connection with our DCE investments, which became operational in April 2021 . 
 Total Discontinued Operations 

Year Ended December 31, 

Change 

(dollars in thousands) 
 
 2021 

2020 

Total discontinued operations 

(1,303) 

3,156 

(4,459) 

(141) 

of total revenues 

Discontinued operations generated losses of 1.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to income of 3.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2020. As we completed the dispositions of our Southern California, Fresno and remaining California operations in August 2020, October 2020, and February 2021, respectively, medical margin and general and administrative expenses related to discontinued operations declined during 2021. Additionally, gains on sales of assets related to the dispositions declined by 19.9 million in 2021. For additional discussion related to discontinued operations, see Note 19 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 67 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 In addition to providing results that are determined in accordance with GAAP, we present network contribution and Adjusted EBITDA, which are non-GAAP financial measures . 
 We define network contribution as medical services revenue less the sum of: (i) medical services expense and (ii) other medical expenses excluding costs incurred in implementing geographies. Other medical expenses consist of physician compensation expense related to surplus sharing and other direct medical expenses incurred to improve care for our members. We believe this metric provides insight into the economics of our Total Care Model as it includes all medical services expense associated with our members care as well as partner incentive and additional medical costs we incur as part of our aligned partnership model. Other medical expenses are largely variable and proportionate to the level of surplus in each respective geography . 
 We define Adjusted EBITDA as net income (loss) adjusted to exclude: (i) income (loss) from discontinued operations, net of income taxes, (ii) interest expense, (iii) income tax expense (benefit), (iv) depreciation and amortization, (v) geography entry costs, (vi) stock-based compensation expense, (vii) severance and related costs, and (viii) certain other items that are not considered by us in the evaluation of ongoing operating performance. We reflect our share of Adjusted EBITDA for equity method investments by applying our actual ownership percentage for the period to the applicable reconciling items on an entity-by-entity basis. 
 Income (loss) from operations is the most directly comparable GAAP measure to network contribution. Net income (loss) is the most directly comparable GAAP measure to Adjusted EBITDA. 
 We believe network contribution and Adjusted EBITDA help identify underlying trends in our business and facilitate evaluation of period-to-period operating performance of our live geographies by eliminating items that are variable in nature and not considered by us in the evaluation of ongoing operating performance, allowing comparison of our recurring core business operating results over multiple periods. We also believe network contribution and Adjusted EBITDA provide useful information about our operating results, enhance the overall understanding of our past performance and future prospects, and allow for greater transparency with respect to key metrics we use for financial and operational decision-making. We believe network contribution and Adjusted EBITDA or similarly titled non-GAAP measures are widely used by investors, securities analysts, ratings agencies, and other parties in evaluating companies in our industry as a measure of financial performance. Other companies may calculate network contribution and Adjusted EBITDA or similarly titled non-GAAP measures differently from the way we calculate these metrics. As a result, our presentation of network contribution and Adjusted EBITDA may not be comparable to similarly titled measures of other companies, limiting their usefulness as comparative measures. 
 Adjusted EBITDA is not considered a measure of financial performance under GAAP, and the items excluded therefrom are significant components in understanding and assessing our financial performance. Adjusted EBITDA has limitations as an analytical tool and should not be considered in isolation or as an alternative to such GAAP measures as net income (loss), cash flows provided by or used in operating, investing or financing activities or other financial statement data presented in our consolidated financial statements as an indicator of financial performance or liquidity. Some of these limitations are: 
 Adjusted EBITDA does not reflect changes in, or cash requirements for, working capital needs ; 

Adjusted EBITDA does not reflect interest expense, or the requirements necessary to service interest or principal payments on debt ; 

Adjusted EBITDA does not reflect income tax expense (benefit) or the cash requirements to pay taxes ; 

Adjusted EBITDA does not reflect historical cash expenditures or future requirements for capital expenditures or contractual commitments; 

Although depreciation and amortization charges are non-cash charges, the assets being depreciated and amortized will often have to be replaced in the future, and Adjusted EBITDA does not reflect any cash requirements for such replacements ; and 

68 
 
 Table of Contents 
 The expenses and other items that we exclude in our calculation of Adjusted EBITDA may differ from the expenses and other items, if any, that other companies may exclude from similarly titled non-GAAP financial measures. 

The following table sets forth a reconciliation of income (loss) from operations to network contribution using data derived from the consolidated financial statements for the periods indicated (dollars in thousands): 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Income (loss) from operations 

(120,431) 

(393,952) 

(56,673) 

Other operating revenue 

(3,815) 

(3,824) 

(4,063) 

Other medical expenses 

196,127 

109,487 

102,306 

Other medical expenses (live geographies) (1) 

(172,276) 

(97,498) 

(93,377) 

General and administrative 

218,945 

455,821 

137,292 

Depreciation and amortization 

13,772 

14,544 

13,531 

Network contribution 

132,322 

84,578 

99,016 

(1) Represents physician compensation expense related to surplus sharing and other direct medical expenses incurred to improve care for our members in our live geographies. Excludes costs in geographies that are in implementation and are not yet generating revenue. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, costs incurred in implementing geographies were 23.9 million, 12.0 million, and 8.9 million, respectively. 

The following table sets forth a reconciliation of net income (loss) to Adjusted EBITDA using data derived from the consolidated financial statements for the periods indicated (dollars in thousands) : 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Net income (loss) 

(106,864) 

(406,787) 

(60,052) 

(Income) loss from discontinued operations, net of income taxes 

(465) 

1,303 

(3,156) 

Interest expense 

4,525 

6,146 

8,135 

Income tax expense (benefit) 

1,640 

886 

865 

Depreciation and amortization 

13,772 

14,544 

13,531 

(Gain) loss on lease terminations 

5,458 

Geography entry costs (1) 

67,741 

32,572 

27,100 

Severance and related costs (2) 

2,470 

12,861 

4,009 

Management fees (3) 

433 

1,530 

Stock-based compensation expense 

28,381 

292,394 

6,472 

EBITDA adjustments related to equity method investments (4) 

3,737 

1,736 

Other (5) 

(16,144) 

5,293 

7,393 

Adjusted EBITDA 

4,251 

(38,619) 

5,827 

(1) Represents direct geography entry costs, including investments to develop and expand our platform and costs in geographies that are in implementation and are not yet generating revenue. For the years ended December 30, 2022, 2021, and 2020, (i) 23.9 million, 12.0 million, and 8.9 million, respectively, are included in other medical expenses and (ii) 43.9 million, 20.6 million, and 17.9 million respectively, are included in general and administrative expenses. 

(2) For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, includes taxes and related costs on stock option exercises for departed executives of 2.0 million and 5.4 million, respectively. 

(3) Represents management fees and other expenses paid to Clayton Dubilier Rice, LLC CD R prior to our initial public offering IPO ). In connection with our IPO, we terminated our consulting agreement with CD R, effective April 16, 2021. We were not charged a fee in connection with the termination of this agreement. 

(4) Includes direct geography entry costs of 1.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

(5) Includes interest income and non-cash accruals for unasserted claims and contingent liabilities. 

69 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 We have historically financed our operations primarily through funds generated from our capitation arrangements with payors, issuances of equity securities, and borrowings under credit agreements. We generally invest any excess cash in money market accounts, which are classified as cash equivalents, and marketable securities. Our investment strategies are designed to provide safety and preservation of capital, sufficient liquidity to meet the cash flow needs of our business operations and attainment of a competitive return . 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had cash and cash equivalents of 497.1 million and investments in marketable securities of 411.9 million. 
 We expect to continue to incur operating losses and generate negative cash flows from operations for the foreseeable future due to the investments we intend to continue to make in expanding our business and additional general and administrative costs we expect to incur related to our operation as a public company. As a result, we may require additional capital resources in the future to execute strategic initiatives to grow our business . 
 Our primary uses of cash include payments for medical claims and other medical expenses, general and administrative expenses, costs associated with the development of new geographies and expansion of existing geographies, debt service and capital expenditures. Final reconciliation and receipt of amounts due from payors are typically settled in arrears, following completion of the contractual program year . 
 Our investment strategies are designed to provide safety and preservation of capital, sufficient liquidity to meet the cash flow needs of our business operations, and attainment of a competitive return. 
 Based on our planned operations, we believe that our existing cash and cash equivalents, as well as available borrowing capacity under the Credit Facilities, will be sufficient to meet our working capital and capital expenditure needs over at least the next 12 months, though we may require additional capital resources in the future. We have based these estimates on assumptions that may prove to be wrong, and we could utilize our available capital resources sooner than we expect . 
 We may require additional financing in the future to fund working capital and pay our obligations. We may seek to raise any necessary additional capital through a combination of public or private equity offerings and/or debt financings. There can be no assurance that we will be successful in acquiring additional funding at levels sufficient to fund our operations or on terms favorable to us, if at all. If adequate funds are not available on acceptable terms when needed, we may be required to significantly reduce operating expenses, which may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows, and results of operations. If we do raise additional capital through public or private equity, the ownership interest of our existing stockholders will be diluted, and the terms of these securities may include liquidation or other preferences that adversely affect our existing stockholders rights. If we raise additional capital through debt financing, we may be subject to covenants limiting or restricting our ability to take specific actions, such as incurring additional debt, making capital expenditures or declaring dividends. 
 Our ability to pay dividends to holders of our common stock is significantly limited as a practical matter by our growth plans as well as the Credit Facilities insofar as we may seek to pay dividends out of funds made available to us by agilon management or its subsidiaries because the Credit Facilities restrict agilon management s ability to pay dividends or make loans to us. The borrower on the Credit Facilities is agilon management, our wholly-owned subsidiary. The Credit Facilities are guaranteed by certain of our subsidiaries, including those identified as VIEs, and contain customary covenants including, among other things, limitations on restricted payments such as: (i) dividends and distributions from restricted subsidiaries, (ii) requirements of minimum financial ratios, and (iii) limitation on additional borrowings based on certain financial ratios. 
 70 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Cash Flows 
 The following summary discussion of our cash flows is based on the consolidated statements of cash flows. The following table sets forth changes in cash flows for the periods indicated (dollars in thousands): 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 

(130,808) 

(148,159) 

(53,204) 

Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 

(444,388) 

(90,506) 

22,066 

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

28,056 

1,154,390 

24,621 

Net Cash Provided By (Used In) Operating Activities 
 Net cash used in operating activities was 130.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 148.2 million and 53.2 million for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The decrease in net cash used in operating activities in 2022 compared to 2021 was primarily a result of the increase in medical margin contributed from new and existing geographies, partially offset by increased provider costs, including partner physician incentive expenses and the timing of settlements with payors from new and existing geographies. The increase in net cash used in operating activities in 2021 compared to 2020 was primarily a result of: (i) the transition of claims payment services back to the health plan for one of our capitation contracts effective January 1, 2021, (ii) higher geography entry costs, (iii) accelerated timing of claims payments in certain markets, and (iv) an increase in general and administrative expenses, including prepayments related to public company insurance, partially offset by lower cash used in our California operations. Additionally, 2020 benefitted from lower claims payments due to reduced utilization as a result of the impact of COVID-19. 
 Our cash flow from operations is dependent upon the number of members on our platform, the timing of settlements with payors and the level of operating and general and administrative expenses necessary to operate and grow our business, among other factors. 
 Net Cash Provided By (Used In) Investing Activities 
 Net cash used in investing activities was 444.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 90.5 million and 22.1 million for the years ended and December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The increase in net cash used in investing activities in 2022 compared to 2021 was due primarily to investments in marketable securities of 458.3 million during 2022. The increase in net cash used in investing activities in 2021 compared to 2020 was due primarily to 76.8 million, net in loans we provided to our physician partner groups in connection with taxes payable on shares distributed to them upon completion of the IPO under the partner physician group equity agreements and a 13.4 million increase in investments in property and equipment and intangible assets. 
 Net Cash Provided By (Used In) Financing Activities 
 Net cash provided by financing activities was 28.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 1.2 billion and 24.6 million for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. During the year ended December 31, 2022 , we received net proceeds of 33.1 million from the exercise of stock options . In February 2021, we refinanced our existing debt with a 100.0 million term loan, receiving net proceeds of 30.1 million. In April 2021, we received net proceeds of approximately 1.2 billion upon the completion of our IPO, after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and offering costs. Upon completion of our IPO in April 2021, we repaid 50.0 million of the term loan as required under the terms of our credit facility. During the year ended December 31, 2020, we raised net proceeds of 34.4 million from private sales of our common stock, including stock option exercises, and repurchased 6.7 million of common stock. 
 Debt Obligations 
 On February 18, 2021, we executed a credit facility agreement (as amended by the First Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of March 1, 2021). The Credit Facilities include: (i) a 100.0 million senior secured term loan (the 2021 Secured Term Loan Facility and (ii) a 100.0 million senior secured revolving credit facility (the 2021 
 71 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Secured Revolving Facility with a capacity to issue standby letters of credit in certain circumstances up to a maximum of 80.0 million. Subject to specified conditions and receipt of commitments, the 2021 Secured Term Loan Facility may be expanded (or a new term loan facility, revolving credit facility or letter of credit facility added) by up to (i) 50.0 million plus (ii) an additional amount determined in accordance with a formula tied to repayment of certain of our indebtedness. The 2021 Secured Term Loan Facility requires, among other things, a mandatory prepayment of 50.0 million if gross proceeds from the IPO exceed 1.0 billion. On April 26, 2021, we repaid 50.0 million of the 2021 Secured Term Loan Facility. The maturity date of the Credit Facilities was extended to February 18, 2026. 
 At our option, borrowings under the Credit Facilities, as defined in the credit agreement, can be either: (i) LIBO Rate Loans or (ii) Base Rate Loans. LIBO Rate Loans bear interest at a rate equal to the sum of 4.00 (stepping down to 3.50 on and following October 1, 2023) and the higher of (a) LIBO, as defined in the credit agreement, and (b) 0 . Base Rate Loans bear interest at a rate equal to the sum of 3.00 (stepping down to 2.50 on and following October 1, 2023) and the highest of: (a) 0.50 in excess of the overnight federal funds rate, (b) the prime rate established by the administrative agent from time to time, (c) the one-month LIBO rate (adjusted for maximum reserves) plus 1.00 and (d) 0 . Additionally, we pay a commitment fee on the unfunded 2021 Revolving Credit Facility amount of 0.50 (stepping down to 0.375 on and following October 1, 2023). We must also pay customary letter of credit fees. 
 The Credit Facilities contain customary covenants including, among other things, limitations on restricted payments including: (i) dividends and distributions from restricted subsidiaries, (ii) requirements of minimum financial ratios, and (iii) limitation on additional borrowings based on certain financial ratios. 
 For additional discussion on our debt obligations, see Note 11 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information about our outstanding debt. 
 Equity 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 412.4 million shares of common stock outstanding. See Note 13 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information about our equity transactions. 
 Future Cash Requirements 
 The following table summarizes certain estimated future cash requirements under the Company s various contractual obligations and commitments as of December 31, 2022, in total and disaggregated into current and long-term obligations (dollars in thousands ): 

Total 

Current 

Long-Term 

Term loan (1) 

43,750 

5,000 

38,750 

Operating leases (2) 

15,950 

3,840 

12,110 

Capital commitments (3) 

134,835 

112,092 

22,743 

Interest (1) 

12,048 

5,845 

6,203 

Total 

206,583 

126,777 

79,806 

(1) See Note 11 for additional information regarding the maturities of debt principal. Interest payments on debt are calculated using outstanding balances and interest rates in effect on December 31, 2022. 

(2) See Note 6 for additional information regarding the maturity of lease liabilities under operating leases. 

(3) See Note 12 for additional information regarding capital commitments to physician partners to support physician partner expansion and related purposes. 

The table above does not include future payments of claims to healthcare providers because certain terms of these payments are not determinable at December 31, 2022 (for example, the timing and volume of future medical services provided under capitation contracts). 
 72 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 Management s discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based on our financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with GAAP. The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires us to use judgment in the application of accounting policies, including making estimates and assumptions. We base estimates on the best information available to us at the time, our historical experience, known trends and events and various other assumptions that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances. These estimates affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting periods. If our judgment or interpretation of the facts and circumstances relating to various transactions or other matters had been different, it is possible that different accounting would have been applied, resulting in a different presentation of our consolidated financial statements. From time to time, we re-evaluate our estimates and assumptions. In the event estimates or assumptions prove to be different from actual results, adjustments are made in subsequent periods to reflect more current estimates and assumptions about matters that are inherently uncertain. For a more detailed discussion of our significant accounting policies, see Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Below is a discussion of accounting policies that we consider critical in that they may require complex judgment in their application or require estimates about matters that are inherently uncertain. 
 Revenue Recognition 
 We recognize revenue in accordance with Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606) ASC 606 ). Medical services revenue consists of capitation fees under contracts with various payors. Under the typical capitation arrangement, we are entitled to monthly PMPM fees to provide a defined range of healthcare services for MA health plan members attributed to our contracted physicians. PMPM fees are determined as a percent of the premium payors receive from CMS for these members. We generally accept full financial risk for members attributed to our contracted physicians, which means we are responsible for the cost of all healthcare services required by them. Contracts with payors are generally multi-year arrangements and have a single performance obligation that constitutes a series, as defined by ASC 606, to stand ready on a monthly basis to provide all aspects of necessary medical care to members for the contracted period. We recognize revenue in the month in which eligible members are entitled to receive healthcare benefits during the contract term. 
 The transaction price for our MA capitation contracts is variable as the PMPM fees to which we are entitled are subject to periodic adjustment under CMS s risk adjustment payment methodology. CMS deploys a risk adjustment model that determines premiums paid to all payors according to each member s health status and certain demographic factors. Under this risk adjustment methodology, CMS calculates the risk adjusted premium payment using diagnosis data from various settings. We and our healthcare providers collect and submit the necessary and available diagnosis data to payors and we utilize such data to estimate risk adjustment payments to be received in subsequent periods. Risk adjustment-related revenues are estimated using the most likely amount methodology and amounts are only included in revenue to the extent that it is probable that a significant reversal of cumulative revenue will not occur once any uncertainty is resolved. PMPM fees are also subject to adjustment for incentives or penalties based on the achievement of certain quality metrics defined in our contracts with payors. We recognize incentive revenue as earned using the most likely amount methodology and only to the extent that it is probable that a significant reversal of cumulative revenue will not occur once any uncertainty is resolved. 
 The determination of these estimates is subject to significant judgment. If these assessments were to change, the timing and amount of our revenue recognized would be impacted, which may be material to our consolidated financial statements. 
 Medical Services Expense and Related Payables 
 Medical services expense represents costs incurred for medical services provided to members by physicians, hospitals and other ancillary providers for which we are financially responsible, and which are paid either directly by us or by payors with whom we have contracted. Medical services expenses are recognized in the period in which services are provided and include estimates of our obligations for medical services that have been rendered by third parties, but for which claims have either not yet been received, processed or paid. 
 73 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Such estimates are based on many variables, including utilization trends and historical and statistical lag analysis, among other factors. The assumptions for making such estimates and establishing liabilities are continually reviewed and updated, and any adjustments resulting therein are reflected in current period earnings. These estimates may differ from actual results, which could be material to our consolidated financial statements. The difference between the estimated liability and the related actual settlement of claims is recognized in the period the claims are settled. 
 If it is determined that our assumptions in estimating such liabilities are significantly different than actual results, our results of operations and financial position could be impacted in future periods. Adjustments of prior period estimates may result in additional medical care expense or a reduction of medical care expense in the period an adjustment is made. Further, due to the considerable variability of healthcare costs, adjustments to claim liabilities occur each period and may be significant as compared to the net income (loss) recorded in that period. 
 The estimate of medical costs payable represents our best estimate of our liability for unpaid medical costs. 
 Impairment of Long-Lived Assets 
 Amortizable intangible assets include health plan contracts, trade names, provider networks, developed software, physician rosters and noncompete enforcement agreements. Amortization expense is computed using the straight-line method over the estimated useful life of these assets. We consider the period of expected cash flows and related underlying data used to measure the fair value of the intangible assets (or the length of time for a noncompete agreement) when selecting a useful life. 
 Intangible assets are subject to impairment tests when events or circumstances indicate that the carrying value of the asset, or related group of assets, may not be recoverable. In such circumstances, we compare the carrying value of an amortizable intangible asset to the estimated future undiscounted cash flows generated by the asset or asset group. The estimated future undiscounted cash flows are calculated using the lowest level of identifiable cash flows that are largely independent of the cash flows of other assets and liabilities. 
 The impairment tests are based on financial projections prepared by us that incorporate anticipated results from programs and initiatives being implemented. If projections are not met, or if negative trends occur that impact the outlook, the value of the intangible assets may be impaired. 
 Goodwill represents the acquired fair value of a business in excess of the fair values of tangible and identifiable intangible assets acquired. We test goodwill for impairment annually and on an interim basis if an event occurs or if circumstances change that would indicate the carrying amount may not be recoverable. When testing goodwill for impairment, we may first assess qualitative factors to determine if it is more likely than not that the carrying value of a reporting unit exceeds its estimated fair value. If the qualitative assessment indicates that it is more likely than not that the carrying value of a reporting unit exceeds its estimated fair value, we perform the quantitative assessment. In the quantitative assessment, an estimate of the fair value of the reporting unit is determined primarily by an income approach, utilizing discounted cash flows and a market approach which considers comparable public companies and related transactions. 
 The determination of the fair value of intangible assets and goodwill involves significant judgment. This judgment is based on our analysis and estimates of fair value of intangible assets and goodwill, future operating results and resulting cash flows, and the period over which we will hold each asset. Our ability to accurately predict future operating results and resulting cash flows, and estimate fair values, impacts the timing and recognition of impairments. While we believe our assumptions are reasonable, changes in these assumptions may have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. 
 Stock-based Compensation 
 Stock-based compensation cost is measured at grant date, based on the fair value of the award, and is recognized (i) on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period for awards subject only to service-based vesting conditions or (ii) upon the achievement of the underlying performance condition for awards subject to such conditions. We 
 74 
 
 Table of Contents 
 determine the fair value of stock-based option awards subject to a service condition on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model, unless the awards are also subject to a market condition, in which case we use a Monte Carlo simulation valuation model. Assumptions for volatility, expected option life and risk free interest rate are used in our models. 
 Certain of our arrangements provided for the vesting of share-based awards to third parties at the time of an initial public offering or sale of a controlling interest Change of Control Event ). Such share-based instruments granted to third parties are accounted for as non-employee awards for which compensation cost is recognized upon the achievement of the underlying performance condition of a Change of Control Event. As the instruments were liability-classified, the amount of shares ultimately issued and related compensation cost were measured at the vesting date in April 2021, as a Change of Control Event was not deemed probable until consummated. Upon our initial public offering, we recognized stock-based compensation cost relating to these share-based instruments of 268.5 million. 
 
 ITEM 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 We are exposed to various market risks, including the potential loss arising from adverse changes in interest rates. We do not use derivative financial instruments in the normal course of business or for speculative or trading purposes. 
 Our exposures to market risk for changes in interest expense relate primarily to the Credit Facilities. Indebtedness under the Credit Facilities is floating rate debt and is carried at amortized cost. Therefore, fluctuations in interest rates will impact our consolidated financial statements. A rising interest rate environment will increase the amount of interest paid on this debt. A hypothetical 100 basis point change in interest rates would not have a material impact on our interest expense. 
 We held cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash equivalents, and marketable securities of 919.6 million and 1.1 billion as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, consisting of bank deposits, certificates of deposits, money market funds, U.S. Treasury notes, and corporate debt securities. Such interest-earning instruments carry a degree of interest rate risk. A hypothetical 100 basis point change in interest rates would not have a material impact on the fair value of our marketable securities. Declines in interest rates over time will reduce our investment income. The goals of our investment policy are liquidity and capital preservation. We do not enter into investments for trading or speculative purposes. 
 75 
 
 Table of Contents 
 ITEM 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 agilon health, inc. 
 Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 F- 1 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F- 4 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 F- 5 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 F- 7 

Consolidated Statements of Contingently Redeemable Common Stock and Stockholders Equity (Deficit) for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 F- 7 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 F- 8 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F- 9 

Schedule I Registrant s Financial Statements 
 F- 39 

76 
 
 Table of Contents 
 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of agilon health, inc. 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of agilon health, inc. (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, contingently redeemable common stock and stockholders equity (deficit), and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and the financial statement schedules in Item 15 (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework),and our report dated March 1, 2023, expressed an adverse opinion thereon. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatements of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
 
 F- 1 
 
 Table of Contents 

Estimating Medicare Advantage risk adjustment revenue 

Description of the Matter 
 As described in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, for the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company had 2,704 million in medical services revenue. Medical services revenue primarily consists of capitation fees under contracts with various Medicare Advantage payors. Under the typical capitation arrangement, the Company is entitled to monthly per-member, per-month PMPM fees to provide a defined range of healthcare services for Medicare Advantage health plan members attributed to the Company s contracted primary care physicians. The transaction price for the Company s capitation contracts is variable, as the PMPM fees to which the Company is entitled are subject to periodic adjustment under the Center for Medicare Medicaid Services CMS risk adjustment payment methodology and it may take a significant amount of time for such PMPM fees, including the periodic adjustments, to finally get settled. Risk adjustment-related revenues are estimated using the most likely amount methodology and amounts are only included in revenue to the extent that it is probable that a significant reversal of cumulative revenue will not occur once any uncertainty is resolved. Auditing the Company s estimation of variable consideration under the CMS risk adjustment methodology, specifically the CMS risk adjustment accrual, was especially challenging because the calculation involves subjective management assumptions about current members health status to determine the risk adjustment payment estimated to be received in the future. 

How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit 
 To test the estimation of variable consideration under the CMS risk adjustment methodology, our audit procedures included, among others, understanding and evaluating the subjective management assumptions used in management s CMS risk adjustment accrual calculation. We evaluated the current members health status utilizing historical experience of the Company and by comparing a sample of members health status assumptions to underlying medical diagnosis data, and other relevant factors. We further reviewed the medical risk adjustment PMPMs on a market by market basis to evaluate consistency in management s accruals. Additionally, we performed a review of prior period estimates using subsequent health plan data and evaluated management s related disclosures. 

F- 2 
 
 Table of Contents 

Valuation of incurred but not reported claims 

Description of the Matter 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company s medical claims and related payables totaled 347 million, substantially all of which related to the Company s estimate for claims that have been incurred but have either not yet been received, processed, or paid and as such, not reported IBNR ). As discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, management develops its IBNR liability estimate using actuarial methods commonly used by health insurance actuaries that include a number of factors and assumptions, including medical service utilization trends, changes in membership, observed medical cost trends, historical claims payment patterns and other factors. Auditing management s estimate of the IBNR liability was complex and required the involvement of actuarial specialists due to the highly judgmental nature of the factors and assumptions used in the measurement process. These assumptions have a significant effect on the valuation of the IBNR liability. 

How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit 
 To test the IBNR liability, our audit procedures included, among others, testing the completeness and accuracy of data used in the Company s models by testing reconciliations of underlying claims and membership data recorded in source systems to the actuarial reserve models, and comparing claims to source documentation, including statements and claims data received from health plans. With the assistance of our actuarial specialists, we used the Company s underlying claims, membership data and generally accepted actuarial methodologies used within the industry to develop an independent range of IBNR estimates and compared those estimates to management s recorded IBNR liability. Additionally, we performed a review of prior period estimates using subsequent claims development, and we evaluated management s IBNR disclosures. 

/s/ 
 
 We have served as the Company's auditor since 2017. 
 
 March 1, 2023 
 F- 3 
 
 Table of Contents 
 agilon health, inc. 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (In thousands, except per share data) 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Restricted cash and equivalents 

Marketable securities 

Receivables, net 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets, net 

Total current assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Intangible assets, net 

Goodwill 

Other assets, net 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

Current liabilities: 

Medical claims and related payables 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Current portion of long-term debt 

Total current liabilities 

Long-term debt, net of current portion 

Other liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies 

Stockholders' equity (deficit): 

Common stock, par value: shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

() 

() 

Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) 

() 

Total agilon health, inc. stockholders' equity (deficit) 

Noncontrolling interests 

() 

() 

Total stockholders equity (deficit) 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity (deficit) 

The consolidated balance sheets include assets and liabilities of consolidated variable interest entities VIEs as agilon health, inc., together with its consolidated subsidiaries and variable interest entities (the Company ), is the primary beneficiary of these VIEs. The consolidated balance sheets include total assets that can be used only to settle obligations of the Company s consolidated VIEs totaling million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and total liabilities of the Company s consolidated VIEs for which creditors do not have recourse to the general credit of the primary beneficiary of million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. See Note 18 for additional details. 
 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 F- 4 
 
 Table of Contents 
 agilon health, inc. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (In thousands, except per share data) 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Revenues: 

Medical services revenue 

Other operating revenue 

Total revenues 

Expenses: 

Medical services expense 

Other medical expenses 

General and administrative (including noncash stock-based compensation expense of , , and , respectively) 

Depreciation and amortization 

Total expenses 

Income (loss) from operations 

() 

() 

() 

Other income (expense): 

Other income (expense), net 

() 

Gain (loss) on lease terminations 

() 

Interest expense 

() 

() 

() 

Income (loss) before income taxes 

() 

() 

() 

Income tax benefit (expense) 

() 

() 

() 

Income (loss) from continuing operations 

() 

() 

() 

Discontinued operations: 

Income (loss) before gain (loss) on sales and income taxes 

() 

() 

Gain (loss) on sales of assets, net 

Income tax benefit (expense) 

() 

Total discontinued operations 

() 

Net income (loss) 

() 

() 

() 

Noncontrolling interests share in (earnings) loss 

Net income (loss) attributable to common shares 

() 

() 

() 

Net income (loss) per common share, basic and diluted 

Continuing operations 

() 

() 

() 

Discontinued operations 

Weighted average shares outstanding, basic and diluted 

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 F- 5 
 
 Table of Contents 
 agilon health, inc. 
 C ONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 
 (in thousands) 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Net income (loss) 

() 

() 

() 

Other comprehensive income (loss): 

Net unrealized gain (loss) on marketable securities, net of tax 

() 

Total comprehensive income (loss) 

() 

() 

() 

Comprehensive (income) loss attributable to noncontrolling interests 

Total comprehensive income (loss) attributable to agilon health, inc. 

() 

() 

() 

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 F- 6 
 
 Table of Contents 
 agilon health, inc. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CONTINGENTLY REDEE MABLE COMMON STOCK AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 
 (In thousands) 

Contingently Redeemable Common Stock 

Total Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 

Common Stock 

Additional Paid-In 

Accumulated 

Accumulated Other Comprehensive 

Noncontrolling 

Total Stockholders Equity 

Shares 

Amount 

Shares 

Amount 

Capital 

Deficit 

Income (loss) 

Interests 

(Deficit) 

January 1, 2020 

() 

() 

Net income (loss) 

() 

() 

Issuance of contingently redeemable common stock 

() 

() 

Issuance of common stock 

Repurchase of common stock 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Exercises and vesting of stock-based awards 

Settlement of stock-based liabilities 

Stock-based compensation expense 

January 1, 2021 

() 

() 

Net income (loss) 

() 

() 

() 

Reclassification of contingently redeemable common stock in connection with IPO 

() 

() 

Issuance of common stock in connection with IPO, net of offering costs 

Issuance of common stock under partner physician group equity agreements upon IPO 

Exercises and vesting of stock-based awards 

Stock-based compensation expense 

January 1, 2022 

() 

() 

Net income (loss) 

() 

() 

() 

Other comprehensive income (loss) 

() 

() 

Exercise of stock options 

Vesting of restricted stock units 

() 

Shares withheld related to net share settlement 

() 

() 

() 

Stock-based compensation expense 

December 31, 2022 

() 

() 

() 

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 F- 7 
 
 Table of Contents 
 agilon health, inc. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (In thousands) 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net income (loss) 

() 

() 

() 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Stock-based compensation expense 

Loss on debt extinguishment 

Loss (income) from equity method investments 

() 

() 

Deferred income taxes and uncertain tax positions 

() 

() 

Release of indemnification assets 

(Gain) loss on sale of assets, net 

() 

() 

Distributions of earnings from equity method investments 

Other non-cash items 

() 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Receivables, net 

() 

() 

() 

Prepaid expense and other current assets 

() 

() 

() 

Other assets 

() 

() 

Medical claims and related payables 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Other liabilities 

() 

() 

Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 

() 

() 

() 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Purchase of property and equipment 

() 

() 

() 

Purchase of intangible assets 

() 

() 

() 

Investments in loans receivable and other 

() 

() 

() 

Investments in marketable securities 

() 

Proceeds from maturities and sales of marketable securities and other 

Proceeds from sale of business and property, net of cash divested 

() 

Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 

() 

() 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Proceeds from initial public offering 

Proceeds from other equity issuances, net 

Repurchase of shares, net 

() 

Proceeds from the issuance of long-term debt 

Repayments of long-term borrowings and other 

() 

() 

() 

Equity and debt issuance costs and other 

() 

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash and equivalents 

() 

() 

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash and equivalents from continuing operations, beginning of year 

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash and equivalents from discontinued operations, beginning of year 

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash and equivalents, beginning of year 

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash and equivalents from continuing operations, end of year 

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash and equivalents from discontinued operations, end of year 

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash and equivalents, end of year 

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 F- 8 
 
 Table of Contents 
 agilon health, inc. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Medicare Advantage MA members enrolled with private health plans in states. agilon health, inc. was incorporated in the state of Delaware in April 2017. The following provides information regarding the Company s recent strategic partnerships to deliver healthcare services: During 2020, the Company entered into a strategic partnership to further expand its operations beginning April 1, 2020 into Wilmington, North Carolina. Additionally, during 2020, the Company entered into strategic partnerships to further expand its operations beginning January 1, 2021 into: (i) Buffalo, New York; (ii) Toledo, Ohio; and (iii) Hartford, Connecticut. In December 2020, the Company entered into a strategic partnership to further expand its operations beginning January 1, 2022 into Syracuse, New York. 

 During 2021, the Company entered into strategic partnerships to further expand its operations beginning January 1, 2022 into: (i) Grand Rapids and Traverse City, Michigan; (ii) Pinehurst, North Carolina; and (iii) Longview and Texarkana, Texas, along with additional partnerships in the Company s existing Ohio and Texas markets. 

 On April 1, 2021, the Company, in collaboration with of its physician group partners, launched Direct Contracting Entities DCE that are participating in the Center for Medicare Medicaid Innovation s CMMI Direct Contracting Model . 

 Beginning January 1, 2022, the Company also began operating three additional DCEs, in collaboration with five of its physician group partners, which is being redesigned and renamed the Accountable Care Organization Realizing Equity, Access, and Community Health ACO REACH Model beginning in 2023. 

 During 2022, the Company entered into strategic partnerships to further expand its operations beginning January 1, 2023 into: (i) Portland, Maine; (ii) St. Paul, Minnesota; (iii) Charleston, South Carolina; and (iv) Jackson, Tennessee, along with additional partnerships in the Company s existing North Carolina, Michigan and Texas markets. 

 See Note 18 for additional discussions related to the Company s involvement with variable interest entities. The Company s largest shareholder is an investment fund associated with Clayton Dubilier Rice, LLC CD R ), a private equity firm headquartered in New York, New York. All funds affiliated with CD R are considered related parties. Initial Public Offering On April 19, 2021, the Company completed its initial public offering IPO in which it issued and sold an aggregate million shares of common stock at per share. The Company received net proceeds of approximately billion after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and before deducting offering costs of million. Upon the completion of the IPO, the Company issued million shares of common stock under partner physician group equity agreements and recognized stock-based compensation expense of million in April 2021. Additionally, as of December 31, 2021, the Company provided million, net in financing to physician partner groups in connection with taxes payable on shares distributed to them upon completion of the IPO. Such amounts are included in other assets, net in the consolidated balance sheets. See Note 8. The Company also recognized million of expense related to stock options that vested upon the completion of the IPO in 2021 and million of expense related to a severance payment to its former chief executive officer contingent upon the completion of the IPO. In connection with the IPO, the Company s Board of Directors approved the agilon health, inc. 2021 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan. The equity awards approved by the compensation committee for grants to employees in connection with the completion of the IPO represent million shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise or vesting of such awards. In connection with the completion of the IPO, the Company s management agreement with CD R was terminated as of April 16, 2021. The Company was not charged a fee in connection with the termination of this agreement. 

it is (or is not) the primary beneficiary of a VIE. That assessment involves the consideration of various factors, including, but not limited to, the form of the Company s ownership interest, its representation on the VIE s governing body, the size and seniority of its investment, its ability and the rights of other variable interest holders to participate in policy making decisions, its ability to manage its ownership interest relative to the other variable interest holders, and its ability to liquidate the entity. 
 
 Receivables Receivables primarily consist of amounts due under capitation contracts with various payors. Receivables due under capitation contracts are recorded monthly based on reports received from payors and management s estimate of risk adjustment payments to be received in subsequent periods for open performance years. Receivables are recorded at the amount expected to be collected. 
 
 In the quantitative assessment, the fair value of the reporting unit is determined primarily by an income approach, utilizing discounted cash flows and a market approach looking at comparable companies and related transactions. An impairment is recognized only to the extent that the carrying value of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value. If the fair value exceeds the carrying amount, goodwill is not considered impaired. Amortizable intangible assets primarily relate to health plan contracts, trade names, provider networks and noncompete enforcement agreements. Amortizable intangible assets are amortized using the straight-line method over the useful life of these assets, generally between two and years. The Company considers the period of expected cash flows and related underlying data used to measure the fair value of the intangible assets (or the length of time for a noncompete agreement) when selecting a useful life. Amortizable intangible assets are subject to impairment tests when events or circumstances indicate that the carrying value of the asset, or related asset group, may not be recoverable. The Company compares the carrying value of an amortizable intangible asset (or asset group) to the future undiscounted cash flows generated by the asset (or asset group). The expected future undiscounted cash flows are calculated using the lowest level of identifiable cash flows that are largely independent of the cash flows of other assets and liabilities. When the carrying value of an intangible asset (or asset group) exceeds its expected future undiscounted cash flows, an impairment charge is recognized to the extent that the carrying value of the asset (or asset group) exceeds its fair value. 
 
 million and million, respectively. 

Furniture and fixtures 

Leasehold improvements are depreciated over the shorter of the assets estimated useful life or term of the lease. 
 or less) are not recorded as ROU assets or liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets. For short-term leases, the Company recognizes rent expense in the consolidated statements of operations on a straight-line basis over the lease term. 

generate sufficient future taxable income to realize the deferred tax assets. A valuation allowance is established for deferred tax assets, which the Company does not believe meet the more likely than not threshold. The Company s judgments regarding future taxable income may change over time due to changes in market conditions, changes in tax laws, tax planning strategies, or other factors. If the Company s assumptions and, consequently, its estimates, change in the future, the valuation allowance may materially increase or decrease, resulting in a decrease or increase, respectively, in income tax benefit and the related impact on the Company s reported net income (loss). 

million and recognized a gain on sale of million. In October 2020, the Company disposed of its Fresno, California operations for a gross sales price of million and recognized a gain on sale of approximately million. In December 2020, the Company signed a definitive agreement to sell its remaining California operations for a gross sales price of million. The sale closed in February 2021. The Company s decision to exit California and the Medicaid line of business represents a strategic shift that will have a major effect on its operations and financial results. As such, the Company s California operations are reflected in the consolidated financial statements as discontinued operations. See Note 20 for additional information. 

Payor B 

Payor C 

Payor D 

Less than of total revenues. The following table provides the Company s concentrations of credit risk with respect to major payors as a percentage of receivables, net: 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Payor A 

Payor B 

Payor C 

Payor D 

Payor E 

Less than of total receivables. 

F- 17 
 
 Table of Contents 

() 

U.S. Treasury notes 

() 

Other 

() 

() 

million, of which million was related to its marketable securities investments and million was related to interest on cash and cash equivalent balances. At December 31, 2022, substantially all the Company's investment positions were in an unrealized loss position. The Company s unrealized losses from marketable securities as of December 31, 2022 were caused primarily by interest rate increases. At December 31, 2022, the Company had million marketable securities in an unrealized loss position for less than twelve months. The Company does not intend to sell marketable securities that are in an unrealized loss position, and it is not more likely than not that the Company will be required to sell the investments before recovery of their amortized cost bases, which may be maturity. Therefore, the Company believes these losses to be temporary. There was allowance for credit losses on available-for-sale marketable securities at December 31, 2022. 

2024 

2025 

Fair Value Measurements 

U.S. Treasury notes 

Other 

F- 18 
 
 Table of Contents 

Furniture and fixtures 

Leasehold improvements 

Less: accumulated depreciation 

() 

() 

Property and equipment, net 

For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 , the Company recognized million, million, and million, respectively, in depreciation expense, which is included in depreciation and amortization expense in the consolidated statements of operations. 

Lease liabilities: 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Other liabilities 

Total operating lease liabilities 

Short-term lease costs 

Variable lease costs 

Total lease costs 

ROU asset obtained in exchange for new lease liability: 

Operating leases 

Weighted average discount rate: 

Operating leases 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Undiscounted minimum lease payments payable 

Less: imputed interest 

() 

Present value of lease liability 

million was allocated to the Company s Hawaii reporting unit, which has a negative carrying amount of net assets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Company completed the required annual goodwill impairment test during the fourth quarters of 2022 and 2021, and impairment was recognized. Amortizable Intangible Assets 

() 

Trade names 
 
 - 

() 

Provider networks 
 
 - 

() 

Noncompete enforcement agreements 
 
 - 

() 

Other 
 
 - 

() 

() 

The following table summarizes the Company s amortizable intangible assets as of December 31, 2021 (dollars in thousands): 

Useful Life (Years) 
 
 Gross Carrying Amount 

Accumulated Amortization 

Net Carrying Value 

Health plan contracts 

() 

Trade names 
 
 - 

() 

Provider networks 
 
 - 

() 

Noncompete enforcement agreements 
 
 - 

() 

Other 
 
 - 

() 

() 

For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, the Company recognized million, million, and million, respectively, in amortization expense which is included in depreciation and amortization expense in the consolidated statements of operations. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Health plan deposits 

Equity method investments 

Right of use asset 

Other 

See Note 6 for additional discussions related to right of use asset and Note 18 for equity method liabilities related to the Company's DCE investments. 
 Loans to Physician Partners The Company provided loans to its physician partners in connection with taxes payable on shares distributed to them in connection with the IPO. See Note 1. These loans mature between 2026 and 2031 with nominal interest compounding annually and no prepayment penalties. Such loans are stated at the amount expected to be collected. 

 F- 21 
 
 Table of Contents 

Components of incurred costs related to: 

Current year 

Prior years 

() 

Discontinued operations - current year 

Discontinued operations - prior years 

() 

() 

Claims paid related to: 

Current year 

() 

() 

() 

Prior years 

() 

() 

() 

Discontinued operations - current year 

() 

() 

Discontinued operations - prior years 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Medical claims and related payables, end of the year 

Beginning and ending balances of medical claims and related payables disclosed above for December 31, 2020, include million and million, respectively, that are presented as current liabilities held for sale and discontinued operations. As of December 31, 2021 and 2020 , medical claims and related payables also include million and million, respectively, of claims liabilities associated with certain divested California businesses for which the Company has retained the liability for claims incurred prior to the date of divestiture. Ending balance of medical claims and related payables disclosed above for December 31, 2022, includes million that is recoverable from other parties under risk sharing arrangements and is presented as prepaid expenses and other current assets, net in the consolidated balance sheets. 

Lease liabilities, long-term 

Equity method liabilities - DCEs 

Other 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had contingent liabilities of million and million, respectively, related to unasserted claims. While the Company intends to vigorously defend its position in the event of any assertion of such claims, it has established a liability for the potential exposure, including interest and penalties. Additionally, the Company estimated the range of reasonably possible losses in excess of reserves accrued on the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2022 to be to million. See Note 18 for equity method liabilities related to the Company's DCE investments. 

 F- 22 
 
 Table of Contents 
 million secured term loan (the 2021 Secured Term Loan Facility and (ii) a million senior secured revolving credit facility (the 2021 Secured Revolving Facility with a capacity to issue standby letters of credit in certain circumstances up to a maximum of million. Subject to specified conditions and receipt of commitments, the 2021 Secured Term Loan Facility may be expanded (or a new term loan facility, revolving credit facility or letter of credit facility added) by up to (i) million plus (ii) an additional amount determined in accordance with a formula tied to repayment of certain of the Company s indebtedness. The proceeds from the 2021 Secured Term Loan Facility were used to refinance an aggregate of million of outstanding indebtedness under the prior credit facility and unsecured debt, with the remaining million of net proceeds used for working capital and other general corporate purposes. The maturity date of the 2021 Credit Facilities was or, following the completion of an IPO, February 18, 2026 with mandated periodic payments. In connection with the refinance of the existing debt, the Company recognized million of additional interest expense for the write-off of the related debt issuance costs. The 2021 Secured Term Loan Facility required, among other things, a mandatory prepayment of million if gross proceeds from the IPO exceeded billion. On April 26, 2021, the Company repaid million of the 2021 Secured Term Loan Facility. The maturity date of the 2021 Credit Facilities was extended to . As of December 31, 2022, the Company had million outstanding under the 2021 Secured Term Loan Facility and availability under the 2021 Secured Revolving Facility was million, as the Company had outstanding letters of credit totaling million, of which million was for the Company's DCE investments, see Note 18 for additional discussion related to DCEs. The standby letters of credit are automatically extended without amendment for periods, unless the Company notifies the institution in advance of the expiration date that the letter will be terminated. amounts have been drawn on the outstanding letters of credit as of December 31, 2022. At the Company s option, borrowings under the 2021 Credit Facilities, as defined in the credit agreement, can be either: (i) LIBO Rate Loans or (ii) Base Rate Loans. LIBO Rate Loans bear interest at a rate equal to the sum of (stepping down to on and following October 1, 2023) and the higher of (a) LIBO, as defined in the credit agreement, and (b) . Base Rate Loans bear interest at a rate equal to the sum of (stepping down to on and following October 1, 2023) and the highest of: (a) in excess of the overnight federal funds rate, (b) the prime rate established by the administrative agent from time to time, (c) the one-month LIBO rate (adjusted for maximum reserves) plus and (d) . Additionally, the Company pays a commitment fee on the unfunded 2021 Secured Revolving Facility amount of (stepping down to on and following October 1, 2023). The Company must also pay customary letter of credit fees. As of December 31, 2022, the weighted average effective interest rate on the 2021 Secured Term Loan Facility was . The 2021 Credit Facilities are guaranteed by certain of the Company s subsidiaries, including those identified as VIEs, and contain customary covenants including, among other things, limitations on restricted payments such as: (i) dividends and distributions from restricted subsidiaries, (ii) requirements of minimum financial ratios, and (iii) limitation on additional borrowings based on certain financial ratios. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

Debt costs 

() 

Unsecured Debt As of December 31, 2020, the Company had a million unsecured credit agreement with a lender affiliated with CD R (the unsecured debt ), which was repaid in 2021 with the proceeds from the 2021 Secured Term Loan Facility as discussed above. 

 organizations if errors are identified and influence the calculation of premium payments by CMS to MA plans. On January 30, 2023, CMS released a final rule, announcing it may use extrapolation for payment years 2018 forward, for both RADV audits and Office of Inspector General audits and eliminated the application of a fee-for-service Adjuster in Part C contract-level RADV audits of Medicare Advantage organizations. The Company's payors are subject to audit by government health plans, including, but not limited to, CMS, in connection with the MA program. The Company is currently unable to predict the results of RADV audits on its financial condition, operating results, or cash flows. Contractual Obligations 

(1) 

billion shares of common stock, par value per share. Every holder of record of common shares entitled to vote at a meeting of stockholders is entitled to one vote for each share outstanding. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued approximately million shares of common stock primarily in connection with exercises and vesting of stock-based awards. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued approximately million shares of common stock primarily in connection with exercises and vesting of stock-based awards. On April 14, 2021, the Company priced the IPO of its common stock at an offering price of per share for million shares. On April 15, 2021, the underwriters exercised their option to purchase an additional million shares of common stock. On April 19, 2021, the Company s sale of an aggregate of million shares of common stock was completed, see Note 1. Upon the completion of the IPO, the Company issued million shares of common stock under partner physician group equity agreements and recognized stock-based compensation expense of million in April 2021, see Note 1. During 2020, the Company issued and sold approximately million shares of common stock to certain officers and directors at a purchase price of per share and received aggregate proceeds of million. In August 2020, the Company issued approximately shares of common stock to settle provider compensation liabilities of million. Also in 2020, the Company repurchased million shares of common stock for million and issued approximately million shares of common stock in connection with exercises and vesting of stock-based awards. Contingently Redeemable Common Stock During 2020, the Company closed private placements to third-party investors in which it issued and sold million shares of contingently redeemable common stock at a purchase price of per share and received aggregate proceeds of million. The contingently redeemable common stock had a redemption feature that required the Company, in certain limited circumstances, to repurchase stock. Because the redemption feature was outside the control of the Company, the related capital contribution did not qualify as permanent equity and was classified as temporary equity in the mezzanine section of the consolidated balance sheets. The common stock that was classified as temporary equity was recorded at an initial carrying value equal to the gross proceeds received, which represented their fair value at the date of issuance. The redemption feature of the Company s contingently redeemable common stock terminated upon the completion of the IPO in April 2021. Accordingly, such common stock was reclassified from temporary equity in the mezzanine section of the consolidated balance sheet to permanent equity, see Note 1. 

 million shares related to employee stock options, of which million shares remain available for grant as of December 31, 2022. Shares granted are not transferrable, except upon the employee s death, repurchase by the Company, or with the Company s consent. The Omnibus Incentive Plan provides for the grant of stock options, restricted stock awards, restricted stock units RSUs ), performance-based awards, and other awards. Stock options expire years after the date of grant and forfeiture of awards is recognized as it occurs. The stock options granted under the Plan generally consist of: (i) stock options that vest in four equal annual installments, subject to the employee s continued service until the applicable vesting date (the Base Options ), and (ii) stock options that vest if CD R realizes a certain return on its investment, subject to the employee s continuous employment through such date and beyond, in certain grants (the Upside Options ). Stock Options Base Options . Compensation cost for Base Options is recognized on a straight-line basis generally over the requisite vesting period of four years. The fair value of each Base Option was estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. Expected volatilities are based on the historical equity volatility of comparable publicly traded companies. The expected term of Base Options is calculated via the simplified method and reflects the midpoint between the vesting date and the end of the contractual term, as our historical share option exercise experience does not provide a reasonable basis upon which to estimate the expected term. The risk-free rates utilized for periods throughout the contractual life of Base Options are based on U.S. Treasury security yields at the time of grant. - 

- 

- 

Expected dividends 

Expected volatility 
 
 - 

- 

- 

Expected term (in years) 

Granted 

Exercised 

() 

Forfeited 

() 

Stock options outstanding as of December 31, 2022 

Expected to vest as of December 31, 2022 

Exercisable as of December 31, 2022 

The weighted-average grant-date fair value of Base Options granted during the year ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 was , , and , respectively, per option. The total intrinsic value of Base Options exercised for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 was million, million, and million, respectively. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recognized million and million, respectively, of stock-based compensation expense related to Base Options. During the year ended December 31, 2020, the total stock-based compensation expense related to Base Options was million, of which million is recorded in income (loss) from discontinued operations in the consolidated statements of operations. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested Base Options, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of approximately . Additionally, the Company recognized million of expense related to stock options that vested upon the completion of the IPO in April 2021, which are included in general and administrative expenses in the statements of operations. Upside Options . Upside Options vest if CD R realizes a certain return on its investment, subject to the employee s continuous employment through such date and beyond, in certain grants. During the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company did not recognize any stock-based compensation expense related to Upside Options as achievement of the underlying performance condition was not probable. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recognized million of stock-based compensation expense as a result of the satisfaction of a performance condition associated with Upside options. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized million of stock-based compensation expense related to Upside Options. The fair value of Upside Options was estimated on the date of grant using the Monte Carlo simulation model. 

Exercised 

() 

Forfeited 

() 

Stock options outstanding as of December 31, 2022 

Expected to vest as of December 31, 2022 

Exercisable as of December 31, 2022 

The weighted-average grant-date fair value of Upside Options granted during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 was and , respectively, per option. No Upside Options were granted in 2022. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested Upside Options, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of approximately . Restricted Stock Units Restricted stock awards, including restricted stock units and performance stock units are granted subject to certain restrictions. Conditions of vesting are determined at the time of grant. The fair market value of restricted stock units, both time vesting and those subject to specific performance criteria, are expensed over the period of vesting. Restricted stock units, which vest based solely upon passage of time and requisite service generally vest over the requisite period of four years. Performance stock units, which are restricted stock units that vest dependent upon attainment of various levels of performance that equal or exceed threshold levels, generally vest in their entirety at the end of the relevant performance period, generally three years. The number of shares that ultimately vest can vary from to of target depending on the level of achievement of the performance criteria. The fair value of restricted stock units and performance stock units are determined based on the closing market price of the Company's shares on the grant date. The value of the shares withheld to settle tax withholding obligations is dependent on the closing market price of the Company s common stock on the trading date prior to the relevant transaction occurring. 

Granted 

Vested 

() 

Forfeited 

() 

Unvested as of December 31, 2022 

For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, the Company recognized million, million, and million, respectively, of stock-based compensation expense related to RSUs. The weighted-average grant-date fair value of RSUs granted during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 was , , and , respectively. The total fair value of RSUs vested during 2022 was million. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to RSUs, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of approximately three years. Non-Employee Awards Certain of the Company s agreements provide for the granting of certain stock-based instruments to third parties (the Physician Partners Equity Awards ). The Company's Board of Directors approved million shares to be granted as Physician Partners Equity Awards, of which million shares remain available for grant as of December 31, 2022. The fair market value of restricted stock units, both time vesting and those subject to specific performance criteria, are expensed over the period of vesting. Restricted stock units, which vest based solely upon passage of time and requisite service generally vest over the requisite period of two years. Performance stock units, which are restricted stock units that vest dependent upon attainment of various levels of performance that equal or exceed threshold levels, generally vest in their entirety at the end of the relevant performance period, from one to four years. The number of shares that ultimately vest can vary from to of target depending on the level of achievement of the performance criteria. The fair value of restricted stock units and performance stock units are determined based on the closing market price of the Company's shares on the grant date. No shares are withheld to settle tax withholding obligations of the physician partners. The following table 

Granted 

Vested 

() 

Unvested as of December 31, 2022 

the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recognized million and million, respectively, of stock-based compensation expense related to Physician Partner Equity Awards. The weighted-average grant-date fair value of Physician Partner Equity Awards granted during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to Physician Partner Equity Awards, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of approximately . Upon the completion of the IPO, the Company issued million shares of common stock under partner physician group equity agreements and recognized stock-based compensation expense of million in April 2021. Various of the Company s agreements provided for the vesting of certain stock-based instruments to third parties (physician partners) at the time of an initial public offering, or upon the occurrence of certain events deemed a change of control in the Company or certain of the Company's subsidiaries Change of Control Event ). The stock-based instruments granted to third parties were accounted for as non-employee awards for which compensation cost was recognized upon achievement of the underlying performance condition of a Change of Control Eve nt. As the instruments were liability-classified, the amount of shares ultimately issued and related compensation cost was measured on the vesting date. A Change of Control Event is not deemed probable until consummated. 

 F- 29 
 
 Table of Contents 

State 

Deferred: 

Federal 

() 

State 

() 

() 

() 

Income tax expense (benefit) 

() 

() 

() 

Increase (decrease) in taxes resulting from: 

State taxes, net of federal impact 

Stock-based compensation 

() 

() 

Nondeductible compensation 

Unrecognized tax benefit 

() 

Permanent differences 

() 

Valuation allowance 

Other, net 

() 

Income tax expense (benefit) 

The net deferred tax liability comprises the tax effect of temporary differences between U.S. GAAP and tax reporting related to the recognition of income and expenses. The net deferred income tax liabilities are included in other liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets. 

State taxes 

Accrued expenses 

Transaction costs 

Stock-based compensation 

Lease liabilities 

Interest limitation 

Intangible assets 

Other, net 

Total deferred income tax assets 

Deferred income tax liabilities: 

Property and equipment 

() 

ROU assets 

() 

() 

Intangible assets 

() 

() 

Investments in partnerships and affiliates 

() 

() 

Total deferred income tax liabilities 

() 

() 

Valuation allowance 

() 

() 

Net deferred income tax liabilities 

() 

() 

The Company regularly reviews its deferred tax assets for recoverability and establishes a valuation allowance when it is more likely than not that some portion, or all, of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. In making this assessment, the Company is required to consider all available positive and negative evidence to determine whether, based on such evidence, it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the net deferred tax assets will not be realized in future periods. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company believed that it is more likely than not that its deferred tax assets in excess of deferred tax liabilities will not be realized. Accordingly, the Company has provided a valuation allowance of million and million on the Company s deferred tax assets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The increase in valuation allowance of million recorded in current year activities is primarily attributable to current year losses. The net deferred tax liability as of December 31, 2022 principally relates to deferred tax liabilities associated with long-term investments in partnerships and affiliates, which are expected to reverse against net operating losses which can only offset of taxable income. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has federal and state net operating losses of billion and million, respectively. As of December 31, 2021, the Company has federal and state net operating losses of billion and million, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, billion of the total federal net operating losses are carried forward as indefinite-lived net operating losses. The remaining net operating losses are carried forward and will expire beginning in if unutilized. Utilization of these operating loss carryforwards may be subject to an annual limitation based on changes in ownership, as defined by Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. As of December 31, 2022, million and million of the Company s federal and state net operating loss carryforward, respectively, are attributable to prior acquisition transactions and are subject to Section 382 limitations. The Company s analysis indicates that none of the acquired net operating loss carryforwards will expire unutilized solely as a result of the Section 382 limitations. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has both federal and state capital loss carryforward of million, which will expire in 2026 if unused. Unrecognized Tax Benefits As of December 31, 2022, the Company had unrecognized tax benefits of million, million of which, if recognized, would impact its effective tax rate. As of December 31, 2021, the Company had unrecognized tax benefits of million, million of which, if recognized, would impact its effective tax rate. As of December 31, 2020, the Company had unrecognized tax benefits of million, million of which, if recognized, would impact its effective tax rate. 

Additions related to current year 

Additions (reductions) related to prior years 

() 

Reductions related to settlements with taxing authorities 

() 

() 

Reductions related to the lapse of applicable statute of limitations 

() 

Balance at end of the year 

As of December 31, 2022, the Company recorded a liability for unrecognized tax benefit of million, inclusive of million of accrued interest and penalties. As of December 31, 2021, the Company recorded a liability for unrecognized tax benefit of million, inclusive of million of accrued interest and penalties. As of December 31, 2020, the Company recorded a liability for unrecognized tax benefit of million, inclusive of million of accrued interest and penalties. As of both December 31, 2022 and 2021, million of unrecognized benefits were reflected as a reduction in deferred tax asset balances. The unrecognized tax benefit of million is subject to a tax indemnification agreement between the prior owners of some of the Company s California subsidiaries and the Company. Thus, the Company does not bear significant risk for these uncertain tax positions, as any assessment on future tax examinations is expected to be recovered from the prior owners. The indemnification assets are reflected in other assets in the consolidated balance sheets. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company reversed million of tax liability and million of accrued interest on unrecognized tax benefits due to payments of an amended state return related to the period ended June 30, 2016. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company reversed million of tax liability, million of accrued interest and million of accrued penalties on unrecognized tax benefits and realized a tax benefit of million attributable to discontinued operations due to the settlement of the IRS exam for the period ended June 30, 2016. During the year ended December 31, 2020, due to expiration of the 2015 state statute of limitations, the Company reversed million of tax liability, million of accrued interest and million of accrued penalties on unrecognized tax benefits and realized a tax benefit of million attributable to discontinued operations. The tax benefit from the statute expiration was offset by million, million, and million of additional accruals for taxes, interest, and penalties, respectively, on uncertain tax positions during 2020 resulting in a net tax benefit of million attributable to discontinued operations. It is reasonably possible that during the next 12 months the Company may realize a million decrease in its liability for uncertain tax positions, inclusive of million related to the reversal of interest and penalties on uncertain tax positions, as a result of closing of the tax years. The amount of income taxes the Company pays is subject to ongoing audits. The estimate of the potential outcome of any uncertain tax issue is subject to management s assessment of the relevant risks, facts, and circumstances existing at the time. However, future results of operations may include favorable or unfavorable adjustments to the estimated tax liabilities in the period the assessments are made or resolved. The Company operates in several taxing jurisdictions, including U.S. federal and multiple U.S. states. The statute of limitations has expired for all tax years prior to 2019 for federal and prior to 2016 for various state tax purposes. However, the net operating loss generated on the Company s federal and state tax returns in prior years may be subject to adjustments by the federal and state tax authorities. For additional discussion regarding income taxes and unrecognized tax benefits related to discontinued operations, see Note 20. On August 16, 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act was signed into law. The Inflation Reduction Act includes various tax provisions, which are effective for tax years beginning on or after January 1, 2023. For tax years beginning after December 31, 2021, the Tax Cuts Jobs Act of 2017 eliminated the option to deduct research and development expenditures as incurred and instead required taxpayers to capitalize and amortize them over five or 15 years beginning in 2022. These changes in tax laws did not have a material impact on the Company s results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Company will continue to monitor possible future impact of changes in tax legislation. 

() 

() 

Noncontrolling interests share in (earnings) loss from continuing operations 

Net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders before discontinued operations 

() 

() 

() 

Income (loss) from discontinued operations 

() 

Net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders 

() 

() 

() 

Denominator 

Weighted average shares outstanding, basic and diluted 

Net income (loss) per share attributable to common stockholders 

Net income (loss) per common share from continuing operations, basic and diluted 

() 

() 

() 

Net income (loss) per common share from discontinued operations, basic and diluted 

Basic net income (loss) per share is the same as diluted net income (loss) per share for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 as the inclusion of all potential common shares outstanding would have been anti-dilutive. 

Stock options - market and performance condition (1) 

Restricted stock units 

(1) 

F- 33 
 
 Table of Contents 

Income taxes paid (refunded), net 

Supplemental disclosure of non-cash financing activities: 

Reclassification of contingently redeemable common stock in connection with IPO 

Issuance of common stock under partner physician group equity agreements upon IPO 

Offering costs accrued at end of period 

Non-cash investment in unconsolidated subsidiaries 

Settlement of stock-based liabilities 

Settlement of loans receivable with services provided 

Restricted cash and equivalents 

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash equivalents 

F- 34 
 
 Table of Contents 

Restricted cash equivalents 

Receivables, net 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets, net 

Property and equipment, net 

Intangible assets, net 

Other assets, net 

Liabilities (1) 

Medical claims and related payables 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Other liabilities 

(1) 

Risk-bearing Entities. At December 31, 2022, the Company operates wholly-owned risk-bearing entities RBEs for the purpose of entering into risk-bearing contracts with payors. Each RBE s equity at risk is considered insufficient to finance its activities without additional support, and, therefore, each RBE is considered a VIE. The Company also has the obligation to fund losses of the RBEs and the right to receive a significant percentage of any financial surplus generated by the RBEs. The assets of the RBEs primarily consist of cash and cash equivalents, receivables, net, intangible assets, net, and other assets, net; its obligations primarily consist of medical claims and related payables as well as operating expenses of the RBEs (accounts payable and accrued expenses), including incentive compensation obligations to the Company s physician partners. On February 18, 2021, the Company executed the Credit Facilities, which are guaranteed by certain of the Company s VIEs. Assets generated by the RBEs (primarily from medical services revenues) may be used, in certain limited circumstances, to settle the Company s contractual debt obligations. Unconsolidated Variable Interest Entities As of December 31, 2022, the Co mpany had equity method investments (liabilities) that were deemed to be VIEs. The Company has determined that the activities that most significantly impact the performance of these VIEs consist of the allocation of resources to and other decisions related to clinical activities and provider contracting decisions. Because the Company does not have the ability to control these activities due to another party s control of the VIEs board of directors, the Company has determined that it is not the primary beneficiary of and therefore does not consolidate these VIEs. The Company's maximum loss exposure as a result of the Company s involvement with the VIEs cannot be quantified as the Company has the obligation to provide ongoing operational support to the unconsolidated VIEs, as needed. Equity Method Investments 

Equity method investments - DCEs (1) 

Equity method liabilities - DCEs (2) 

(4,657) 

() 
 
 (1) 

 (2) 

The Company is a partner in wholly-owned DCEs in collaboration with of its physician group partners operating in geographies. 

Medical services expense 

() 

() 

Other medical expenses (1) 

() 

() 

Income (loss) from operations 

() 

Net income (loss) (2) 

() 
 
 (1) million and million, respectively. 

 (2) 

Current and total liabilities 

F- 36 
 
 Table of Contents 
 million, million and million, respectively, to CD R in advisory consulting fees, in addition to certain expense reimbursements. These are recorded in general and administrative expense in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. In connection with the IPO, the Company and CD R terminated the consulting agreement, effective April 16, 2021. The Company was not charged a fee in connection with the termination of this agreement. Unsecured Debt See Note 10 for details on the issuance of unsecured debt to a fund affiliated with CD R. Equity Method Investments For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, the Company incurred expenses of million, million, and million, respectively for provider services delivered by Population Health, LLC, which is accounted for under the equity method based on equity ownership interest held by the Company. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had an outstanding payable to Population Health, LLC of million and million, respectively. The Company is reimbursed for expenses paid on behalf of the DCEs. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had an outstanding receivable from the DCEs of million and million, respectively. 

 In August 2020, the Company disposed of its Southern California operations for a gross sales price of million and recognized a gain on sale of million. In October 2020, the Company disposed of its Fresno, California operations for a gross sales price of million and recognized a gain on sale of approximately million. The Company retained the working capital of both disposal groups and therefore such working capital accounts are not presented as assets and liabilities related to discontinued operations in the consolidated balance sheets. In December 2020, the Company signed a definitive agreement to sell its remaining California operations for a gross sales price of million. The sale closed in February 2021. The Company s decision to exit California and the Medicaid line of business represents a strategic shift that will have a major effect on its operations and financial results. As such, the Company s California operations are reflected in the consolidated financial statements as discontinued operations. Net income (loss) from discontinued operations for the year ended December 31, 2020 includes million of severance related to the sale of the Company s California operations. 

Other operating revenue 

Total revenues 

Expenses: 

Medical services expense 

() 

Other medical expenses 

General and administrative 

Depreciation and amortization 

Income (loss) from operations 

() 

() 

Other income (expense), net 

() 

() 

Gain (loss) on sales of assets, net 

Interest expense 

() 

() 

Income (loss) before income taxes and noncontrolling interests 

() 

Income tax benefit (expense) 

() 

Net income (loss) from discontinued operations attributable to common shares 

() 

The following table provides significant non-cash operating items for discontinued operations that are included in the consolidated statements of cash flows (in thousands): 

Year Ended December 31, 

2021 

2020 

Non-cash operating activities from discontinued operations: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Stock-based compensation expense 

Deferred income taxes and uncertain tax positions 

() 

() 

Release of indemnification assets 

Other non-cash items 

() 

There were no non-cash operating activities from discontinued operations for the year ended December 31, 2022. Indemnification Assets Indemnification assets have been established to offset certain pre-closing liabilities for which the prior owners of some of the Company s California subsidiaries are obligated to indemnify the Company. The Company deems the amounts receivable under the indemnification agreements to be fully collectible should indemnification claims arise and, as such, a valuation allowance is not deemed necessary. During the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, the Company released million, and million, respectively, of indemnification assets in discontinued operations in the consolidated statements of operations as the corresponding pre-closing liabilities were released as a result of closing certain tax years (see below). No amounts were released during 2022. Unrecognized Tax Benefits As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company has recorded a liability for unrecognized tax benefits of million and million, respectively, inclusive of accrued interest and penalties on unrecognized tax benefits. The liability, if reversed, would result in a tax benefit attributable to discontinued operations. During the year ended December 31, 2021, due to expiration of the 2016 U.S. federal statute of limitations, the Company reversed million of tax liability, million of accrued interest and million of accrued penalties on unrecognized tax benefits and realized a tax benefit of million attributable to discontinued operations. 

 F- 38 
 
 Table of Contents 

Total current assets 

Investment in wholly owned subsidiary 

Loans receivable 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

Other liabilities 

Stockholders' equity (deficit): 

Common stock, par value: shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

() 

() 

Total stockholders' equity (deficit) 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity (deficit) 

See accompanying Notes to the Condensed Financial Statements. agilon health, inc. (Parent Company Only) CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS (in thousands) 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Equity in net income (loss) of subsidiary 

() 

() 

() 

Interest income 

Net income (loss) attributable to common shares 

() 

() 

() 
 
 See accompanying Notes to the Condensed Financial Statements. agilon health, inc. (Parent Company Only) NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS NOTE 1. Description of agilon health, inc. agilon health, inc., formerly Agilon Health Topco, Inc., Parent was incorporated in Delaware and indirectly owns of the equity interest in agilon health management, inc. agilon ). Parent has no significant operations or assets other than its indirect ownership of the equity of agilon. Accordingly, Parent is dependent upon distributions from agilon to fund its obligations. However, under the terms of the agreements governing agilon s borrowings, agilon s ability to pay dividends or lend to Parent is restricted. While certain exceptions to the paying of dividends or lending funds restrictions exist, these restrictions have resulted in the restricted net assets (as defined in Rule 4-08(e)(3) of Regulation S-X) of Parent s subsidiaries exceeding of the consolidated net assets of Parent and its subsidiaries. agilon has no obligation to pay dividends to Parent. Condensed statements of cash flows have not been presented, as agilon health, inc. did not have any cash as of, or for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020; see Note 3 for issuance of common stock. NOTE 2. Basis of Presentation The accompanying condensed Parent-only financial statements include the amounts of Parent and its investment in agilon under the equity method, and do not present the financial statements of Parent and agilon on a consolidated basis. Under the equity method, Parent s investment in agilon is stated at cost plus contributions and equity in undistributed income (loss) of agilon less distributions received since the date of acquisition. These condensed Parent-only financial statements have been prepared using the same accounting principles and policies described in the notes to the agilon health, inc. consolidated financial statements, with the only exception being that Parent accounts for its subsidiaries using the equity method. These condensed Parent-only financial statements should be read in conjunction with the agilon health, inc. consolidated financial statements and their accompanying notes. NOTE 3. Equity A discussion of Parent s contingently redeemable common stock and stockholders equity activities for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 can be found in Note 13 in Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements of the consolidated financial statements of agilon health, inc. There were cash dividends paid to Parent from agilon s consolidated subsidiaries for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. Supplemental Cash Flow Information The following table provides supplemental cash flow information (in thousands): 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Supplemental disclosure of non-cash financing activities: 

Reclassification of contingently redeemable common stock in connection with IPO 

Issuance of common stock under partner physician group equity agreements upon IPO 

Non-cash investment in unconsolidated subsidiaries 

Settlement of stock-based liabilities 

NOTE 4. Stock Incentive Plan A discussion of Parent s Stock Incentive Plan for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 can be found in Note 14 in the section, Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements of the consolidated financial statements of agilon health, inc. 

F- 42 
 
 Table of Contents 
 ITEM 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 None. 
 ITE M 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 Management s Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures. We maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required financial disclosure. 
 As of December 31, 2022, our management, under the supervision and with the participation of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e). Based upon this evaluation, as of December 31, 2022, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as a result of material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting discussed below. 
 Notwithstanding the identified material weaknesses described below, management does not believe that these deficiencies had an adverse effect our reported operating results or financial condition and management has determined that the financial statements and other information included in this report and other periodic filings present fairly in all material respects our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows at and for the periods presented in accordance with U.S. GAAP. 
 Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Our internal control system is designed to provide reasonable assurance to our management and board of directors regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of consolidated financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of consolidated financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP, and that receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of assets that could have a material effect on our consolidated financial statements. 
 Management used the criteria described in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO to evaluate the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. Based on this evaluation, management has concluded that controls were not effective as of December 31, 2022, due to identified material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting, which are disclosed below. 
 A material weakness is a control deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. In connection with the assessment of our internal control over financial reporting described above, management identified the following deficiencies that individually, or in the aggregate, constituted material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022: 
 We did not design and maintain effective controls over certain information technology general controls ITGCs for information systems and applications that are relevant to the preparation of the consolidated financial statements. Specifically, we did not design and maintain: (i) sufficient user access controls to ensure appropriate segregation of duties and adequately restrict user and privileged access to financial applications, programs, and data to appropriate Company personnel, (ii) program change management controls to ensure that information technology IT program and data changes affecting financial IT 

81 
 
 Table of Contents 
 applications and underlying accounting records are identified, tested, authorized, and implemented appropriately, and (iii) computer operations controls to ensure that critical batch and interface jobs are monitored, privileges are appropriately granted, and data backups are authorized and monitored. Business process controls that are dependent on the ineffective ITGCs, or that rely on data produced from systems impacted by the ineffective ITGCs, are also deemed ineffective. 

Management also concluded that a material weakness in internal control over financial reporting exists related to our revenue and accounts receivable process, which includes the ineffective design and operation of process level controls that addressed the completeness and accuracy of key financial and non-financial data utilized in the recognition of revenue, and we did not retain sufficient contemporaneous documentation to demonstrate the operation of review controls over the various components of revenue at a sufficient level of precision. 

Remediation Plan for Existing Material Weaknesses. Management is committed to the remediation of the material weaknesses described above, as well as the continued improvement of our internal control over financial reporting. We are implementing process and control improvements to address the above material weaknesses that include, but are not limited to: 
 implementing improved IT policies, procedures and control activities for key systems which impact our financial reporting; 

establishing additional training to ensure a clear understanding of risk assessment, controls and monitoring activities related to automated processes and systems and ITGCs related to financial reporting; 

designing and implementing specific management review procedures to ensure completeness and accuracy of key financial and non-financial data utilized in the recognition of revenue and retaining the contemporaneous documentation of such reviews; 

establishing additional training related to validating the accuracy of data used in key review controls and the level of documentation required; and 

expanding our available resources with experience designing and implementing control activities, including information technology general controls, through hiring and use of third-party consultants and specialists. 

When fully implemented and operational, we believe the measures described above will remediate the underlying causes of the control deficiencies that gave rise to the material weaknesses and strengthen our internal control over financial reporting. However, material weaknesses are not considered remediated until the new controls have been operational for a period of time, are tested, and management concludes that these controls are operating effectively. This remediation process will require resources and time to implement. We will continue to monitor the effectiveness of these remediation measures, and we will make any changes to the design of this plan and take such other actions that we deem appropriate given the circumstances. 
 Audit Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 has been audited by Ernst Young, LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report, which is included herein. 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Except for the material weaknesses and remediation actions described above, there were no significant changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) during our fourth quarter that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 82 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Limitations on the Effectiveness of Controls. Our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting are designed to provide reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives as specified above. Management does not expect, however, that our disclosure controls and procedures will prevent or detect all error and fraud. Any control system, no matter how well designed and operated, is based on certain assumptions and can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that its objectives will be met. Further, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that misstatements due to error or fraud have been prevented or that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, have been detected. 
 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of agilon health, inc. 
 Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited agilon health, inc. s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission 2013 framework (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, because of the effect of the material weaknesses described below on the achievement of the objectives of the control criteria, agilon health, inc. (the Company) has not maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the COSO criteria. 
 A material weakness is a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. The following material weaknesses have been identified and included in management s assessment. 
 The Company did not design and maintain effective controls over certain information technology general controls (ITGCs) for information systems and applications that are relevant to the preparation of the consolidated financial statements. Specifically, the Company did not design and maintain: (i) sufficient user access controls to ensure appropriate segregation of duties and adequately restrict user and privileged access to financial applications, programs and data to appropriate Company personnel; (ii) program change management controls to ensure that information technology (IT) program and data changes affecting financial information technology applications and underlying accounting records are identified, tested, authorized and implemented appropriately; and (iii) computer operations controls to ensure that critical batch and interface jobs are monitored, privileges are appropriately granted, and data backups are authorized and monitored. Business process controls (automated and manual) that are dependent on the ineffective ITGCs, or that rely on data produced from systems impacted by the ineffective ITGCs, are also deemed ineffective. 
 Management also concluded that a material weakness in internal control over financial reporting exists related to the Company s revenue and accounts receivable process, which includes the ineffective design and operation of process level controls that addressed the completeness and accuracy of key financial and non-financial data utilized in the recognition of revenue and the Company did not retain sufficient contemporaneous documentation to demonstrate the operation of review controls over the various components of revenue at a sufficient level of precision. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income (loss), contingently redeemable common stock and stockholders equity (deficit), and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and the financial statement schedules in Item 15. These material weaknesses were considered in determining the nature, timing and extent of audit tests applied in our audit of the 2022 consolidated financial statements and this report does not affect our report dated March 1, 2023, which expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 83 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 /s/ Ernst Young LLP 
 
 Los Angeles, California 
 March 1, 2023 
 ITEM 9B. Other Information 
 None. 
 ITEM 9C. Disclosure R egarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 Not applicable. 
 84 
 
 Table of Contents 
 PART III 
 ITEM 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 We have adopted a Code of Conduct and a Code of Financial Ethics that apply to all of our directors and employees, including our Chief Executive Officer and all senior financial officers, including our principal financial officer, and principal accounting officer. Current copies of our Code of Conduct and Code of Financial Ethics are posted on our website at https://investors.agilonhealth.com/governance/governance-documents. In addition, waivers from, and amendments to, our Code of Conduct that apply to our directors and executive officers, including our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or persons performing similar functions, will be timely posted in the Investor Relations section of our website at www.agilonhealth.com. 
 The information required by this item will be included in our 2023 Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC within 120 days of the end of our fiscal year covered by this Annual Report and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 ITEM 11. Executive Compensation 
 The information required by this item will be included in our 2023 Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC within 120 days of the end of our fiscal year covered by this Annual Report and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 ITEM 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 The information required by this item will be included in our 2023 Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC within 120 days of the end of our fiscal year covered by this Annual Report and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 ITEM 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 The information required by this item will be included in our 2023 Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC within 120 days of the end of our fiscal year covered by this Annual Report and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 ITEM 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 The information required by this item will be included in our 2023 Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC within 120 days of the end of our fiscal year covered by this Annual Report and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 85 
 
 Table of Contents 
 PART IV 
 ITEM 15.	Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 (a) The following documents are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K: 
 1. Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Our consolidated financial statements are included in Part II, Item 8-Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 2. Financial Statement Schedules 
 The following Consolidated Financial Statements are included in Part II, Item 8- Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Schedule I Registrant s Condensed Financial Statements 
 3. Exhibits 
 The information called for by this paragraph is set forth in Item 15(b) below. 
 (b) The documents listed in the Exhibit Index of this Annual Report on Form 10-K are filed, furnished, or incorporated by reference in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, in each case as indicated therein (numbered in accordance with Item 601 of Regulation S-K). 

Exhibit Number 
 
 Description 

3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of agilon health (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed April 19, 2021). 

3.2 
 
 Amended and Restated By-laws of agilon health (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed April 19, 2021). 

4.1 
 
 Description of Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Annual Report on Form10-K filed March 3, 2022). 

10.1 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, by and among agilon health, inc. and CD R Vector Holdings, L.P., dated as of April 16, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed April 19, 2021). 

10.2 
 
 Stockholders Agreement, by and among agilon health, inc. and CD R Vector Holdings, L.P., dated as of April 16, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 the Current Report on Form 8-K filed April 19, 2021). 

10.3 
 
 Termination Agreement, by and between Agilon Health Holdings, Inc., Primary Provider Management Co., Inc. and Clayton, Dubilier Rice, LLC, dated as of April 16, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 the Current Report on Form 8-K filed April 19, 2021). 

10.4 
 
 Credit Agreement, dated as of February 18, 2021, by and among agilon management, Agilon Health Intermediate Holdings, Inc., the Lenders party thereto, the Issuers party thereto, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent and collateral agent and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., Bank of America, N.A., Wells Fargo Securities, LLC. Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. and Nomura Securities International, Inc., as joint lead arrangers and joint bookrunners (as amended by the First Amendment to Credit Agreement dated as of March 1, 2021) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Registration No. 333-254435) filed March 18, 2021). 

10.5 
 
 First Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of March 1, 2021, by and between agilon management, inc., and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1.1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Registration No. 333-254435) filed March 18, 2021). 

86 
 
 Table of Contents 

10.6 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated as of May 4, 2020, by and among Steven J. Sell, agilon health and agilon management (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Registration No. 333-254435) filed March 18, 2021). 

10.7 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated as of January 11, 2021, by and between Timothy Bensley and agilon management (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Registration No. 333-254435) filed March 18, 2021). 

10.8 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated as of April 4, 2022, by and between Benjamin Shaker and agilon health, inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Form 10-Q filed May 5, 2022). 

10.9 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated as of March 31, 2022, by and between Girish Venkatachaliah and agilon health, inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Form 10-Q filed May 5, 2022). 

10.10 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated as of March 5, 2017, by and between Veeral Desai and Agilon Health Holdings, Inc. and agilon management 

10.11 
 
 Amended and Restated agilon health Stock Incentive Plan, dated as of April 27, 2017 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Registration No. 333-254435) filed March 18, 2021). 

10.12 
 
 Indemnification Agreement between agilon health and Steven J. Sell (and Schedule to Exhibit 10.8) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Registration No. 333-254435) filed March 18, 2021). 

10.13 
 
 agilon health Employee Stock Purchase Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registration Statement on Form S-8 (Registration No. 333-255228) filed April 14, 2021). 

10.14 
 
 agilon health 2021 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-8 (Registration No. 333-255228) filed April 14, 2021). 

10.15 
 
 Form of Employee Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registration Statement on Form S-8 (Registration No. 333-255228) filed April 14, 2021). 

10.16 
 
 Form of Employee Performance Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Registration Statement on Form S-8 (Registration No. 333-255228) filed April 14, 2021). 

10.17 
 
 Form of Stock Option Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Registration Statement on Form S-8 (Registration No. 333-255228) filed April 14, 2021). 

10.18 
 
 Form of Director Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Registration Statement on Form S-8 (Registration No. 333-255228) filed April 14, 2021). 

21.1 
 
 List of Subsidiaries of agilon health as of February 15, 2023. 

23.1 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm . 

31.1 
 
 Certification by Steven J. Sell, agilon s Principal Executive Officer, Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a). 

31.2 
 
 Certification by Timothy Bensley, agilon s Principal Financial Officer, Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a). 

32.1 
 
 Certification by Steven J. Sell, agilon s Principal Executive Officer, Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350. 

87 
 
 Table of Contents 

32.2 
 
 Certification by Timothy Bensley, agilon s Principal Financial Officer, Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350. 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document). 

Filed with this report. 
 Furnished with this report. 
 Identifies each management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 (c) 
 None. 
 ITEM 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 None. 
 88 
 
 Table of Contents 
 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 Dated: March 1, 2023 

agilon health, inc. (Registrant) 

/s/ STEVEN J. SELL 

Steven J. Sell, Chief Executive Officer and President (Principal Executive Officer) 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ STEVEN J. SELL 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and President 
 
 March 1, 2023 

Steven J. Sell 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer), Director 

/s/ TIMOTHY S. BENSLEY 
 
 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 
 March 1, 2023 

Timothy S. Bensley 
 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

/s/ PRISCILLA KASENCHAK 
 
 Chief Accounting Officer 
 
 March 1, 2023 

Priscilla Kasenchak 
 
 (Principal Accounting Officer) 

/s/ RONALD A. WILLIAMS 
 
 Chairman of the Board 
 
 March 1, 2023 

Ronald A. Williams 

/s/ RAVI SACHDEV 
 
 Vice Chairman of the Board 
 
 March 1, 2023 

Ravi Sachdev 

/s/ SHARAD MANSUKANI, M.D. 
 
 Director 
 
 March 1, 2023 

Sharad Mansukani, M.D. 

/s/ CLAY RICHARDS 
 
 Director 
 
 March 1, 2023 

Clay Richards 

/s/ RICHARD J. SCHNALL 
 
 Director 
 
 March 1, 2023 

Richard J. Schnall 

89 
 
 Table of Contents 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ JEFFREY A. SCHWANEKE 
 
 Director 
 
 March 1, 2023 

Jeffrey A. Schwaneke 

/s/ DEREK L. STRUM 
 
 Director 
 
 March 1, 2023 

Derek L. Strum 

/s/ WILLIAM WULF, M.D. 
 
 Director 
 
 March 1, 2023 

William Wulf, M.D. 

/s/ KAREN MCLOUGHLIN 
 
 Director 
 
 March 1, 2023 

Karen McLoughlin 

Director 
 
 March 1, 2023 

Diana L. McKenzie 

90 

<EX-10>
 2
 agl-ex10_10.htm
 EX-10.10

EX-10 

Exhibit 10.10 
 Confidential 

EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT 
 This Employment Agreement (this Agreement ), dated as of March 5, 2017, is entered into by and between Veeral Desai (the Executive ), Agilon Health Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation Parent ), and agilon health, inc., a Delaware corporation and wholly-owned subsidiary of Parent (the Company ). 
 W I T N E S S E T H: 
 WHEREAS, Parent and the Company desire to employ the Executive as their President, Enterprise Operations, and the Executive desires to provide services to Parent and the Company in such capacity, in each case pursuant to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement. 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual promises and covenants contained herein, and intending to be legally bound hereby, the parties hereto agree as follows: 
 1. Nature of Employment 
 Subject to Section 3, effective as of the Effective Date (as defined below) and continuing during the Term of Employment, Parent and the Company shall employ the Executive, and the Executive agrees to accept employment, as the President, Enterprise Operations of Parent and the Company and in such position to undertake the duties and responsibilities commensurate with such position and as may be reasonably assigned to the Executive from time to time by the Chief Executive Officer of the Company (the CEO ). During the Term of Employment (as defined below), the Executive shall report to the CEO. 
 2. Extent of Employment 

(a) During the Term of Employment, the Executive shall perform his obligations hereunder faithfully and to the best of his ability at the place of employment provided in Section 2(d), under the direction of the CEO, and shall abide by the policies from time to time established by the Company. 

(b) During the Term of Employment, the Executive shall devote all of his business time, energy and skill as may be reasonably necessary for the performance of his duties, responsibilities and obligations hereunder (except for vacation periods and reasonable periods of illness or other incapacity). 

(c) Except as set forth on Exhibit A hereto (the Approved Outside Interests ), as of the date hereof, the Executive does not have any ownership interests (other than ownership of less than 1 of the outstanding stock of a publicly-traded company) or professional relationships with (whether as an employee, director, officer, consultant or advisor, and whether or not for compensation) or professional commitments to any person or entity (other than Parent and its subsidiaries). The Executive may continue to maintain the Approved Outside Interests, unless, in the discretion of the Board of Directors of Parent (the Board ), such interests or relationships cannot be maintained without conflicting or interfering with Parent s and the Company s business or the Executive s position at Parent and the Company. The Executive may serve on 

1 
 
 civic or charitable boards or committees, unless the Board notifies the Executive that, in the Board s discretion, such civic or charitable positions interfere with the Executive s position at Parent and the Company or his obligations pursuant to this Agreement. The Executive may serve on the boards of for-profit companies only with the Board s consent. 
 
 (d) During the Term of Employment, the principal place of Executive s employment shall be at the Company s offices in Long Beach, California, subject to customary business travel on the business of the Company and its affiliates. 

3. Term of Employment; Termination 
 
 (a) The Term of Employment shall commence on April 24, 2017 or such other date mutually agreed in writing between the Executive and the CEO (the Effective Date and shall continue until the Executive s employment is terminated by the Company pursuant to Section 3(b) or by the Executive pursuant to Section 3(c). 

(b) Subject to the payments contemplated by Section 3(f), the Executive s employment may be terminated at any time by the Company: 

(i) upon the death of the Executive; 

(ii) in the event that, because of physical or mental disability, the Executive is unable to perform, and does not perform, in the opinion of the Board and as certified in writing by a competent medical physician selected by the mutual agreement of the Company and the Executive or his legal representative, his duties hereunder for a period of 180 days out of any 270-day period Disability 

(iii) for Cause; or 

(iv) for any other reason or no reason, with 30 days written notice to the Executive (or in the Company s discretion, pay of Base Salary in lieu of notice), it being understood that no reason shall be required for termination of the Executive s employment. 

The Executive acknowledges that nothing contained herein or otherwise stated by or on behalf of Parent or the Company modifies or amends the right of the Company to terminate the Executive at any time, with or without Cause. Termination shall become effective upon death or the delivery by the Company to the Executive of notice specifying such termination and the reasons therefor (i.e., Sections 3(b)(ii) - (iv)) subject to any requirement for advance notice and an opportunity to cure provided in this Agreement, if and to the extent applicable. 
 
 (c) Subject to the payments contemplated by Section 3(f), the Executive s employment may be terminated at any time by the Executive: 

(i) upon the death of the Executive; 

(ii) in the event of Disability; 

(iii) for Good Reason; or 

2 
 
 (iv) for any other reason or no reason (a Voluntary Termination with 30 days written notice to Parent and the Company, unless such notice period is waived by Parent or the Company. 

(d) As used in this Agreement, Cause shall mean any of the following: 

(i) the Executive s conviction of a crime involving moral turpitude, embezzlement, fraud, conversion of property or false statements or other similar acts or any other felony; 

(ii) the Executive s gross negligence or continued willful failure (other than by reason of death or Disability) to perform his material employment-related duties for the Parent and its subsidiaries; 

(iii) the Executive s violation of a material provision of any written Parent or subsidiary policy as in effect from time to time that has been communicated to the Executive, which violation is not cured within 30 days after the Company delivers written notice to the Executive that identifies and describes the alleged violation in reasonable detail (the Cure Period 

(iv) the Executive s material breach of any written agreement with Parent or its subsidiaries, including the Company, to which the Executive is a party or by which the Executive is bound (including, but not limited to, this Agreement and the Equity Documentation (as defined below)) which breach is not cured within the Cure Period; provided that it shall be presumed that any material breach of the restrictive covenants contained in the Equity Documentation is not capable of being cured for purposes of this definition of Cause 

(v) the Executive s breach of Section 2(c) or the last sentence of Section 9; or 

(vi) the Executive engaging in defamation of the name, reputation or business interests of, which causes material harm to, Parent, the Company, or any of their respective affiliates, including any affiliated independent physician association. 

For purposes of this provision, (A) no act or failure to act on the part of the Executive shall be considered willful unless it is done, or omitted to be done, by the Executive in bad faith or without reasonable belief that the Executive s action or omission was in the best interests of the Company and (B) any act, or failure to act, based upon authority given pursuant to a resolution duly adopted by the Board or upon the advice of counsel for the Company shall be conclusively presumed to be done, or omitted to be done, by the Executive in good faith and in the best interests of the Company. 
 The determination as to whether Cause has occurred shall be made in good faith by the Board, including, without limitation, providing Executive with a reasonable opportunity to provide relevant information and documents to the Board before the determination is made. The Board shall have the authority to waive the consequences of the existence or occurrence of any of the events, acts or omissions constituting Cause. Prior to any termination for Cause, the Board must provide written notice to the Executive within the 60 days following the date on which the Board discovers the alleged Cause event setting forth in reasonable detail the conduct alleged to be a basis for a termination for Cause. 
 A termination for Cause shall be deemed to include a determination by the Board within 90 days following the Executive s Voluntary Termination that circumstances 
 	 3 
 
 existed prior to such termination for the Company or one of its subsidiaries to have terminated the Executive s employment for Cause; provided that in such event the Executive shall first be provided with any applicable cure rights to the extent available; and provided, further, that this sentence shall not apply to any circumstances actually known to the Board 60 or more days prior to the date of such termination. 
 (e) As used in this Agreement, Good Reason shall mean any of the following, without the Executive s written consent: 

(i) a diminution of the Executive s Base Salary from the amount set forth in Section 

4(a); 
 (ii) a diminution of the Executive s target annual bonus opportunity, at target performance levels, from the Executive s annual bonus opportunity, at target performance levels, during the immediately preceding annual bonus measurement period (it being understood that the actual amount of the annual bonus and performance criteria shall be subject to Section 4(b) and that the Board s decision to award an amount less than the target amount shall not constitute Good Reason); 

(iii) a material diminution in the Executive s authority, duties or responsibilities as President, Enterprise Operations of Parent and the Company; 

(iv) the relocation of the Executive s principal place of employment to a location that is not within 50 miles of the Company s offices in Long Beach, California; or 

(v) a material breach by the Company or Parent of any written agreement between the Executive, on the one hand, and any of the Parent, Company, or their controlled affiliates or subsidiaries, on the other hand (including, but not limited to, this Agreement and the Equity Documentation). 

Prior to any termination for Good Reason, the Executive must provide written notice to the Company within 60 days following the date on which he discovers an alleged Good Reason event setting forth in reasonable detail the conduct alleged to be a basis for a termination for Good Reason. The Executive shall not have the right to terminate his employment for Good Reason (i) if, within the 30-day period following delivery of the Executive s written notice, the Company or Parent, as applicable, shall have cured the conduct alleged to be a basis for termination for Good Reason and (ii) absent such cure, unless the Executive actually terminates employment within 45 days following the end of the Company s Cure Period. 
 (f) The Executive shall be entitled to certain payments upon termination of his employment, as follows: 

4 
 
 (i) In the event the Executive s employment is terminated for any reason, the Executive shall be entitled to receive his Base Salary through the effective date of termination, any accrued benefits unpaid as of the effective date of termination, any expense reimbursements related to expenses reimbursable hereunder that are incurred through the effective date of termination, any accrued but unpaid vacation (to the extent payable under the applicable law or Company policy) and other benefits required by law to be provided to him after termination of employment, in each case when paid according to the Company s applicable lawful policies and standard practices and the lawful terms of this Agreement (the Base Termination Compensation ). 

(ii) In the event the Executive s employment is terminated by the Company for any reason other than for Cause (and for the avoidance of doubt not death or Disability), or by the Executive for Good Reason (a Qualifying Termination ), then the Executive shall be entitled to 

(A) the Base Termination Compensation, (B) severance pay equal to (x) 23 months of the Executive s base salary, at the rate in effect at the effective time of termination, to be paid in equal installments over 23 months, plus (y) two times the Executive s target bonus as provided in Section 4(b), to be paid in equal installments over 24 months, in each case on the Company s normal payroll dates following the date of termination, except that the first installment of such payment shall be paid on the 60 th day following the termination date and shall include all installments that would have been paid if the release of claims referred to in Section 3(i) had been effective at the date of termination and (C) the continuation of the medical, dental and vision insurance coverage for a period of 18 months at active employee rates (the Benefit Continuation ). The Benefit Continuation shall be provided through (x) the Executive s enrollment in the Company s COBRA continuation coverage and (y) the reimbursement of (or the Company otherwise bearing) the premium cost under COBRA in excess of the active employee rate. Any payment of the Executive s Base Salary after termination of his employment shall be made in accordance with the Company s regular payroll practices. Other than solely in connection with any equity interests of Parent held by the Executive as described in Section 5 and provided in the Equity Documentation, there will be no additional amounts owing by the Company to the Executive from and after a termination of the Executive s employment of the nature contemplated by this clause (ii) of Section 3(f). Because of the current uncertainty surrounding health care coverage, in the event that the Benefit Continuation would subject the Executive or the Company to a material cost, tax or penalty, the parties agree to cooperate to provide the Executive with such benefits in a manner that does not trigger such tax, cost or penalty, to the maximum extent possible. 
 (iii) If the Executive s employment is terminated for Cause, then the Executive shall be entitled to the Base Termination Compensation. Other than solely in connection with any equity interests of Parent held by the Executive (to the extent provided in the Equity Documentation), there will be no additional amounts owing by the Company to the Executive from and after such termination of the nature contemplated by this clause (iii) of Section 3(f). 

(iv) If the Executive s employment is terminated due to a Voluntary Termination, then the Executive shall be entitled to the Base Termination Compensation. Other than solely in connection with any equity interests of Parent held by the Executive (to the extent provided in the Equity Documentation), there will be no additional amounts owing by the Company to the 

5 
 
 Executive from and after such termination of the nature contemplated by this clause (iv) of Section 3(f). 
 (v) If the Executive s employment is terminated due to the Executive s death or Disability, then the Executive shall be entitled to the Base Termination Compensation and, if terminated due to Disability, the Benefit Continuation. Other than solely in connection with any equity interests of Parent held by the Executive (to the extent provided in the Equity Documentation), there will be no additional amounts owing by the Company to the Executive from and after such termination of the nature contemplated by this clause (v) of Section 3(f). 

(g) Termination of the Executive s employment will not terminate Sections 3(f) through 3(j) and 8 through 23 , or any other provisions not associated specifically with the Term of Employment. 

(h) In the event the Executive s employment is terminated and the Executive obtains alternative employment and is provided medical coverage in connection therewith, the medical coverage the Company provides pursuant to Section 3(f)(ii) shall be secondary to the medical coverage provided in connection with the alternative employment. Any provision herein to the contrary notwithstanding, if, following his termination of employment, the Executive materially breaches any restrictive covenant contained in the Equity Documentation or, without the Board s prior written consent, competes with the business of Parent and the Company (i.e., agilon health) as then conducted, then from and after the date of such employment or engagement, the Company shall have no further payment or benefit obligations under Section 3(f)(ii). 

(i) In the event the Executive s employment is terminated and the Company is obligated to make payments pursuant to Section 3(f)(ii), other than the Base Termination Compensation, it shall be a condition to such payments that, within 30 days following the date of termination, the Executive enter into a general release of claims, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit C. 

(j) The equity interests of Parent held by the Executive on the date of termination or date of death shall be subject to the terms and conditions of the Equity Documentation, including, without limitation, the restriction periods, vesting and forfeiture schedules, and termination and repurchase provisions, subject to Section 5. 
 (k) Upon termination of the Executive s employment for any reason, the Executive shall be deemed to have resigned from all positions with Parent and its affiliates, including the Company, and, at Parent s request, the Executive shall promptly deliver written evidence of such resignation. 
 4. Compensation. The Company shall pay compensation to the Executive as follows: 

(a) Base Salary. During the Term of Employment, the Company shall pay to the Executive as base compensation for his services hereunder, on the Company s regular payroll dates, a base salary at a rate of not less than 375,000 per annum Base Salary ). 

6 

(b) Annual Bonus 

(i) Generally. For each fiscal year during the Term of Employment, the 

Executive will be eligible for an annual bonus with a target payment equal to 75 of the 
 Executive s Base Salary based on the Executive s achievement of pre-established performance goals and conditions, as the Board (or the Compensation Committee of the Board), in consultation with the CEO, shall determine on an annual basis (during or before the first quarter of each fiscal year) in accordance with the annual bonus plan adopted by the Board that is then applicable to senior management of the Company (the Bonus Plan ). Under the Bonus Plan, the actual amount of any bonus paid for any fiscal year shall be determined by the Board (or the Compensation Committee) based on its assessment of the actual performance against such goals against the goals and conditions established for the year, as follows: 

Performance Level 
 Bonus Amount 

Below Threshold 
 
 0 of Executive s Base Salary 

Threshold 
 75 of target performance 
 50 of Executive s Base Salary 

Target 
 100 of target performance 
 75 of Executive s Base Salary 

Maximum 
 125 of target performance 
 100 of Executive s Base Salary 

In the event that the performance falls between any two of the standards above, the annual bonus shall be determined by straight-line linear interpolation. Any annual bonus payable to the Executive for a fiscal year shall be paid to the Executive not later than two and a half months following the end of such fiscal year to which the performance relates. It shall be a condition to the payment of any annual bonus that the Executive remain employed through the last day of the applicable fiscal year. 
 
 (ii) 2017 Performance Year. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Executive s annual bonus for the 2017 fiscal year shall be 75 of Executive s Base Salary (i.e., the target bonus), prorated for the time he is employed by the Company in the 2017 fiscal year. 
 
 (c) Signing Bonus. In addition to the annual bonuses, the Executive shall be paid a cash bonus of 200,000 (the Signing Bonus following the Effective Date and not later than 60 days after the Effective Date. With the Company s consent, the Executive shall be permitted to instruct the Company in writing that all or any part of the Signing Bonus shall, instead of being paid to the Executive in cash, be used by the Executive, on an after-tax basis, to purchase Shares (as defined below) pursuant to Section 5(a) of this Agreement. The Signing Bonus (or any Shares acquired with all or any portion of the Signing Bonus) shall be subject to repayment if a Voluntary Termination by the Executive or a termination of the Executive s employment by the Company for Cause occurs prior to the 12 month anniversary of the Effective Date. To the extent permitted by applicable law, the Company may offset any amounts owed by the Executive pursuant to this Section 4(c) against any amounts payable to the Executive by the Company at the time that any such repayment is due and owing. 

5. Equity-Based Compensation . As soon as practicable following the Effective Date (and no later than 60 days following the Effective Date), the Executive shall be provided with the following equity-based compensation: 

7 

8 
 
 (a) Share Purchase. No later than 60 days following the Effective Date, Parent shall provide Executive with the opportunity to purchase up to an aggregate amount of 1,000,000 of fully-vested shares of common stock of Parent, par value 0.01 per share (the Shares ). The price to be paid per Share by Executive in this investment will be its then-current fair market value (as determined under the Stock Incentive Plan (as defined below)). Parent s sale of the Shares to the Executive will be made pursuant to the Agilon Health Holdings, Inc. Stock Incentive Plan (the Stock Incentive Plan ). The terms and conditions applicable to the Executive s acquisition, holding and disposition of the Shares at the time of such sale shall be set forth in a subscription agreement that is substantially in the form customarily used by Parent for sales of Shares to other members of the Company s senior management. 

(b) Base Stock Options. No later than 60 days following the Effective Date, Parent shall grant the Executive non-qualified options to purchase 10,000 additional Shares under the Stock Incentive Plan, which number will be adjusted, if applicable, pursuant to Section 3.3 of the Stock Incentive Plan (the Base Options ). The Base Options will vest in four annual installments at a rate of one-fourth per year on each of the first four anniversaries of the Effective Date, subject to the continuous employment of the Executive with the Company or Parent until the applicable vesting date. The exercise price per Share covered by the Base Options shall be the fair market value (as determined under the Stock Incentive Plan) of a Share on the grant date of the Options. The terms and conditions applicable to the Executive s acquisition, holding and disposition of the Base Options shall be set forth in a stock option agreement that is substantially in the form customarily used by Parent for grants of Base Options to other members of the Company s senior management. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the stock option agreement providing for the grant to Executive of the Base Options shall provide that (i) in the event of a Change In Control (as defined in Exhibit B hereto), all of his then unvested Base Options shall immediately vest and become exercisable and (ii) in the event of a Qualifying Termination prior to the fourth anniversary of the Effective Date and subject to the Executive s execution, delivery and non-revocation of the release of claims referred to in Section 3(i), any of his then unvested Base Options that would, absent the termination of the Executive s employment, have vested within the 12 months following the date of termination of his employment shall immediately vest and become exercisable. 

(c) Upside Stock Options. No later than 60 days following the Effective Date, Parent shall grant the Executive non-qualified options to purchase 14,000 additional Shares under the Stock Incentive Plan, which number will be adjusted, if applicable, pursuant to Section 3.3 of the Stock Incentive Plan (the Upside Options ). All of the Upside Options will vest, subject to the Executive s continued employment with Parent and the Company, in the event that Clayton, Dubilier Rice, LLC and its affiliated investment funds, including CD R Vector Holdings, LP. (the CD R Funds ), earn an Investor Return (as defined in Exhibit B hereto) of at least 3.0 times on all of their Aggregate Initial Investment (as defined in Exhibit B hereto) in Parent. The exercise price per Share covered by the Upside Options shall be 300 per Share. The terms and conditions applicable to the Executive s acquisition, holding and disposition of the Upside Options shall be set forth in a stock option agreement that is substantially in the form customarily used by Parent for grants of Upside Options to other members of the Company s senior management (it being understood that the terms and conditions applicable to the Upside Options will differ in certain material respects from the Base Options, including that the Upside Options 

9 
 
 will not have the Base Options special vesting provisions associated with a Change in Control and Qualifying Termination). 
 (d) The Stock Incentive Plan and the agreements governing the Executive s acquisition, holding and disposition of the Shares, the Base Options and the Upside Options are referred to in this Agreement as the Equity Documentation. 

6. Reimbursement of Expenses. During the Term of Employment, the Company will promptly reimburse the Executive (or pay directly) for reasonable and documented travel, entertainment and other expenses reasonably incurred by the Executive in connection with the performance of his duties hereunder and, in each case, in accordance with the policies, rules, customs and usages promulgated by Parent or the Company and in effect from time to time and applicable law. The Company shall provide the Executive a reasonable monthly automobile allowance in an amount determined by the Company s CEO. Any payments due under this Section 6 will be payable in accordance with the Company s usual payroll practices. 

7. Benefits 

During the Term of Employment, the Executive shall be entitled to participate in and be covered by any insurance plan (including but not limited to medical, dental, health, accident, hospitalization and disability), 401(k), profit sharing or other employee benefit plan of the Company, to the same extent and on substantially the same terms as such benefits are or may be provided by the Company, at the sole discretion of the Board, from time to time to other members of the senior management of the Company, and in all circumstances in accordance with the policies, rules, customs and usages promulgated by the Company and in effect from time to time. Executive shall be entitled to a mobile phone and technology allowance consistent with Company policy, as in effect from time to time. 
 8. Notice 

Any notice, request, demand or other communication required or permitted to be given under this Agreement shall be given in writing and if delivered personally, or sent by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested, as follows (or to such other addressee or address as shall be set forth in a notice given in the same manner): 
 (a) If to the Executive, to the Executive at the address most recently contained in the Company s records (which the Executive shall update as necessary) 

(b) If to Parent or the Company: 

at the address of the Company s then current headquarters. with copies to (which shall not constitute notice): 
 Clayton, Dubilier Rice, LLC 375 Park Avenue, 18 th Floor New York, New York 10152 

10 

11 
 
 Attention: Ravi Sachdev Fax: (212) 407-5252 
 
 Debevoise 
 Plimpton 
 919 Third Avenue New York, NY 10022 
 Attention: Meir Katz, Esq. Fax: (212) 521-7615 
 
 Any such notices shall be deemed to be given on the date personally delivered or such return receipt is issued. 
 
 9. Executive s Representation 

The Executive hereby represents and warrants to Parent and the Company that the Executive has carefully reviewed this Agreement and has consulted with such advisors as the Executive considers appropriate in connection with this Agreement, and is not subject to any covenants, agreements or restrictions, including without limitation any covenants, agreements or restrictions arising out of the Executive s prior employment, which would be breached or violated by Executive s execution of this Agreement or by the Executive s performance of his duties hereunder. In addition, the Executive hereby represents, warrants and covenants to Parent and the Company that, other than the Approved Outside Interests, as of the date hereof he does not have and during the Term of Employment (without the Board s prior approval) he will not have any professional relationships with (whether as an employee, director, officer, consultant or advisor, and whether or not for compensation)or commitments to any individual or entity (other than Parent and the Company) that operates or conducts (or, to the Executive s knowledge, intends to operate or conduct)any business of the types in which Parent, the Company, or any of their respective subsidiaries or their affiliated independent physician associations are engaged. 
 
 10.	 Other Matters 
 
 The Executive agrees and acknowledges that the obligations owed to the Executive under this Agreement are solely the obligations of the Company and Parent, and that none of the stockholders, directors, officers, affiliates, representatives, agents or lenders of or to Company or Parent will have any obligations or liabilities in respect of this Agreement and the subject matter hereof, to the extent allowed by law. 
 
 11.	 Partial Invalidity; Severability 
 In case any one or more of the provisions or parts of a provision contained in this Agreement shall, for any reason, be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect in any jurisdiction, such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability shall not affect any other provision or part of a provision of this Agreement or any other jurisdiction, but this Agreement shall be reformed and construed in any such jurisdiction as if such invalid or illegal or unenforceable provision or part of a provision had never been contained herein and such provision or part shall be reformed so that it would be valid, legal and enforceable to the maximum extent permitted in such jurisdiction. 
 	 12 

12. Waiver of Breach; Specific Performance 

The waiver by the Company, Parent or the Executive of a breach of any provision of this Agreement by the other party shall not operate or be construed as a waiver of any other breach of any other party. Each of the parties to this Agreement will be entitled to enforce its respective rights under this Agreement and to exercise all other rights existing in its favor. 
 13. Assignment 

Neither the Executive, on the one hand, nor the Company or Parent, on the other hand, may assign, transfer, pledge, hypothecate, encumber or otherwise dispose of this Agreement or any of his or its respective rights or obligations hereunder, without the prior written consent of the other, provided that the Company may assign its rights and obligations under this Agreement to another wholly-owned subsidiary of Parent that employs members of agilon health s senior management. 
 14. Amendment; Entire Agreement 

This Agreement may not be changed orally but only by an agreement in writing agreed to by the party against whom enforcement of any waiver, change, modification, extension or discharge is sought. This Agreement and the Equity Documentation embody the entire agreement and understanding of the parties hereto in respect of the subject matter of this Agreement, and supersede and replace all prior agreements, understandings and commitments with respect to such subject matter. 
 15. Governing Law; Choice of Forum 

THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, CONSTRUED, APPLIED AND ENFORCED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE INTERNAL LAWS OF THE STATE OF DELAWARE. IN THE EVENT ANY PARTY TO THIS AGREEMENT COMMENCES ANY LITIGATION, PROCEEDING OR OTHER LEGAL ACTION IN CONNECTION WITH OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT, ANY RELATED AGREEMENT OR ANY MATTERS DESCRIBED OR CONTEMPLATED HEREIN OR THEREIN, THE PARTIES TO THIS AGREEMENT HEREBY (1) AGREE UNDER ALL CIRCUMSTANCES ABSOLUTELY AND IRREVOCABLY TO INSTITUTE ANY LITIGATION, PROCEEDING OR OTHER LEGAL ACTION IN A COURT OF COMPETENT JURISDICTION LOCATED WITHIN THE CENTRAL DISTRICT OF CALIFORNIA, WHETHER A STATE OR FEDERAL COURT; (2) AGREE THAT IN THE EVENT OF ANY SUCH LITIGATION, PROCEEDING OR ACTION, SUCH PARTIES WILL CONSENT AND SUBMIT TO THE PERSONAL JURISDICTION OF ANY SUCH COURT DESCRIBED IN CLAUSE (1) OF THIS SECTION AND TO SERVICE OF PROCESS UPON THEM IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE RULES AND STATUTES GOVERNING SERVICE OF PROCESS (IT BEING UNDERSTOOD THAT NOTHING IN THIS SECTION SHALL BE DEEMED TO PREVENT ANY PARTY FROM SEEKING TO REMOVE ANY ACTION TO A FEDERAL COURT IN THE CENTRAL DISTRICT OF CALIFORNIA); (3) IRREVOCABLY CONSENT TO THE SERVICE OF ANY AND ALL PROCESS IN ANY SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT TO SUCH PARTY AT SUCH PARTY S ADDRESS SPECIFIED IN SECTION 8; (4) AGREE TO WAIVE TO THE FULLEST EXTENT 
 
 	 13 
 
 PERMITTED BY LAW ANY OBJECTION THAT THEY MAY NOW OR HEREAFTER HAVE TO THE VENUE OF ANY SUCH LITIGATION, PROCEEDING OR ACTION IN ANY SUCH COURT OR THAT ANY SUCH LITIGATION, PROCEEDING OR ACTION WAS BROUGHT IN ANY INCONVENIENT FORUM; AND (5) AGREE, AFTER CONSULTATION WITH COUNSEL, TO WAIVE ANY RIGHTS TO A JURY TRIAL TO RESOLVE ANY DISPUTES OR CLAIMS RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT. THE CHOICE OF FORUM SET FORTH IN THIS SECTION 15 SHALL NOT BE DEEMED TO PRECLUDE THE ENFORCEMENT OF ANY ACTION UNDER THIS AGREEMENT IN ANY OTHER JURISDICTION. 
 16. Further Action 

The Executive, the Company and Parent agree to perform any further acts and to execute and deliver any documents which may he reasonable to carry out the provisions hereof. 
 17. Counterparts 

This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, including facsimiles thereof, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same agreement. 
 18. Payments by Subsidiaries 

The Executive acknowledges that one or more payments hereunder may be paid by one or more of the Parent s or the Company s subsidiaries, and the Executive agrees that any such payment made by such subsidiary shall satisfy the obligations of Parent and the Company hereunder with respect to (but only to the extent of) such payment. 
 19. Tax Matters 

The Executive acknowledges that the payments and benefits provided under the terms of this Agreement shall constitute taxable income to the extent provided in the applicable provisions of the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and any successor thereto and applicable regulations thereunder (the Code and other applicable tax laws. Moreover, the Executive understands and acknowledges that Parent and the Company have not provided any advice regarding his tax liability resulting from this Agreement and that he has been advised to consult with his personal tax advisor or legal counsel as to the taxability of the payments and benefits provided under this Agreement, including the equity investment and awards provided under Section 5. The Executive shall be solely responsible for taxes imposed on him by reason of any payments or benefits provided under this Agreement (including, without limitation, Section 6) and all such payments and benefits shall be subject to applicable federal, state, local and foreign withholding requirements. All payments to be made or benefits to be provided to the Executive pursuant to this Agreement shall be made net of all applicable income and employment taxes required to be withheld f r om such payments pursuant to any applicable law or regulation. 

14 
 
 12. Applicability of Section 409A of the Code 

To the extent that any reimbursement, fringe benefit or other, similar plan or arrangement in which the Executive participates during the term of the Executive s employment under this Agreement or thereafter provides for a deferral of compensation within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code, (i) the right to reimbursement or in-kind benefits shall not be subject to liquidation or exchange for another benefit, (ii) the amount eligible for reimbursement or payment under such plan or arrangement in one calendar year may not affect the amount eligible for reimbursement or payment in any other calendar year (except that a plan providing medical or health benefits may impose a generally applicable limit on the amount that may be reimbursed or paid), (iii) subject to any shorter time periods provided in any expense reimbursement policy of the Company, any reimbursement or payment of an expense under such plan or arrangement must be made on or before the last day of the calendar year following the calendar year in which the expense was incurred and (iv) the reimbursements shall be made pursuant to objectively determinable and nondiscretionary Company policies and procedures regarding such reimbursement of expenses. In addition, with respect to any payments or benefits subject to Section 409A of the Code, reference to the Executive s termination of employment (and corollary terms) with the Company shall be construed to refer to the Executive s separation from service (as determined under Treas. Reg. Section 1.409A-1(h), as uniformly applied by the Company) with the Company. Whenever a provision under this Agreement specifies a payment period with reference to a number of days, the actual date of payment within the specified period shall be within the sole discretion of the Company. The Executive s right to receive any installment payments hereunder shall, for purposes of Section 409A, be treated as a right to receive a series of separate and distinct payments. If the timing of the Executive s execution of a general release of claims pursuant to Section 3(i) could impact the calendar year in which any payment under this Agreement that is subject to Section 409A of the Code will be made, such payment will be made in the later calendar year. 
 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, if the Executive is a specified employee within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code at the time of the Executive s separation from service (other than due to death), then any payment under this Agreement that is subject to Section 409A of the Code and that is payable by reason of the Executive s separation from service within the first six months following the Executive s separation from service will become payable on the first payroll date that occurs on or after the date six months and one day following the date of the Executive s separation from service. All subsequent related payments, if any, will be payable in accordance with the payment schedule applicable to each payment or benefit. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if the Executive dies following the Executive s separation from service, but prior to the six month anniversary of the separation from service, then any payments delayed in accordance with this paragraph will be payable in a lump sum as soon as administratively practicable after the date of the Executive s death and all other related payments will be payable in accordance with the payment schedule applicable to each payment or benefit. 
 
 The foregoing provisions are intended to comply with the requirements of Section 409A of the Code so that none of the severance payments and benefits to be provided hereunder will be subject to the additional tax imposed under Section 409A of the Code, and, if any ambiguity is found herein with respect to such payments or benefits, any such ambiguities will be interpreted to so comply. If any payment or benefits subject to Section 409A of the Code could be construed not to comply with Section 409A of the Code, the Company and the Executive agree 
 
 	 15 

to work together in good faith to consider amendments to this Agreement and to take such reasonable actions which are necessary, appropriate or desirable to avoid imposition of any additional tax or income recognition prior to actual payment to the Executive under Section 409A of the Code. 
 
 [Signature Page Follows] 

16 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Agreement has been executed as of the date first written above. 

EXECUTIVE 

/s/ Veeral A. Desai 
 Name: Veeral Desai 

AGILON HEALTH, INC. 
 
 /s/ Ravi Sachdev 
 Name: Ravi Sachdev 
 Title: President 

AGILON HEALTH HOLDINGS, INC. 

/s/ Ravi Sachdev 
 Name: Ravi Sachdev 
 Title: President 

17 
 
 Exhibit A 
 Approved Outside Interests 

Executive s non-controlling investment in Oceans Healthcare, an external private equity portfolio company. 

18 

19 
 
 Exhibit B 

Certain Defined Terms 
 
 As used in Section 5 of the Agreement, the following terms shall have the respective meanings set forth below: 
 Aggregate Initial Investment means the total amount paid by the CD R Funds in respect of all Shares acquired by the CD R Funds in connection with Parent s acquisition of Primary Provider Management Company, Inc., a California corporation, and also Parent s acquisition of Cyber-Pro Systems, Inc., a California corporation and MDX Hawaii, Inc., a Hawaii corporation (taking into account any adjustment as a result of any stock dividend, split, reverse split, combination, recapitalization, liquidation, reclassification, merger, consolidation or otherwise). 
 Change in Control means the first to occur of the following events after the Effective 
 Date: 
 (i) the acquisition by any person, entity or group (as defined in Section 13(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) of more than 50 of the combined voting power of Parent s then outstanding voting securities, other than any such acquisition by Parent, the Company or any of their respective subsidiaries, any employee benefit plan of Parent, the Company or any of their respective subsidiaries, or by any of the CD R Funds or any affiliates of any of the foregoing; 

(ii) the merger, consolidation or other similar transaction involving Parent, as a result of which both (x) persons who were stockholders of Parent immediately prior to such merger, consolidation, or other similar transaction do not, immediately thereafter, own, directly or indirectly, more than 50 of the combined voting power entitled to vote generally in the election of directors of the merged or consolidated company, and (y) any or all of the CD R Funds (individually or collectively) do not, immediately thereafter, own, directly or indirectly, more than 50 of the combined voting power entitled to vote generally in the election of directors of the merged or consolidated company; 

(iii) within any 12-month period, the persons who were members of the Board at the beginning of such period (the Incumbent Directors shall cease to constitute at least a majority of the Board, provided that any director elected or nominated for election to the Board by a majority of the Incumbent Directors then still in office shall be deemed to be an Incumbent Director for purposes of this clause (iii); or 

(iv) the sale, transfer or other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of Parent to one or more persons or entities that are not, immediately prior to such sale, transfer or other disposition, affiliates of Parent. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Public Offering (as defined in the Stock Incentive Plan) shall not constitute a Change in Control. 
 	 20 
 
 Investor Return means, on any date all cash and marketable securities, directly or indirectly, received by the CD R Funds in respect of the Aggregate Initial Investment asproceeds in any sale or other disposition of the Shares acquired by the CD R Funds in the Aggregate Initial Investment and any extraordinary cash dividends paid on such Shares (excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, any management or advisory fees or transaction-related fees paid to, or on behalf of, Clayton, Dubilier Rice, LLC); provided, however, that any calculations of Investor Return may, in the Board s discretion, include the value of any illiquid property received by any of the CD R Funds in respect of such Shares (e.g., securities of a privately-held corporation) or otherwise will include the cash and marketable securities ultimately received by any of the CD R Funds as proceeds from the sale or other disposition of such illiquid property received in respect of such Shares, which for such purposes shall be deemed received on the date such illiquid property is sold. 

21 

22 
 
 Exhibit C 
 RELEASE PROVISIONS 
 
 In consideration of the payments and benefits to which I am entitled under the Employment Agreement, dated as of February__, 2017, to which I, agilon health, inc., and Agilon Health Holdings, Inc. (the Parent and together with its subsidiaries, including agilon health inc., and managed or controlled affiliates, the Parent Group are parties (the Employment Agreement ), I hereby waive and release and forever discharge the Parent Group, Clayton, Dubilier Rice, LLC CD R and its affiliated investment funds, and those entities which hold a direct and/or indirect interest in the Parent and which serve as the general partner or managing member of any such vehicles or of the general partner or managing members of such vehicles, and their respective affiliates, and all of the respective past and present officers, directors, employees, agents, representatives, stockholders, members and partners of the foregoing and any and all employee pension benefit or welfare benefit plans of the Parent Group, each in his, her or its capacity as such, and each of them, separately and collectively (collectively, Releasees ), from any and all existing claims, charges, complaints, liens, demands, causes of action, obligations, damages and liabilities, known or unknown, suspected or unsuspected, whether or not mature or ripe, that I ever had and now have against any Releasee including, but not limited to, claims and causes of action arising out of or in any way related to my employment with or separation from the Parent Group, to any services performed for any member of the Parent Group, to any status, term or condition in such employment or relationship, or to any physical or mental harm or distress from such employment or non-employment or claim to any hire, rehire or future employment of any kind by any member of the Parent Group, all to the extent allowed by applicable law. This release of claims includes, but is not limited to, claims based on express or implied contract, compensation plans, covenants of good faith and fair dealing, wrongful discharge, claims for discrimination, harassment and retaliation, violation of public policy, tort or common law, whistleblower or retaliation claims; and claims for additional compensation or damages or attorneys fees or claims under federal, state, and local laws, regulations and ordinances, including but not limited to Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, the Civil Rights Act of 1991, the Americans with Disabilities Act, the Age Discrimination in Employment Act, the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act WARN ), or equivalent state WARN act, the Employee Retirement Income Security Act ERISA ), and the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. I understand that this release of claims includes a release of all known and unknown claims through the date on which this release of claims becomes irrevocable (the Effective Release Date . I further agree, promise, and covenant that, to the maximum extent permitted by law, neither I, nor any person, organization, or other entity acting on my behalf has filed or will file, charge, claim, sue, or cause or permit to be filed, charged, or claimed, any action for damages or other relief (including injunctive, declaratory, monetary, or other relief) against any of the Releasees involving any matter occurring in the past, or involving or based upon any claims, demands, causes of action, obligations, damages, or liabilities, in 
 	 23 
 
 each case which are subject to this release of claims. All Releasees shall be deemed to be third party beneficiaries of this Agreement to the same extent as if they were signatories hereto. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, this release of claims will not prohibit me from filing a charge of discrimination with the National Labor Relations Board, the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission EEOC or an equivalent state civil rights agency, but I agree and understand that I am waiving my right to monetary compensation thereby if any such agency elects to pursue a claim on my behalf. Further, nothing in this release of claims shall be construed to waive any right that is not subject to waiver by private agreement under federal, state or local employment or other laws, such as claims for workers compensation or unemployment benefits or any claims that may arise after the Effective Release Date. In addition, nothing in this release of claims will be construed to affect any of the following claims, all rights in respect of which are reserved: 
 (a) Any payment or benefit set forth in Section 3(f)(ii) of the Employment Agreement; 

(b) Reimbursement of unreimbursed business expenses properly incurred prior to the date of my termination of employment in accordance with the policy of the applicable member of the Parent Group; 

(c) Claims under the Equity Documentation (as defined in the Employment Agreement) in respect of vested equity of a member of the Parent Group or options to purchase equity of a member of the Parent Group that may be held by me; 

(d) Vested benefits under the employee benefit plans of the members of the Parent Group (other than severance pay or termination benefits, all rights to which are hereby waived and released); 

(e) Any claim that the Parent has breached this release of claims; and 

(f) Indemnification as a current or former officer of a member of the Parent Group or inclusion as a beneficiary of any insurance policy related to my service in such capacity. 

I understand and acknowledge that I am expressly waiving any and all rights under Section 1542 of the Civil Code of the State of California, or any other federal or state statutory rights or rules or principles of common law or equity, or those of any jurisdiction, government, or political subdivision similar to Section 1542 similar provision in effect as of the signing of this Agreement, and as a result, may not invoke the benefits of Section 1542 or any similar provision in order to prosecute or assert in any manner any claims that are released under this release of claims. Section 1542 provides as follows: 

24 
 
 A general release does not extend to claims which the creditor does not know or suspect to exist in his or her favor at the time of executing the release, which if known by him or her must have materially affected his or her settlement with the debtor. 
 I hereby represent that I have been paid all compensation owed and for all hours worked, I have received all the leave and leave benefits and protections for which I am eligible, pursuant to the federal Family and Medical Leave Act, the California Family Rights Act, any Parent Group policy or applicable law, and I have not suffered any on-the-job injury or illness for which I have not already filed a workers compensation claim. 
 I have been given twenty-one (21) days to review this release of claims and have been given the opportunity to consult with legal counsel, and I am signing this release of claims knowingly, voluntarily, and with full understanding of its terms and effects, and I voluntarily accept the severance payments and benefits provided for herein for the purpose of making full and final settlement of all claims referred to above. If I have signed this release of claims prior to the expiration of the twenty-one (21) day period, I have done so voluntarily. I also understand that I have seven (7) days after executing this release of claims to revoke it, and that this release shall not become effective if I exercise my right to revoke my signature within seven (7) days of execution. If I elect to revoke this release of claims during the revocation period, this release shall be void and of no effect in its entirety. However, I understand that the termination of my employment shall still be effective. 
 Not later than the Effective Release Date, I agree to return, or hereby represent that I have returned as of such date (if I have not signed this Agreement by such date), to the Parent all property of the Parent Group, equipment and materials, including, but not limited to, any company vehicle, any laptop computer and peripherals; any cell phone or other portable computing device; any telephone calling cards; keys; identification card; any credit or fuel cards; and all tangible written or graphic materials (and all copies) relating in any way to the Parent or its business, including, without limitations, documents, manuals, customer lists and reports, as well as all data contained on computer files, thumb drives, cloud services, or other data storage device, or home or personal computers and/or e-mail or internet accounts. 
 
 EXECUTIVE 

Name: Veeral Desai 
 
 	 25 

</EX-10>

<EX-21>
 3
 agl-ex21_1.htm
 EX-21.1

EX-21 

Exhibit 21.1 
 AGILON HEALTH, INC. 
 SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT 

Legal Name 
 
 State or Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization 

Agilon Equity PPCP Holdings, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

agilon health Catalyst Health Network ACO, Inc. 
 
 Ohio 

agilon health Coastal DCE, Inc. 
 
 South Carolina 

agilon health Coastal DCE Inc. 
 
 Hawaii 

agilon health Columbus Ohio DCE, Inc. 
 
 Ohio 

Agilon Health Holdings, Inc. 
 
 Delaware 

Agilon health Kentucky ACO, Inc. 
 
 Kentucky 

agilon health of California, Inc. 
 
 Delaware 

agilon health management, inc. 
 
 Delaware 

Agilon Health India Private Limited 
 
 India 

Agilon Heath Intermediate Holdings, Inc. 
 
 Delaware 

agilon health Mid-Atlantic ACO, Inc. 
 
 North Carolina 

Agilon MSO Hawaii, Inc. 
 
 Hawaii 

Agilon New York Holdco, Inc. 
 
 New York 

agilon health Northeastern ACO, Inc. 
 
 New York 

agilon health Northeast Ohio ACO, Inc. 
 
 Ohio 

agilon health Ohio ACO, Inc. 
 
 Ohio 

agilon health Pennsylvania ACO, Inc. 
 
 Pennsylvania 

Agilon Health Senior Care ACO LLC 
 
 Delaware 

agilon health Southeastern ACO, Inc. 
 
 Tennessee 

agilon health Texas ACO, Inc. 
 
 Texas 

Arkansas Agilon Holdco, Inc. 
 
 Arkansas 

Arkansas RBE, Inc. 
 
 Arkansas 

Buffalo IPA, Inc. 
 
 New York 

Buffalo RBE, Inc. 
 
 New York 

Cal Care IPA, Inc. 
 
 California 

Connecticut Holdco, Inc. 
 
 Connecticut 

Connecticut RBE, Inc. 
 
 Connecticut 

Core Care Holdings, Inc. 
 
 Ohio 

Core Care Select Akron, Inc. 
 
 Ohio 

Core Care Select Columbus, Inc. 
 
 Ohio 

Core Care Select Dayton, Inc. 
 
 Ohio 

Core Care Select Southeast Ohio, Inc. 
 
 Ohio 

Core Care Select Toledo, Inc. 
 
 Ohio 

Core Care Select, Inc. 
 
 Ohio 

Cyber Pro Systems, Inc, 
 
 California 

Georgia Holdco, Inc. 
 
 Georgia 

Georgia RBE, Inc. 
 
 Georgia 

Hawaii Kupuna Care Advantage, Inc. 
 
 Hawaii 

Kentucky Holdco, Inc. 
 
 Kentucky 

Kentucky RBE, Inc. 
 
 Kentucky 

Laukahi Physician Network, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

Lineage Investments, Inc. 
 
 California 

Los Angeles Medical Center IPA 
 
 California 

Maine Holdco, Inc. 
 
 Maine 

Maine RBE, Inc. 
 
 Maine 

MDX Hawaii, Inc. 
 
 Hawaii 

Michigan Holdco, Inc. 
 
 Michigan 

Michigan RBE, Inc. 
 
 Michigan 

Michigan RBE UP, Inc. 
 
 Michigan 

Minnesota Holdco, Inc. 
 
 Minnesota 

Minnesota Twin Cities RBE, Inc. 
 
 Minnesota 

New Hampshire Holdco, Inc. 
 
 New Hampshire 

New Hampshire RBE, Inc. 
 
 New Hampshire 

North Carolina Holdco, Inc. 
 
 North Carolina 

North Carolina RBE, Inc. 
 
 North Carolina 

North Carolina RBE Piedmont, Inc. 
 
 North Carolina 

North Carolina RBE Pinehurst, Inc. 
 
 North Carolina 

Ohio RBE, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

Oklahoma Agilon Holdco, Inc. 
 
 Oklahoma 

Oklahoma RBE, Inc. 
 
 Oklahoma 

Pennsylvania Holdco, Inc. 
 
 Pennsylvania 

Pennsylvania RBE Central, Inc. 
 
 Pennsylvania 

Pittsburgh RBE, Inc. 
 
 Pennsylvania 

Population Health, LLC 
 
 Ohio 

Primary Provider Management Co., Inc. 
 
 California 

South Carolina Holdco, Inc. 
 
 South Carolina 

South Carolina RBE, Inc. 
 
 South Carolina 

South Carolina RBE-Liberty, Inc. 
 
 South Carolina 

Syracuse IPA, Inc. 
 
 New York 

Tennessee Holdco, Inc. 
 
 Tennessee 

Tennessee RBE, Inc. 
 
 Tennessee 

Texas East RBE, Inc. 
 
 Texas 

Texas Holdco, Inc. 
 
 Texas 

Texas RBE, Inc. 
 
 Texas 

Texas RBE Dallas, Inc. 
 
 Texas 

Vantage Care 
 
 California 

Vantage Care Holdings, LLC 
 
 California 

Vantage Medical Group, Inc. 
 
 California 

Vector Cal Care Parent, Inc. 
 
 California 

Vector LAMC Parent, Inc. 
 
 California 

Vector Vantage Parent, Inc. 
 
 California 

Wisconsin Holdco, Inc. 
 
 Wisconsin 

Wisconsin RBE, Inc. 
 
 Wisconsin 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 4
 agl-ex23_1.htm
 EX-23.1

EX-23 

Exhibit 23.1 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-255228) pertaining to the agilon health, inc. 2021 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan and the agilon health, inc. Employee Stock Purchase Plan of our report dated March 1, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of agilon health, inc., and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of agilon health, inc. included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

/s/ Ernst Young LLP 

Los Angeles, California 
 March 1, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-31>
 5
 agl-ex31_1.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Steven J. Sell, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of agilon health, inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f))for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 1, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ STEVEN J. SELL 

Steven J. Sell 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31>

<EX-31>
 6
 agl-ex31_2.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Timothy S. Bensley, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of agilon health, inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f))for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 1, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ TIMOTHY S. BENSLEY 

Timothy S. Bensley 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 7
 agl-ex32_1.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of agilon health, inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ending December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Steven J. Sell, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 1, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ STEVEN J. SELL 

Steven J. Sell 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32>

<EX-32>
 8
 agl-ex32_2.htm
 EX-32.2

EX-32 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of agilon health, inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ending December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Timothy S. Bensley, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 1, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ TIMOTHY S. BENSLEY 

Timothy S. Bensley 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 agl-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 agl-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.SCH>
 12
 agl-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.DEF>
 13
 agl-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 14
 agl-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

