<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230309_10-K_edgar_data_793524_0001493152-23-007116.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4529514</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>362805</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>840052</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1490303</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>789552</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>924623</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-007116.hdr.sgml : 20230309
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230309160144
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-007116
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		56
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230309
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230309

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			RESEARCH FRONTIERS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000793524
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PATENT OWNERS & LESSORS [6794]
		IRS NUMBER:				112103466
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-14893
		FILM NUMBER:		23719649

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		240 CROSSWAYS PARK DR
		CITY:			WOODBURY
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			11797-2033
		BUSINESS PHONE:		5163641902

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		240 CROSSWAYS PARK DR
		CITY:			WOODBURY
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			11797-2033

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-007116.txt : 20230309

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 WASHINGTON,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

ANNUAL
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 or 15(d) of 

 THE
SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
 the fiscal year ended , 
 
 Commission
 File Number 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation
 or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 Identification
 No.) 

,

(Address
 of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip
 Code) 

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code 

Securities
 registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 
 Name
 of Exchange 
 
 Title
 of Class 
 
 on
 Which Registered 

The
 Stock 

Market 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data
File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained,
to the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this
Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company
or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller
reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 
 Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared its audit report. 

If
the securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to Section 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes 

The
aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of June 30, 2022 (the last
business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter), computed based on the closing sale price of 1.74
was . In making this computation, all direct and indirect shares known to be owned by directors and executive officers of the
Company and all direct and indirect shares known to be owned by other persons holding in excess of 5 of the Company s common stock
have been deemed held by affiliates of the Company, and awards of restricted stock subject to vesting are assumed to have
been fully issued and outstanding. Nothing herein shall prejudice the right of the Company or any such person to deny that any such director,
executive officer, or stockholder is an affiliate. 

On
March 9, 2023, the registrant had shares of Common Stock outstanding. 

PART
I 

ITEM
 1. 
 BUSINESS 

Forward-Looking
Statements 

Information
included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation
Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements are not statements of historical facts, but rather reflect our current expectations concerning
future events and results. We generally use the words believes, expects, intends, plans, 
 anticipates, likely, will and similar expressions to identify forward-looking statements. Such
forward-looking statements, including those concerning our expectations, involve risks, uncertainties and other factors, some of which
are beyond our control, which may cause our actual results, performance or achievements, or industry results, to be materially different
from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. These risks, uncertainties
and factors include, but are not limited to, those factors set forth in this Annual Report on Form 10-K under Item 1A. 
Risk Factors below. Except as required by applicable law, including the securities laws of the United States, we undertake no
obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
You are cautioned not to unduly rely on such forward-looking statements when evaluating the information presented in this Annual Report
on Form 10-K. 

General: 

As
used herein, we, us, our, the Company or Research Frontiers means
Research Frontiers Incorporated unless otherwise indicated. Research Frontiers operates in a single business segment which is engaged
in the development and marketing of technology and devices to control the flow of light (see Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements).
We develop and license our patented suspended particle device SPD-Smart light-control technology to other companies that
manufacture and/or market the: (i) SPD-Smart chemical emulsion, (ii) light-control film made from the chemical emulsion, (iii) the light-control
panels made by laminating the film, (iv) electronics to power end-products incorporating the film, or (v) lamination services for, and
the end-products themselves such as smart windows, skylights and sunroofs. Research Frontiers currently has over 40 companies
that, in the aggregate, are licensed to primarily serve five major SPD-Smart application areas (aerospace, architectural, automotive,
marine and display products) in every country of the world. 

The
Company has entered into a number of license agreements covering its light control technology. During 2022, four licensees accounted
for 28 , 23 , 13 and 11 of fee income recognized during the year. During 2021, four licensees accounted for 20 , 18 , 18 and 12 ,
of fee income recognized during the year. 

Research
Frontiers was incorporated in New York in 1965 to continue early work that Dr. Edwin Land, founder of Polaroid Corporation, and others
had done in the area of light-control beginning in the 1930s. Research Frontiers was reincorporated in Delaware in 1989. Since 1965,
Research Frontiers has actively worked to develop and license its own SPD technology, which it protects using patents, trade secrets
and know-how. Although patent and trade secret protection is not a guarantee of commercial success, Research Frontiers currently has
219 patents that have been issued worldwide. In addition, the Company has current patent applications in the US and other countries that,
if granted, would add a significant number of additional patents to its portfolio. The Company has and continues to devote significant
resources to develop, license and protect its intellectual property position. 

SPD-Smart
products use microscopic light-absorbing nanoparticles that are typically suspended in a film. These particles align when an electrical
voltage is applied, thus permitting light to pass through the film. Adjustment of the voltage to the SPD film gives users the ability
to quickly, precisely and consistently regulate the amount of light, glare and heat passing through the window, skylight, sunroof, window
shade or other SPD-Smart end-product. This SPD film can be incorporated between two layers of glass or plastic, or combinations of both,
to produce a laminate that has enhanced energy efficiency, light-control and security performance properties. 

1 

Research
Frontiers believes that the SPD industry is in the initial phase of growth. SPD light-control technology may have commercial applicability
in many products where variable light-control is desired. Some existing product applications for SPD-Smart glass or plastic include the
following: 

Automotive:

sunroofs,
 sun visors, side windows and rear windows, and head-up displays; 

Aerospace
 and marine: 

windows,
 doors, partitions, sun visors, skylights, and lateral cockpit windows; 

Architectural:

commercial
 and residential windows, doors, skylights, and partitions for new construction, replacement, and retrofit applications. 

Information
 Displays: 

SPD-Smart
 light-control film combined with Transparent OLED displays and PDLC projection systems. 

In
addition to the product applications listed above, SPD-SmartGlass technology may also offer potential benefits in the development of
new flat panel displays, light conservation panels, neonatal and other incubators, consumer electronics, eyewear, automotive exterior
lighting systems, self-dimming automotive rear-view mirrors and other reflective information displays. However, such products need additional
product design, engineering or testing before the commercial potential of such SPD-SmartGlass products can be determined. 

Some
of our licensees consider the stage of development, product introduction strategies and timetables, and other plans to be proprietary
or secret. Unless required to disclose such information, the Company may limit its disclosure of licensees activities until such
licensees, or their customers, make their own public announcements of planned or actual product launches. 

Some
of the early sales and uses of SPD technology were to low volume commercial installations and some have involved concept and test installations
by licensees and their customers. Recent progress with regard to market development and commercialization activity has been the result
of focused and active efforts by Research Frontiers and its key licensees who have invested in product development and improvements,
production facilities, increased production capacity, durability, performance testing, quality control and assurance, and marketing programs. 

Beginning
in late 2011, higher volume sales of SPD products commenced with the launch by Daimler AG of the Magic Sky Control all glass roof
option on their Mercedes-Benz SLK (subsequently renamed SLC). In early 2012, sales of the Magic Sky Control all glass roof option
commenced on their Mercedes-Benz SL. In mid-2014, sales of the Magic Sky Control all glass roof option commenced on the new S-Class
Coupe with other Mercedes-Benz S-Class variants began offering the Magic Sky Control all glass roof option in 2015 and 2016. These
vehicles were discontinued at the end of their current model lifecycle. In the case of the SLC and SL roadsters, it is expected that
the next version of the SL roadster might use a canvas roof instead of the current switchable and static tint glass roofs. It has not
been announced whether plans for the next models of the S-Class and Maybach vehicles will include any switchable glass technology in
the sunroofs or windows. Subsequent to introduction by Mercedes, other car makers such as McLaren, General Motors, Ferrari and others
have introduced SPD-SmartGlass roofs and other products into serial production in various car models, and other new car models using
SPD-SmartGlass technology are expected to enter into serial production based upon current development efforts that are underway between
the Company s licensees and these automakers. Increased volumes of products using SPD-SmartGlass technology are also expected in
trains, boats, aircraft, and other transportation vehicles, in architectural applications, and in various forms of information displays
for the consumer and transportation markets. 

Research
Frontiers believes that with the normal progression of product and manufacturing improvements, and as licensees become more experienced
at the lamination, fabrication and installation of SPD-Smart products for various applications, the adoption rates for SPD-Smart products
will grow and accelerate, which we expect will increase the stream of royalty income for the Company. Research Frontiers believes the
largest and most predictable near and intermediate term market for its technology will be automotive glass. 

As
part of their marketing and branding programs, many of our licensees have developed their own trademarks for SPD-Smart emulsion, film,
and end-products and these are listed in their respective press releases, product brochures, advertising and other promotional materials.
Research Frontiers uses the following trademarks: SPD-Smart , SPD-SmartGlass , VaryFast , SPD-CleanTech , SPD
Clean Technology , SmartGlass , The View of the Future - Everywhere you Look , Powered by SPD , Powered by SPD-CleanTech ,
Powered by SPD Clean Technology , SG Enabled , SPD Green and Clean , SPD On-Board , Speed Matters and
Visit SmartGlass.com - to change your view of the world . 

2 

In
each of the last three fiscal years the Company devoted substantially all of its time to the development of one class of products, namely
SPD-Smart light-control technology, and therefore revenue analysis by class is not provided herein. Information about our operations
and those of our licensees is included below and in our financial statements and notes thereto. 

The
Company does not believe that future sales will be seasonal in any material respect. The Company does not currently directly manufacture
products on its own but rather depends on activities of its licensees and vendors. Due to the nature of the Company s business
operations and the fact that the Company is not presently a manufacturer, there is no backlog of orders for the Company s products. 

The
Company believes that compliance with federal, state and local provisions which have been enacted or adopted regulating the discharge
of materials into the environment, or otherwise relating to the protection of the environment, will not have a material effect upon the
capital expenditures, earnings and competitive position of the Company. The Company has no material capital expenditures for environmental
control facilities planned for the remainder of its current fiscal year or its next succeeding fiscal year. 

Employees: 

On
March 9, 2023, the Company had six full-time employees, two of whom are technical personnel, and the rest of whom perform legal, finance,
marketing, investor relations, and administrative functions. Of these employees, one has obtained a doctorate in Chemistry and one has
extensive industrial experience in electronics and electrical engineering. One employee also has a postgraduate degree in business administration,
and one has a doctorate in jurisprudence. Also, the Company s suppliers and licensees have people on their teams with advanced
degrees in a number of areas relevant to the commercial development of products using the Company s technology. The success of
the Company is dependent upon, among other things, the services of its senior management, the loss of which could have a material adverse
effect upon the prospects of the Company. 

Smart
Glass Industry Trends: 

There
are favorable converging global trends in the major near-term markets for smart glass and SPD-Smart products. The potential for smart
glass products is significant and is expected to attain economies of scale with increasing high-volume production. This increased production
is also expected to bring down end product costs and expand market opportunities. 

In
both public and private sectors across the world, there are substantial efforts targeted toward the promotion and use of energy efficient
smart glass materials, including those used in automobiles, windows and other architectural glazings, aircraft and boats. Products using
SPD-Smart technology continue to be exhibited at trade shows, conferences, and industry events, with such products not only being exhibited
by our licensees but also by their customers and by OEMs. While there can be no assurance that these trends will continue, to the extent
that they do continue, each is expected to have a beneficial effect on future interest in SPD-Smart technology. 

In
October 2019, MarketsandMarkets issued Smart Glass Market by Technology (Suspended Particle Display, Electrochromic, Liquid Crystal,
Photochromic, Thermochromic), Application (Architecture, Transportation, Consumer Electronics), and Geography - Global Forecast to 2023.
This market research report concludes that the smart glass market is expected to grow from USD 2.8 billion in 2016 to reach USD 8.35
billion by 2023, with a growth rate of 16.6 between 2017 and 2023. Key conclusions in this report included: 

Smart
 glass, especially active glass, provides a higher control over heat and light at the will of the user, thereby providing considerable
 electricity cost-savings and conclusively making the construction spaces more environment-friendly. 

Smart
 glass technology has been in existence for the last few decades; however, its demand is gathering momentum on account of improved
 innovation in raw materials and technologies and the possibility for new applications across various sectors. North America and Europe
 have been at the forefront of this trend. Smart glass demand is growing in the Asia Pacific region on account of its growing building
 and construction, electronics, and transportation sectors. 

3 

One
 of the biggest hindrances to the growth of smart glass industry demand is its higher cost. The higher cost of raw material and its
 limited availability is undermining its penetration at a larger scale. Constant innovations are happening in terms of raw material,
 product design, and work capacity, which will simultaneously attract new users and provide opportunity to manufacturers to rationalize
 the product cost over the forecast period. 

In
January 2023, MarketsandMarkets issued Smart Glass Market by Technology Smart Glass Market by Technology (Suspended Particle Display,
Electrochromic Glass, Liquid Crystals, Micro blinds, NanoCrystals, Photochromic and Thermochromic), Application, Control Mode and Geographic
Analysis - Global Forecast to 2027. 

This
market research report concludes that the smart glass market is expected to grow from USD 5.0 billion in 2022 to reach USD 8.2 billion
by 2027, with a growth rate of 10.4 between 2022 and 2027. Key conclusions in this report included: 

Electrochromic
technology to hold largest share of smart glass market during forecast period: Electrochromic technology held 49 of the
market in 2021 the largest share. This is attributed to the faster switching time of electrochromic glass from a clear to dark
state and increasing investments in this technology. 

The
 increased traction of electrochromic technology is primarily attributed to the benefits it offers in a sustainable building design.
 A majority of the top smart glass manufacturers are focusing on R D to bring down the prices of smart glass without compromising
 on quality and thus achieve economies of scale. 

Smart
 glass using electrochromic and SPD technologies is expected to witness huge demand in the coming years since the degree of customization
 is high in these two technologies, and the cost of these technologies is expected to drastically decrease. 

Architecture
 is projected to register highest CAGR during the Forecast period by application. The marketability of a residential or commercial
 facility considerably depends on comfort, aesthetics or interior design, and eco-friendliness. Smart glass offers the architecture
 application energy efficiency and improved aesthetics. Smart glass products have inherent properties that help in market growth.
 The glare control property of smart glass eliminates unwanted glare from sunlight and can provide bright, clear, and customized lighting
 levels in the building. Smart glass is also used to adjust the heat levels in buildings. The self-cleaning property of smart glass
 offers users a superior experience at the low cost of maintenance. 

Opportunity:
 Growing need for sustainable buildings. The world is becoming conscious of climate change, global warming, and its impact on the
 planet. The pandemic has also shown the need for green buildings and the benefit of having a sustainable living space. As part of
 the EU (European Union) Green Deal, the European Commission has set a target to make Europe a climate-neutral The EU also issued
 directives to member states like the New Energy Performance in Building in 2018 to promote sustainable buildings. continent
 by 2050, focusing on sustainable building and energy performance. 

In
June 2019, Grand View Research issued Smart Glass Market Size, Share Trends Analysis (SPD, PDLC, Liquid Crystal, Electrochromic),
By Application (Consumer Electronics, Architectural Transportation), And Segments Forecast, 2019-2025. This market research report
concludes that the smart glass market is expected to grow from USD 3.7 billion in 2018 to reach USD 8.6 billion by 2025 reflecting
a growth rate of 15.2 . Key conclusions in this report include: 

Smart
 glass has gained importance due to its inherent capability of thermal and acoustic insulation, energy conservation, and aesthetic
 3D designer proposition. 

The
 automotive and residential applications have witnessed a dynamic phase change in functionalities from legacy weather protection features
 to seclusion apparatus and advanced energy-conserving. 

Architecturally
 advanced construction philosophies incorporating the installation of large windows in the majority of buildings are projected to
 drive demand in Europe. 

The
 transportation segment accounted for the highest market share in 2018 and is projected to retain its leading position throughout
 the forecast years. The segment is further categorized into automotive, aircraft, and marine. 

Automotive
 sector is the largest consumer of switchable glass and captured the largest revenue share of more than 70 in 2018. 

The
 technology provides protection from UV rays and controls heat inside the vehicles by limiting energy consumption. 

Initiative
 for reducing CO2 emissions and minimizing energy consumption are encouraging manufacturers to develop anti-heat glass and glazing
 solutions. 

High
 demand for luxury automobiles, especially in Asia Pacific, is driving the market growth. 

Major
 aerospace manufacturers, such as The Boeing Company, Beechcraft Corporation, Airbus SA, Bombardier Inc., and Embraer S.A., are shifting
 towards electronically dimmable windows. 

Automotive
Market : 

In
the automotive industry, global trends include the introduction of larger sunroofs and panoramic roof panels in transportation vehicles,
and a higher percentage of these vehicles having a sunroof or using more glass in the roof. 

SPD-SmartGlass
has also been shown in armored automotive glass applications, recreational vehicles, and a new market is also beginning to develop for
personalized custom conversions of automobiles for owners who wish to express themselves through the design of the cars they own and/or
drive. 

4 

Aircraft
Market: 

In
the aircraft industry, there is a trend towards larger windows with more passenger control and functionality, and an increased investment
in improving the passenger experience. In the transport category (primarily large commercial passenger aircraft) segment,
the world s two largest aircraft manufacturers are both promoting the size of the windows in new aircraft platforms already being
delivered (e.g. Boeing 787 and Airbus A350). In the general aviation category (primarily business jets, private or chartered
smaller aircraft) this trend is true as well. For example, Gulfstream is promoting the size of the windows on their G650 platform as
well as their upcoming G700 flagship aircraft, and Bombardier highlights the size of the cabin window on the Global 7000 and 8000 platforms.
Several OEMs either already offer, or have announced their interest to include, electronically dimmable windows in their aircraft 
including Boeing, Airbus, Bombardier, Embraer, Textron-Beechcraft, HondaJet, Airbus Helicopters, Airbus Corporate Jets, Bell Helicopter,
Dassault, Epic Aircraft and One Aviation. Electronically dimmable windows for aircraft may use SPD technology or may use other smart
window technologies such as liquid crystal or electrochromic technology. A window system using electrochromic technology was introduced
in the Boeing 787. There have been concerns raised that this aircraft s electronically dimmable windows are not dark enough for
long haul flights, transmit too much heat into the cabin, and have a switching speed that is too slow. 

The
Company believes its SPD technology offers important performance advantages over other technologies including faster, more uniform response
time, superior heat-rejection when the aircraft is parked on the ramp, superior acoustic insulation, an automated dimming system to continuously
maintain a constant level of light in the cabin in real-time, weight-savings, and the use of scratch-resistant, lightweight (saving fuel)
chemically strengthened glass. Leading companies manufacturing electromechanical pleated window shades have products that incorporate
SPD-Smart windows into their designs, and Tier 1 suppliers of other cabin systems (e.g. cabin management systems) are featuring SPD-Smart
electronically dimmable windows in mockups. 

SPD
technology is also the only commercially available light-control smart window technology known to have passed the stringent safety and
durability tests required by the aviation industry and to have received a Supplemental Type Certificate (STC) from the Federal Aviation
Administration. Today, SPD-Smart electronically dimmable windows are flying on over 40 models of various aircraft including those used
in commercial aviation, general aviation and military aviation. SPD-Smart products have been selected by aircraft manufacturers as standard
equipment on new production platforms including the Honda Aircraft HondaJet, Textron-Beechcraft King Air 250, 350i and C90GTx, Epic Aircraft
E1000, and was selected for the One Aviation Eclipse 700, production of which is now discontinued. 

Architectural
Market: 

The
architectural community is actively increasing the use of daylight harvesting, green building technologies and building automation systems
to more effectively capture and control natural light as part of energy reduction strategies to offset cooling/heating costs and electricity
used by artificial lighting. In addition to design, aesthetic and other benefits, the expanded use of glass also supports a growing body
of research which finds that the presence of and control over incoming natural light improves an individual s well-being and productivity.
Products using SPD-Smart light-control technology sunroofs, windows, skylights, partitions and others can play an important
role in supporting these converging global trends. 

For
architectural applications, various market forces and the distinctive features of SPD-SmartGlass are having a positive influence on interest
for SPD-Smart products. Many architects are specifying more glass in their designs to satisfy building occupants desire for greater
connectedness with the outside environment. In addition, there is increasing interest in improving energy efficiency in both commercial
and residential buildings. Various studies indicate that buildings in the United States and Europe now account for an estimated 39-40 
of total energy use and upwards of 70 or more of electricity consumption. Many architects and building owners are striving for sustainable,
 green buildings that are highly energy-efficient, reduce environmental impact, and improve occupant health and well-being.
In addition, the design community is increasingly interested in advanced daylighting systems in buildings that lower electrical lighting
usage and reduce heating and cooling loads. Because of this, the ability to control light, glare and heat in these building applications
is very important and advanced solutions often are needed to optimize operating efficiencies. SPD-Smart architectural products instantly
and precisely provide shading, glare control and heat management solutions for offices and homes, especially when these products are
available for new construction, replacement and retrofit projects. These products include insulated glass units, single-panel retrofits,
unusually shaped glazings, and products with advanced fabrications such as those with ballistic- and blast-resistant capabilities. 

In
2015, Research Frontiers patented SPD-SmartGlass technology was selected as the exclusive smart glass for the USA Pavilion at
the World s Fair, Expo Milano 2015. The USA Pavilion featured 312 large panels of SPD-SmartGlass manufactured under license from
Research Frontiers by Isoclima S.p.A. Each panel measures approximately 1 meter by 3 meters, making the total surface area in the roof
more than 10,000 square feet. This is the largest known installation of smart glass in the world for a roof application and was seen
by over 6 million people. 

5 

Marine
Market: 

In
the marine application, where light-control needs are especially important, many yacht manufacturers currently employ less than ideal
glazing solutions as they try to satisfy various shading and solar control objectives. For example, some report having to use as many
as five different types of glass in a typical yacht to satisfy diverse glazing needs. SPD-Smart marine products can reduce the number
of different types of glass used in these yachts because of their increased functionality, superior performance and versatility. SPD-Smart
marine products provide an innovation that allows these operators to manage incoming light, glare and heat while achieving privacy or
maintaining one s view as desired. 

Historical
Background and Recent Developments: 

1. 
 SPD-Smart
 Film Production 

Hitachi
Chemical 

An
important material used in SPD-Smart end-products is SPD light-control film that varies the tint of glass or plastic. In early 2007,
our licensee Hitachi Chemical began producing its initial SPD-Smart light-control film on its first factory line. During the second half
of 2009, Hitachi Chemical announced that it had begun mass production on its new, larger capacity production line and expanded its annual
production capacity to 400,000 square meters (over 4.3 million square feet). 

Hitachi
Chemical s production line is dedicated exclusively to the production of SPD-Smart film. In July 2009, Hitachi Chemical launched
its website dedicated to its SPD-Smart light control film and during 2009, Hitachi Chemical outlined in its press releases and public
presentations that it plans to accelerate the use of SPD film, which holds significant potential for growth and noted that
 SPD film is positioned as one of the key emerging products promoted by Hitachi Chemical to become a future leading product for
the company. 

Hitachi
Chemical expanded its SPD film product portfolio by initiating commercial production of a lighter version of its film.
Both the SPD dark and light versions of the films provide a high range of visible light transmission. The
best-selling SPD dark film has a range of approximately 0.5 to 55.0 . This leads to contrast ratios (the ratio of clear
to dark light transmission) of up to 110:1. The commercialization of both dark and light versions of SPD-film
provides greater design and performance options for end-product applications. 

Hitachi
Chemical sold its overall business to Showa Denko, and although sales of SPD film by Showa Denko continued through late 2022, it is expected
that Showa Denko may reduce or discontinue the sale and branding of SPD film as part of the acquisition of Hitachi Chemical. 

Gauzy
Ltd. 

In
October 2018, Gauzy Ltd. announced that it will be producing SPD-Smart light control film for the entire SPD-SmartGlass industry. The
announcement came at a ceremony to celebrate the inauguration of Gauzy s production line to produce SPD-Smart light control film
in Tel Aviv-Jaffa. 

Gauzy
initially announced that its Tel-Aviv film production line has a capacity to produce up to 364,000 square meters of film per year per
shift, and that its initial production will be 1.2 meters wide, and in 2019 it planned on expanding its SPD film coating capabilities
to 1.5 meters wide rolls, and in 2020 to 1.8 meters wide rolls. In February 2019 Gauzy announced that it would be expanding its SPD film
production capacity by having SPD emulsion produced in Tel Aviv and that this emulsion would be coated into SPD-Smart light control film
in a new dedicated factory being built by Gauzy in Stuttgart, Germany. 

In
December 2019, Gauzy Ltd. celebrated the opening of its second production facility in Stuttgart, Germany to produce SPD-Smart light control
film for the entire SPD-SmartGlass industry. This state-of-the-art facility, with specially designed coating and curing areas, will give
Gauzy the capacity to coat over one million square meters of SPD film per year in widths of up to 1.8 meters. 

In
January 2023, Research Frontiers, Gauzy Ltd. and their customers showed over 115 thousand attendees at this year s CES new ways
to benefit from SPD-SmartGlass. 

6 

In
April 2020, Gauzy Ltd. announced that it secured Series C investments from Hyundai Motor Company, Blue Red Partners VC, and Avery Dennison.
This strategic investment marks the first known equity investment by an automotive OEM in Research Frontiers entire industry.
As part of the announcement of this investment, Gauzy confirmed that its state-of-the-art material synthesis facility in Israel, and
its custom SPD production line strategically located in Germany, are currently operating and producing SPD emulsion and light control
film for the automotive, aircraft, and architectural industries, with modified staffing and procedures to protect Gauzy s employees
during the COVID-19 pandemic. 

Customers
for Showa Denko s and Gauzy s SPD-Smart film are end-product licensees of Research Frontiers. These licensees receive the
film, laminate it between glass or plastic substrates, and then fabricate end-products which are sold into various industries. Most end-product
licensees pay Research Frontiers a royalty on the sale of these end-products that typically range from 10-15 . 

Others 

Other
companies are currently licensed by Research Frontiers to sell SPD-Smart light-control film to licensees of Research Frontiers. None
of these other companies has yet announced commercial SPD film for sale. 

Transportation
Vehicle Products: 

SPD-SmartGlass
is used extensively across many vehicle platforms in the transportation industry. With the use of SPD-SmartGlass light-control film,
passengers and occupants in cars, boats, trains, RVs and other vehicles can instantly change the tint of their windows, sunroofs and
other glazings to help keep out harsh sunlight and heat, and create an open-air feeling even when the window or sunroof is closed. 

In
October of 2022, Gauzy s Vision Systems discussed their forty-one contracts with transportation OEM and Tier-1 suppliers using
SPD-SmartGlass technology, summarized below: 

Aerospace
 Contracts 

+
 Helicopter Platforms 
 5
 Contracts 

+
 Aircraft Platforms 
 11
 Contracts 

+
 Aircraft Platforms: Airline (Retrofit) 
 1
 Contract 

Marine
 Contracts 

+
 Sailing Yacht Platforms 
 3
 Contracts 

+
 Yacht Platforms 
 4
 Contracts 

+
 Cruise Ship Platforms 
 2
 Contracts 

Railway
 Contracts 

+
 Railway Platforms 
 3
 Contracts 

Specialty
 Vehicle Contracts 

+
 Specialty Vehicle Platforms 
 9
 Contracts 

Recreational
 Vehicle Contracts 

+
 RV Platforms 
 3
 Contracts 

2. 
 SPD-Smart
 Automotive Products: 

Research
Frontiers and its licensees are currently working with multiple automotive manufacturers to introduce SPD-Smart windows, sunroofs and
roof systems on both concept and production vehicles. Research Frontiers end-product licensees in this sector include industry
leaders American Glass Products, Asahi Glass, Custom Glass, Daimler AG, Isoclima, Pilkington Glass, Saint-Gobain, SER, and Vision Systems.
The Company s automotive glass licensees account for the majority of all glass produced for the automotive market throughout the
world. 

Automotive
OEMs: 

In
2011, Daimler AG began using SPD-SmartGlass technology in its Magic Sky Control panoramic glass roof as an option on its new Mercedes-Benz
2012 SLK. In 2012, Daimler AG began offering its Magic Sky Control panoramic glass roof as an option on its new Mercedes-Benz
2013 SL. These SPD products allow drivers and passengers to change the tint of the car roof from dark to clear quickly with a touch of
a button. The SLK and SL are the first large-scale series production vehicles to offer SPD-SmartGlass. The Research Frontiers licensees
involved with the production of the Magic Sky Control roof for the SLK and SL include Showa Denko, which manufactures the SPD-Smart
light-control film in Japan. Automotive glass companies Nippon Sheet Glass in Japan and its subsidiary, Pilkington, in the UK and Germany
then process and laminates Hitachi s SPD film into the glass for the Magic Sky Control roof. 

In
late 2014, Daimler AG began offering its Magic Sky Control as an option on the new Mercedes-Benz S-Class Coupe. In 2015, other
S-Class variants (i.e. Standard Wheel base W222, Long Wheel Base V222, Maybach S600 X222 and the Maybach Pullman Limousine) began offering
Magic Sky Control as an option. The current Mercedes-Benz S-Class is the third large-scale serial production vehicle to offer
Magic Sky Control using SPD-Smart technology. 

The
S-Class Coupe offers the largest panoramic Magic Sky Control roof ever put into serial production. The surface area of the panoramic
roof using SPD-SmartGlass technology on the S-Class is approximately three times the size of the roof glass used on the current SLC and
SL roadster. With the addition of the new 2018 S450 and S450 4MATIC S-Class Sedans, a total of 14 Mercedes-Benz model variants have now
offered this remarkable panoramic smart glass roof: 

S
 450 S-Class Sedan 

S
 450 4MATIC S-Class Sedan 

S
 560 4MATIC S-Class Sedan 

7 

AMG
 S 63 S-Class Sedan 

Mercedes-Maybach
 S 560 4MATIC 

S550
 4MATIC S-Class Coupe 

AMG
 S63 S-Class Coupe 

AMG
 S65 S-Class Coupe 

SLC
 300 Roadster 

AMG
 SLC 43 Roadster 

SL
 450 Roadster 

SL
 550 Roadster 

AMG
 SL63 Roadster 

AMG
 SL65 Roadster (Standard Equipment) 

A
key factor in the broad adoption of SPD technology in various automotive windows is its cost. Typically, the cost for new technology
products decreases as production volumes increase. The price per square foot of SPD-SmartGlass reported by our licensees has gone down
over time in the automotive market. Royalties from the Magic Sky Control panoramic roofs generate a royalty of 10 of the selling price
of these roofs by our licensees to Daimler. The roofs on the S-Class are approximately two to three times the surface area of the roofs
on the SLC and SL vehicles. 

Research
Frontiers believes that the addition of the S-Class car model is also significant because it applies our SPD-Smart light-control technology
to the broader class of vehicles by moving beyond roadsters to coupes and passenger sedans. Historically, since its debut over 40 years
ago, the S-Class represents the premier platform to introduce new technologies to the customer, which in many cases expand to the other
less expensive model lines within the Mercedes-Benz brand. 

In
November 2015 at the Los Angeles Auto Show, Mercedes-Benz launched a refreshed Mercedes-Benz SL. The press release from Mercedes-Benz
stated, Another feature which has been retained is the unique optional extra MAGIC SKY CONTROL: when closed, the panoramic vario-roof
automatically changes from dark to transparent or vice-versa within just a few seconds. The MAGIC SKY CONTROL feature is a carry-over
from the previous model. Other new features include a new front end, new headlamps, more powerful engines, and a new transmission, among
many others. 

In
January 2016 at the North American International Auto Show in Detroit, Mercedes-Benz premiered the new Mercedes-Benz SLC. The press release
from Mercedes-Benz when the SLC was first announced stated, A feature that continues to be unique to the SLC is the panoramic
vario-roof with Magic Sky Control this glass roof is lightened or darkened at the touch of a button. This means that it provides
an open-air feeling at any time, but when required gives welcome shade under a hot sun. The Magic Sky Control feature, using Research
Frontiers SPD-SmartGlass technology, is a carry-over from the SLC s predecessor model, the SLK roadster. 

McLaren
was the second auto manufacturer to adopt the Company s SPD-SmartGlass technology for series production in the automotive market.
The following new production cars by McLaren Automotive featured SPD-SmartGlass technology in their roofs: the McLaren GT, McLaren 720S
Spyder and McLaren Speedtail (which also incorporated SPD-SmartGlass technology in the windshield as a built-in sun visor and also other
areas of the car). The McLaren GT and 720S Spyder have been in production for several years, and the McLaren Speedtail was first delivered
to customers in January 2020. Since then, McLaren has included SPD-SmartGlass in additional production models. 

8 

General
Motors was the third auto manufacturer to announce that it was putting SPD-SmartGlass into series production in the roof of their new
electric ultra-luxury flagship vehicle, the Cadillac Celestiq. The SPD-SmartGlass sunroof for the Celestiq gives occupants control over
individual segments of the sunroof above them to better customize and enhance the driving experience in terms of comfort, security, and
the reduction of heat, light and glare into the vehicle. The Celestiq with its SPD-SmartGlass roof was launched at CES 2021in January
2021. 

Also
in terms of new product development in the automotive industry, in August 2020, Daimay, the world s largest supplier of automotive
sun visors, licensed Research Frontiers SPD-Smart light-control film technology for use in automotive sun visors. SPD-Smart light-control
film technology will enable Daimay to develop products that automatically and dynamically adjust the sun visor to manage changing light
and glare conditions. Daimay is developing this product in conjunction with a specific automotive manufacturer customer. 

In
the Asian automotive market, in April 2020, Gauzy Ltd. announced that it secured Series C investments from Hyundai Motor Company, Blue
Red Partners VC, and Avery Dennison. This strategic investment marks the first known equity investment by an automotive OEM in Research
Frontiers entire industry. As part of the announcement of this investment, Gauzy confirmed that its state-of-the-art material
synthesis facility in Israel, and its custom SPD production line strategically located in Germany, are currently operating and producing
SPD emulsion and light control film for the automotive, aircraft, and architectural industries. 

In
January 2023, Research Frontiers, Gauzy Ltd. and their customers showed over 115 thousand attendees at the CES new ways to benefit from
SPD-SmartGlass, at the prestigious automotive West Hall of the Las Vegas Convention Center. Exhibits included cutting edge LCG 
 (Light Control Glass) smart glass in applications for passenger vehicles, aircraft and trains, as well as Advanced Driver Assistance
Systems (ADAS) / Camera Monitoring Systems (CMS) for long-body on-road vehicles. Innovative new products co-developed with industry-leading
automotive and technology Tier 1 original equipment manufacturers (OEMs), such as BOS, LG Display, OSG, and Continental, made their North
American debut in Gauzy s booth to demonstrate how Gauzy delivers solutions to help OEMs achieve their goals. CES was not held
in person in 2021 due to concerns about the global pandemic. In January 2022 Gauzy exhibited in the Smart City pavilion at CES various
commercial applications for SPD-Smart film produced by Gauzy including electronically dimmable aircraft windows, dual-zone panoramic
sunroofs, smart projection systems, and information displays that combine transparent OLED and SPD technology to turn windows into high
definition information or entertainment displays that can operate in bright environments and instantly and automatically adjust to changing
light conditions to produce a vibrant high-contrast display. 

In
January 2023, Oliver Zipse, Chairman of the Board of Management and CEO of BMW AG, delivered the opening automotive keynote address at
the CES. During the address, BMW revealed the i VISION Dee vehicle to showcase how the future of mobility can merge the real and virtual
worlds. An integral part of how this was done uses a sophisticated head-up display system utilizing SPD-SmartGlass in the windshield
of the car. The full side and rear glass of the i VISION Dee also uses SPD-SmartGlass to enhance the passenger experience and the integration
of real and virtual environments. BMW s implementation of Gauzy and Research Frontiers technology makes this the first vehicle
to showcase the full extent that smart glass can be utilized in a passenger vehicle for shading, privacy, and transparent displays, with
smart glass being used in all the windows on the front, rear and sides of the vehicle. 

In
June 2022, Research Frontiers announced: Cool and Coming Soon: Research Frontiers SPD-SmartGlass Technology in Cadillac CELESTIQ
Electric Vehicle. CELESTIQ s full-glass roof is expected to be one of the first to feature a large four-quadrant panel of
SPD-SmartGlass. Using Research Frontiers patented SPD-Smart light-control technology, each occupant of the vehicle can set their
own level of roof transparency. The driver and front-seat passenger will enjoy a pillar-to-pillar freeform display with active privacy
to help mitigate driver distraction, while rear-seat passengers have personalized entertainment screens. Console screens between seats
in the front and back will separate individualized comfort settings from entertainment displays to minimize distractions. The Cadillac
CELESTIQ will be built on GM s Ultium Platform, the heart of the company s EV strategy. The CELESTIQ will be the first production
vehicle to be built at GM s Global Technical Center. 

In
September 2021, Research Frontiers licensee Gauzy Ltd. and their customers showed at the Munich Auto Show (AIA 2021) SPD-SmartGlass,
including two new products using SPD light control technology: in collaboration with LG Display, a unique automotive information displays
with improved readability and performance, and a SPD-SmartGlass headlight by BMW for its BMWi Vision Circular Showcar. This vehicle utilized
SPD-Smart light-control film that is laminated into automotive thin glazed curved glass. As the all-electric car starts, the SPD glass
in the dynamic shading headlights switches from dark to transparent, revealing headlights that illuminate surroundings. Gauzy also presented
an SPD sunroof with and without invisible segmentation. 

Other
automakers continue to develop and evaluate the use of SPD technology in their windows systems. Such window systems include sunroofs,
side-windows, rear-windows and sun visors. Some automakers and their suppliers have incorporated SPD-SmartGlass in concept vehicles,
with some of these concept vehicles being exhibited at major auto shows: 

March
 2019: 

At
 the 2019 Geneva Auto Show, Mercedes-Benz SLC roadster, SL roadster, S-Class Sedan and Maybach vehicles in serial production were
 presented using the Company s SPD-SmartGlass technology. 

January
 2019: 

At
 least four different companies showcased SPD-Smart products at CES 2019 in the automotive and consumer electronics industries. 

November
 2018: 

Two
 concept electric vehicles debuted at the 2018 Los Angeles Auto Show featured SPD-SmartGlass and were also showcased at various automotive
 and other major industry trade shows during 2019 and early 2020. These two vehicles are scheduled to be in production in 2020. 

At
 various trade shows beginning with electronics 2018 in Munich in November, Texas Instruments demonstrated a control unit reference
 design (TIDA-020013) created to more intelligently and efficiently power SPD-SmartGlass electronically dimmable glass using a standard
 12-volt automotive battery. The interactive demonstration is paired with gesture control to lighten or tint glass with the SPD-SmartGlass
 technology. 

The
 SPD-SmartGlass sunroof application gives occupants more control over the lighting in their car, removes unwanted heat, light and
 glare, and increases the driving range of electric vehicles. It also miniaturizes the electronics package and reduces the cost of
 the entire system to the auto maker, while also improving power efficiency. Engineers can use the TI reference design to accelerate
 their own designs using electronically dimmable glass. The design includes TI s highly efficient power management circuits
 and a 32-bit C2000 real-time MCU to help generate the necessary signal to drive and control substantial surface areas. 

9 

January
 2018: 

A
 number of different companies showcased SPD-Smart products at CES 2018. In the automotive industry, Fisker debuted its new Fisker
 E-Motion with a unique and innovative four-segment SPD SmartGlass roof. In addition to use in its large curved panoramic roof, Fisker
 says that it plans to offer SPD-SmartGlass technology on the side windows of this new electric vehicle. 

Continental
 Corporation Continental also showcased its Intelligent Glass Control system using SPD technology at CES 2018 to demonstrate
 how it makes cars safer, more private and comfortable, lighter and more energy-efficient. 

January
 2017: 

Corning
introduced a concept car that features an SPD-SmartGlass panoramic roof and rear glass at the 2017 Consumer Electronics Show. This large
roof and curved rear glass is made using SPD-SmartGlass light-control film laminated between Corning s Gorilla Glass, a special
chemically-strengthened thin and lightweight glass. 

At
the 2017 Consumer Electronics Show, Continental Corporation Continental showcased an advanced version of its SPD-equipped
vehicle that it originally showcased at the 2016 Consumer Electronics Show. This vehicle has enhanced and more sophisticated electronics,
Continental indicated that its Intelligent Glass Control system increases passenger comfort and lowers CO2 emissions by keeping the interior
of the vehicle cooler. As a result, smaller, more efficient and lighter air conditioning units could be used. Calculations showed a reduction
in CO2 emissions of four grams per kilometer. Continental also estimates that its Intelligent Glass Control system can increase the driving
range of electric vehicles by 5.5 . 

January
 2016: 

Continental
 Corporation showcased its Intelligent Glass Control system on a demonstration vehicle at a special event at the Consumer
 Electronics Show (CES) in Las Vegas. This vehicle, a Ford Mondeo station wagon, used SPD-SmartGlass technology to enable the glass
 in all eleven side and rear windows and in the top sun visor portion of the windshield to change its transparency and darken instantly
 through electric control signals. 

March
 2015: 

The
 Lincoln Motor Company, the luxury automotive brand of the Ford Motor Company, introduced the Lincoln Continental Concept car using
 an SPD-SmartGlass electronically tinting sunroof. This Lincoln Continental Concept car featuring SPD-SmartGlass also made its Asian
 debut at Auto Shanghai in April 2015. 

September
 2012: 

BMW
 debuted at the Paris Motor Show its new BMW Concept Active Tourer. This vehicle s entire composite glass roof uses patented
 SPD-SmartGlass technology. 

March
 2012: 

Mercedes-Benz
 debuted at the Geneva International Motor Show its public evaluation of the Limited Edition Viano Pearl. This vehicle displays the
 capabilities and conceptual use of SPD-SmartGlass on the side glass of vehicles from Mercedes-Benz. 

December
 2011: 

Toyota
 debuted its FS Hybrid Concept at the 2011 Tokyo Motor Show in Tokyo, Japan. The FS Hybrid Concept demonstrated the use of SPD-Smart 
 technology inside glass. 

10 

September
 2011: 

Audi
 debuted its A2 concept car at the Frankfurt International Auto Show in Frankfurt, Germany. The A2 is an electric-powered passenger
 car equipped with a large SPD-Smart panoramic glass roof. 

3. 
 Automotive
 Aftermarket: 

While
the highest volume market for which SPD-Smart technology is being developed is new car production by the world s automakers, the
aftermarket upgrade market also presents opportunities in the automotive market. Research Frontiers licensee American Glass Products
(AGP) is offering its Vario Plus Sky SPD-SmartGlass to the automotive aftermarket as well as to the automotive OEM market for serial
production. In March of 2013, Research Frontiers announced that it had added two new licensees, Tint-It JSC and Advnanotech, both of
whom are targeting the automotive aftermarket in Russia. In May of 2017, Hanamac International Ltd. acquired a license from Research
Frontiers to produce and sell SPD-SmartGlass automotive windows for the South Korean aftermarket. 

In
August 2019, Research Frontiers licensed S o Paulo, Brazil based SER Company to make SPD-SmartGlass primarily for the automotive
armored glass aftermarket in Brazil. SER Company is a Brazilian leader in the development of technologies and solutions for ballistic
cars in the protection and security sector. 

4. 
 Recreational
 Vehicles//Motor Homes/Buses and Motorcoaches: 

Most
motorcoach windows use heavily tinted windows to manage excessive light, glare or heat. While this reduces somewhat the time the shade
has to be down, it remains ineffective for many conditions. Also, it limits passengers experience of views during dusk, nighttime
and dawn hours. This is due to the fact that when outside light levels are low, a heavily tinted window blocks or degrades elements of
the scene outside. During these hours, the high optical clarity of SPD-SmartGlass in the clear state eliminates this problem. 

Features
of SPD-SmartGlass electronically dimmable windows EDWs for motorcoaches include: 

Different
 zones of an EDW can be independently controlled. 

All
 EDWs can be controlled centrally with a master control, or automatically with light sensors. 

The
 level of noise in the motorcoach is reduced. 

The
 EDWs automatically turn to the darkest state when the motorcoach engine is off, keeping the interior cooler and offering lower air-conditioning
 consumption and greater energy savings. 

An
 ergonomic SPD-Smart dimmable motorcoach sun visor increases safety. 

The
 electronics are integrated into the EDW, which facilitates OEM and aftermarket installations. 

October
 2022: 

At
the NBAA trade show, Vision Systems discussed their SPD-SmartGlass contracts for transportation vehicles, which includes three recreational
vehicle contracts. 

January
 2020: 

Vision
Systems exhibited its SPD-SmartGlass technology for the coach marketplace at the UMA Motorcoach Expo in Nashville, TN. Vision Systems
showcased an EDW with integrated information display that provides travel information such as time, temperature, remaining distance to
the next stop, or service availability. Also at the show, Vision Systems unveiled an SPD-SmartGlass solution for the driver environment
with an ergonomic SPD-Smart dimmable sun visor integrated into the upper part of the windshield, avoiding the need for the driver to
handle a shade, which partially blocks the view. 

January
 2019: 

Vision
Systems also exhibited its SPD-SmartGlass technology solutions for the coach marketplace at the UMA Motorcoach Expo. 

11 

May
 2017: 

At
 Caravan Salon in Dusseldorf, Germany, premium recreational vehicle supplier Lippert Components, and Knaus, a leading manufacturer
 of leisure vehicles in Europe, both featured the world premiere of dimmable windows using SPD-SmartGlass technology. These electronically
 dimmable smart windows, which dramatically improve the recreational vehicle passenger experience, were supplied by Vision Systems,
 a licensee of Research Frontiers. 

September
 2014: 

Global
 Caravan Technologies, Inc. unveiled the CR-1 Carbon which features the MagicView roof and MagicView windshield with
 SPD-SmartGlass. This special glass, which totals 28 square feet, was jointly developed with Research Frontiers licensee Vision
 Systems. SPD nanotechnology on this vehicle allows infinitely variable control of privacy between blackout and clear and can be controlled
 by any smart-phone or other smart-devices. In addition to controlling the level of light and glare coming into the RV, the MagicView 
 SPD-SmartGlass on RVs offers many other advantages. This technology provides unsurpassed thermal insulation: SPD-SmartGlass substantially
 rejects solar heat from entering RVs through windows. The SPD-SmartGlass achieves its maximum dark state when the RV is parked/turned
 off and no power is consumed. 

January
 2012: 

Vision
 Systems announced that Notin, manufacturer of motorhomes and campers, selected Visions Systems Nuance brand of SPD-SmartGlass
 for the skylight of Notin s Angara luxury motorhome. In October 2013 at Busworld 2013, Vision Systems showcased a new sun visor
 using SPD-Smart light-control film technology and a light sensor to automatically and dynamically adjust the sun visor to deal with
 changing light and glare conditions. Vision Systems indicated that it has been working for almost two years with a major automotive
 OEM to test the ease of installation, reliability, design and performance of its new sun visor in real world conditions. It further
 indicated that customer reaction regarding the effectiveness and ease of use of this product has been excellent. The fact that this
 feature can be installed in the aftermarket should bring these benefits to a wider range of drivers. 

5. 
 Rail
 Transport: 

October
 2022: 

At
the NBAA trade show, Vision Systems discussed their SPD-SmartGlass contracts for transportation vehicles, which includes three railway
contracts. 

September
 2022: 

At
 the InnoTrans trade show, Gauzy showcased its SPD T-OLED in cooperation with LG Display, the world s industry-leading manufacturer
 of Transparent OLED, in a railway compliant Insulated Glass Unit (IGU). These use LG Display s state-of-the-art 55 Transparent
 OLED display with Gauzy SPD for high contrast and vibrant advertising and messaging in shifting lighting conditions when SPD is tinted,
 or a transparent window when SPD is on (clear mode). 

Also
 at InnoTrans, Gauzy showed the platinum concept, which Gauzy created for Talgo, the Spain-based railway OEM. They demonstrated a
 segmented SPD railway compliant IGU which allows passengers to instantly dim entire windows or specific areas for precise shading
 that increases visual and thermal comfort. 

Also
 at InnoTrans, Rehau, in collaboration with Gauzy and Research Frontiers, presented as part of the major Deutsche Bahn (DB) Ideas
 Train exhibition. This is an SPD-SmartGlass window system for trains, enabling continuously variable shading of carriage windows.
 This DB innovation project demonstrates how continuously variable shading using SPD-SmartGlass technology can raise comfort and sustainability
 to a new level in the trains of the future. 

February
 2020 

In
February 2020, Vision Systems presented its SPD-SmartGlass marine products at the Middle East Rail show in Dubai, UAE, including a multi-zone
SPD-SmartGlass dimmable window, and a dimmable divider with an integrated information display, and a concept of glass partition playing
videos. The multi-zone solution exhibited is an SPD-SmartGlass panel that resembles a digital shade, providing tinting control of a chosen
zone to protect from unwanted light and glare, for improving the passenger experience. Vision Systems also exhibited an SPD-SmartGlass
dimmable divider with an integrated information display that gives travel information such as time, temperature, remaining distance to
next stop, or service availability. 

September
 2018 

Innotrans,
the leading international trade fair for transport technology, was the stage for the world premiere of new EDW solutions using SPD-SmartGlass
technology. AGC and Vision Systems launched their respective latest generations of SPD-SmartGlass EDWs for the rail industry. In addition,
Continental also new electronic control products for SPD-SmartGlass EDWs at the show. 

12 

Vision
Systems at InnoTrans 

Some
of the products using SPD-SmartGlass for the train industry being showcased this week in Berlin include: 

EDWs
 with integrated control system electronics (on the passenger window EDW itself), for rapid installation in both new train car production,
 and retrofitting existing train cars. 

SPD-SmartGlass
 solutions for the driver cabin, to eliminate glare on the dashboard with side and back window EDWs, and/or SPD sun visors integrated
 into the windshield. 

Info-Vision 
 window, which integrates an electroluminescent display into SPD-SmartGlass windows. This combines the benefits of the EDW with information
 available directly on the window, such as time to destination, remaining distance, temperature, service options, and train schedules. 

In
addition to the above information, Vision Systems confirmed at Innotrans that it was working on other high-volume train projects with
major commuter train manufacturers and operators. 

AGC
at InnoTrans 

AGC,
a leading Tier 1 supplier of transparencies to the rail industry for over 50 years, is also prominently featuring SPD-SmartGlass EDWs.
In a recent article entitled AGC at Innotrans with smart glass for transportation, it was noted, AGC s booth will feature
AGC s smart glasses for transportation Wonderlite light control glazing, that switches from clear to dark at the simple
touch of a button. Wonderlite is AGC s brand name for its SPD-SmartGlass EDWs. 

Global
Rail News published an article about Continental at Innotrans, noting, The level of transparency of the glass can be adjusted
via a control system, which can be programmed to respond to external conditions, such as sensor data on sunlight intensity. 

Continental
at InnoTrans 

Continental
unveiled a number of new innovations, including an intelligent technology for darkening glass panes and a range of individual surface
designs. The Intelligent Glass Control (IGC) system by Continental provides passengers with the flexibility to adjust the
amount of light and the color of their window or other glazed areas to suit their needs. The technology, which was originally developed
for the automotive industry, relies on a film sandwiched between two panes of glass and connected to an electronic control unit (ECU). 

September
 2017: 

Vision
Systems announced to the press in September 2017 that it had just signed a contract to supply SPD-Smart Nuance windows for a new proposed
special Shinkansen bullet train which will be put in service for the 2020 Tokyo Olympics. 

May
 2017: 

AGC
 Asahi Glass announced its light control glass, WONDERLITETM, was adopted for JR East luxury sleeper train, Train Suite Shiki-shima
 Shiki-shima ), which began service on May 1. JR East s luxury sleeper train Shiki-shima, conceptualized as a
 train for enjoying changes in time and space , has been designed with individualized themes for each compartment. Of
 particular note, the front carriage, containing a special area for enjoying panoramic views of Japan s landscape, has been
 outfitted with WONDERLITETM light control glass, which makes it possible to adjust passing sunlight simply with a switch. 

September
 2016: 

Vision
 Systems, with its customers/strategic partners, exhibited many different types of SPD-Smart products at InnoTrans 2016. Products
 included: 

(a) 
 A
 full-scale train cabin mockup equipped with many SPD-Smart passenger windows 

13 

(b) 
 SPD-Smart
 windows with integrated transparent information displays 

(c) 
 SPD-Smart
 contrast enhancement filters for displays 

(d) 
 SPD-Smart
 windows with multi-zone switching capabilities 

(e) 
 Train
 passenger SPD-Smart windows 

(f) 
 Aftermarket
 driver cabin SPD-Smart windows 

September
 2014: 

In
 September 2014, Poma (a leading supplier of cable transport systems) showcased at Innotrans 2014 its Cabine H2 cable car. The windows
 in this cable transport vehicle used Research Frontiers licensee Vision Systems Nuance SPD solution. Innotrans
 2014 is the largest international trade fair for rail transport technology with over 160,000 visitors and is held every two years
 in Berlin, Germany. At this fair, Bombardier featured its FLEXITY 2 tram platform using an electronically dimmable
 window produced by Vision Systems. In addition, AGC, one of the largest producers of flat glass in the world, featured its WONDERLITE 
 SPD-SmartGlass train window. 

6. 
 Automotive
 Armored Glass Market: 

Within
the automotive market, a potentially additional sector is the armored glass market. Armored glass (sometimes referred to as transparent
armor and bullet-resistant glass encompasses the military, non-military government, and civilian markets. In addition,
SPD-Smart technology in this market not only provides the benefits of light-control and UV blockage, it also enhances security by introducing
darker tints and privacy. A number of the Company s licensees including American Glass Products, Isoclima, and SER are recognized
industry leaders in the armored glass market. 

In
August 2019, Research Frontiers licensed S o Paulo, Brazil based SER Company to make SPD-SmartGlass primarily for the automotive
armored glass aftermarket in Brazil. SER Company is a Brazilian leader in the development of technologies and solutions for ballistic
cars in the protection and security sector. 

7. 
 SPD-Smart
 Aircraft Products: 

Multiple
aircraft manufacturers and their selected interiors installers have announced that they have selected SPD-Smart dimmable window products
as standard or optional equipment for their production aircraft: 

Honda
 Aircraft Company: 

The
HondaJet, with first delivery in December 2015, comes with SPD-Smart electronically dimmable windows as standard equipment on all passenger
windows. 

Textron-Beechcraft
 has SPD-Smart electronically dimmable windows as standard equipment on models of its King Air aircraft: 

The
 King Air 250, with first delivery during 2015 

The
 King Air 350i, with first delivery during 2015 

The
 King Air C90GTx, with first deliveries during the first quarter of 2016 

ONE
 Aviation announced the selection of SPD-Smart electronically dimmable windows for its Eclipse 700 platform, production of which is
 now discontinued.. 

Epic
 Aircraft s E1000, with first delivery in February 2020, comes with SPD-Smart electronically
 dimmable windows as standard equipment on all passenger windows. 
 
 Airbus 
 ACJ TwoTwenty, the A220 platform for private aircraft, will come with SPD-Smart windows. Airbus, as well as their selected completion
 center Comlux, feature the EDWs in promotional materials. Airbus shipped the first ACJ TwoTwenty to Comlux in January 2022, for the
 installation of the interior. 
 
 In
 October 2022, Daher showcased its TBM 960 aircraft at the NBAA show, which had SPD EDWs. The TBM 960 comes with SPD EDWs as standard
 equipment, which a Vision Systems partner publicly confirmed in February of 2023. 

14 

Dassault
 Aviation: 

The
Falcon 5X was scheduled to come with SPD-Smart electronically dimmable skylights as standard equipment. Subsequently, however, Dassault
announced in December 2017 that it was terminating the Falcon 5X program and announced the launch of a new Falcon program featuring the
same skylight as the Falcon 5X. This aircraft, the Falcon 6X is scheduled to enter into service in 2023. 

Other
aircraft manufacturers and their suppliers continue to develop and evaluate the use of SPD technology in their window systems. Aircraft
manufacturers and SPD product suppliers have incorporated SPD-Smart electronically dimmable windows in mockups, with some of these mockups
being exhibited at major aviation shows: 

February
 2023: 

Vision
Systems partner Verre Industrie published a news item promoting Vision Systems SPD EDW as standard equipment contract for the Daher TBM
960 aircraft. They noted, Our partner Vision Systems has entrusted us with the manufacture of several hundred thin glasses X-Lite
for dimmable windows to be fitted in series in Daher TBM 960 aircraft. This success rewards the joint efforts of recent years including
the creation several prototypes before the launch in production. 

October
 2022: 

At
the NBAA aircraft show, Vision Systems discussed their SPD-SmartGlass contracts for transportation vehicles, which includes five helicopter
contracts, eleven aircraft contracts, and one airline retrofit contract. 

June
 2022: 

At
the 2022 Aircraft Interiors Expo, Vision Systems unveiled an ambiance management system for commercial and private aircraft.
This system delivers the ideal atmosphere for each passenger with SPD electronically dimmable windows (EDWs), mood lighting, and large
triple-window shades and all elements of the system can be synchronized to provide an unparalleled passenger experience. Also
at this show, Vision Systems unveiled new SPD EDW innovations, for first class and business class passengers on commercial airlines.
This included a smart glass partition showing messages, images or videos such as traveling information or advertising. When nothing is
displayed, this divider can remain transparent, or opaque (white or dark) to offer privacy between classes. 

April
 2022: 

At
the Sun n Fun Expo in Florida, OEM Daher showed its TBM 960, which features EDWs. Aircraft EDWs using SPD technology instantly
and precisely control the amount of light, glare and heat in the cabin. 

October
 2020: 

Airbus
launched the ACJ TwoTwenty business jet, a clean-sheet design aircraft based on Airbus A220-100, featuring advanced materials
and state-of-the-art technologies that include electronically dimmable windows. 

November
 2019: 

Vision
Systems unveiled its aircraft and helicopter SPD-Smart solutions at the Dubai Airshow in Dubai, UAE. Among the products presented at
the show were an SPD-Smart electronically dimmable helicopter window, and a multizone SPD-Smart dimmable aircraft window with an integrated
control panel. Vision Systems also unveiled an SPD-Smart partition combining an electronically dimmable system with an information display
based on electroluminescent technology. Whether on windows or dividers, this solution can either be set in transparent or dark mode when
no information is displayed, or show short travel information. The background opacity can then adjust automatically for perfect contrast
and readability. 

April
 2019: 

Vision
Systems presented its SPD-Smart EDWs at the Aircraft Interiors Expo (AIX) in Hamburg, Germany. Its system delivers important passenger
experience benefits including a cooler and quieter cabin due to remarkable thermal and acoustic insulation. The following chart summarizes
some of the performance advantages highlighted at the show that Vision Systems SPD-Smart EDWs have over electrochromic EDWs: 

SPD-Smart
 EDW 
 
 Electrochromic
 EDW 
 
 Switching
 Speed 
 
 0.5
 3 Seconds 
 
 Minutes 

Uniform
 Tinting 
 
 Yes 
 
 No 

Heat-Blocking
 When Aircraft on Ramp and Unpowered 
 
 Extremely
 High: 
 Switches
 to Darkest State 
 
 Poor
 Moderate: 
 Switches
 to Clearest State 

Noise
 Blocking 
 
 Extremely
 High 
 
 Poor
 Moderate 

Multizone
 Tinting 
 
 Yes 
 
 No 

Replaces
 Dust Pane 
 
 Yes 
 
 No 

Integrated
 Electronics 
 
 Yes 
 
 No 

Ability
 to Include PDLC Film For Additional Blackout and Privacy 
 
 Yes 
 
 No 

Integrated
 Information Display 
 
 Yes 
 
 No 

Integrated
 Touch Panel 
 
 Yes 
 
 No 

15 

October
 2018: 

Vision
Systems presented its second-generation SPD-Smart EDWs, branded Nuance V2, with enhanced optics and a lower cost at the NBAA business
aviation show. The solutions on display at Vision Systems NBAA included: 

Multizone:
 This Nuance V2 solution allows independent control of light and glare through different zones of an SPD-Smart EDW,
 to any level of tint. 

Variable
 light control with diffused light / privacy control: This SPD-Smart solution enables instant and precise dimming from clear to very
 dark, plus an opaque white or dark feature for privacy and enjoying soft, diffused daylight through the EDW. 

Interactive:
 Vision System s Info-Vision is the first smart information window integrating SPD-Smart and electroluminescent technologies.
 This economical innovation, for use in windows and cabin dividers, provides passengers with travel and other information right on
 the window. The tint of the Info-Vision EDW can automatically adjust in real-time, providing optimal contrast and readability. 

Cabin
 Divider: The Nuance V2 cabin divider enables adjustable levels of privacy between classes and allows flight attendants the ability
 to view multiple cabins whenever needed. 

April
 2018: 

Fokker
Services, in partnership with InspecTech Aero Service, featured their Element EDW brand of SPD-Smart EDWs at the AIX commercial aviation
show in Hamburg, Germany: 

An
 Airbus A320 mockup was demonstrated, which includes two Element EDWs integrated into a sidewall. The EDWs replace the inboard scratch
 lens (the surface closest to the passenger), resulting in benefits including improved optical clarity, and the perception
 of larger windows as the scratch lens panel has a larger surface area than the structural window. 

Fokker
 showcased a Boeing 737 cabin mockup which includes Element EDWs. 

April
 2018: 

At
the AIX show in Hamburg, Vision Systems unveiled the world premiere of Vision System s Info-Vision, the first smart information
window integrating both SPD-Smart and electroluminescent technologies. This economical innovation, for use in windows and cabin dividers,
provides passengers with travel information right on the panel. The tint of the Info-Vision window or divider can automatically adjust
in real-time, providing optimal contrast and readability. Other SPD-Smart EDW solutions from Vision Systems featured at AIX in Hamburg
include: 

Second-generation
 Nuance V2 and Nuance V2 Ultra-Dark: enhanced optics and lower cost. 

Nuance
 Smart-Shell: a retrofit EDW product covering cockpit side windows. 

Nuance
 Energia: a dimmable sun visor integrating a transparent photovoltaic film for self-power. 

October
 2017: 

PPG
Aerospace, in partnership with Vision Systems, launched a new product at the National Business Aviation Association Convention and Exhibition
in Las Vegas, Nevada. Nuance V2 Ultra Clear is a new product responding to the industry requests for aircraft cabin shading systems that
allow for brighter cabin interiors, while providing for more effective shading. This Electronically Dimmable Window (EDW) solution uses
patented SPD-Smart light control technology developed by Research Frontiers. 

July
 2017: 

ONE
Aviation announced the selection of the ALTEOS EDW by PPG for its new Eclipse 700 aircraft. The Eclipse 700 aircraft is an upgraded version
of its Eclipse 500/550. The Alteos EDW utilizes the NUANCE V2 shading product by Vision Systems that uses SPD-Smart light-control technology
from Research Frontiers. As ONE Aviation stated in the announcement, A priority at ONE Aviation is to maximize ease of use and
passenger comfort. The PPG ALTEOS system provides both with simple and effective control of window shading. 

16 

May
 2017: 

Vision
Systems and PPG Aerospace announced that they have reached a commercial agreement to work together on developing new applications utilizing
Vision Systems EDW shading solutions for aircraft. These solutions use Research Frontiers SPD-Smart EDW technology and
also combine the considerable experience that both PPG Aerospace and Vision Systems have in supplying the aircraft industry with EDW
systems. As stated in their press release, The agreement provides a framework for PPG and Vision Systems to pursue opportunities
in commercial, regional, military and general aviation applications that capitalize on each company s expertise. 

October
 2016: 

At
the MRO Europe conference Fokker Services, a division of GKN Aerospace, launched Element EDW, a new electronically dimmable
window system for commercial airliners. Developed in collaboration with Research Frontiers licensee InspecTech Aero Service, this smart
transparency controls and manages both beneficial and undesirable outside elements coming into aircraft cabins through passenger
windows. 

Vision
Systems exhibited SPD-Smart EDWs at Aircraft Interiors Expo Asia and at the National Business Aviation Association (NBAA) Business Aviation
Convention Exhibition. These products improve the airline passenger experience by controlling light, glare, heat and noise entering
the cabin. 

May
 2016: 

Easier
SPD-Smart EDW control switches from InspecTech Aero Service were featured at the EBACE aircraft show on the newly redesigned King Air
350i and 250 that were on display by Textron-Beechcraft. Also, at EBACE it was reported that the King Air C90GTx (the third King Air
to offer SPD-Smart EDWs as standard equipment) has received FAA certification, and Textron highlighted the improved EDWs on its newly
redesigned aircraft as an important cabin enhancement. 

Vision
Systems debuted an Acti-Vision interactive aircraft window at the EBACE aircraft show that not only dims but brings the passenger important
information such as flight status, moving map, satellite imagery, and even tourist information about what the passenger is looking at
out the window via a transparent video touchscreen built into the window. 

April
 2016: 

Vision
Systems introduced a solution for the light and glare issues commonly experienced in aircraft cockpits at the Aircraft Interiors Expo.
Vision Systems Nuance Smart Shell, using Research Frontiers SPD-Smart EDW technology, is designed for lateral cockpit windows,
which account for a large percentage of light and glare entering cockpits, and are extremely difficult to shade. The Nuance Smart Shell
EDW covers the entire window surface area and brings dynamic solar control to aircraft cockpits providing automated management
of intense high-altitude light and glare, and protection from harmful UV radiation. 

April
 2015: 

Vision
Systems demonstrated its Nuance Touchless SPD-Smart EDW at the 2015 Aircraft Interiors Expo in Hamburg, Germany. The new system allows
passengers to use gestures, much like those used to operate a smart phone, to control the tint of their aircraft windows, but without
ever having to touch the window or any other aircraft interior component. 

Isoclima
showcased its CromaLite brand of SPD-Smart electronically dimmable windows at the Aircraft Interiors Expo in Hamburg, Germany. 

March
 2015: 

Vision
Systems unveiled its SPD-Smart Opti-Visor electronically dimmable sun visor for the aircraft market at the Helicopter Association International
Heli-Expo in Orlando, Florida. 

17 

December
 2014: 

At
the 2014 MEBA show in Dubai, U.A.E., Vision Systems unveiled a new generation of its Energia photovoltaic autonomous SPD-Smart dimmable
window the new product is capable of producing more energy than the prior generation. 

October
 2014: 

Epic
Aircraft featured SPD-Smart windows in the mock-up of its upcoming E1000 aircraft. The mock-up was unveiled at 2014 NBAA in Orlando,
Florida. 

May
 2014: 

At
the 2014 EBACE show in Geneva, Switzerland, Vision Systems unveiled a new SPD-Smart dimmable window product that offers passengers the
ability to independently control the tint of different zones within the same window. At the same show, Vision Systems announced
an improvement in the optical performance of its Nuance SPD-Smart dimmable windows a product offering wider amplitude between
clear and dark. 

April
 2014: 

BAE
Systems featured SPD-Smart electronically dimmable windows in its cabin management system mock-up at the 2014 Hamburg Airshow. The windows
can be controlled by the BAE system. 

Vaupell
featured an SPD-Smart electronically dimmable window in its commercial airliner window assembly at the 2014 Hamburg Airshow. 

October
 2013: 

At
the 2013 AIX Americas show, Vision Systems strategic partner Vaupell announced they are offering the industry a complete SPD-Smart
light-control window system Vision Systems SPD-Smart Noctis window and control system, integrated with Vaupell s
window assembly. This product offering was showcased at Vaupell s AIX Americas booth. Vision Systems and Vaupell entered into a
strategic partnership to develop and offer SPD-Smart Noctis and Nuance windows to OEMs, including Vaupell s longstanding customer
Boeing. 

At
the 2013 NBAA, Vision Systems unveiled Energia the world s first self-powered dimmable window for aircraft cabins. Energia
adds the many practical, technical, and financial benefits of solar power to the instant switching speed, wide range of light transmission,
and relief from light, glare and heat that SPD-Smart aircraft windows already provide. Energia operates without using the aircraft s
electrical system because it integrates a transparent photovoltaic layer that is capable of producing its own energy from the
sun, or from artificial light sources. Energia facilitates the installation of dimmable windows on new production and aftermarket aircraft.
It is completely independent of the cabin s wiring, and no modifications to the aircraft s existing electrical system are
required. Energia was developed in collaboration with Sunpartner Technologies, Vision Systems partner and the inventor and manufacturer
of the transparent photovoltaic panel. In March 2014, Vision Systems announced that Energia had been selected as a finalist in the prestigious
2014 Crystal Cabin Award. 

18 

June
 2013: 

At
the Paris Air Show, Vision Systems announced it will open its first-ever U.S. SPD-SmartGlass factory, investing nearly 1.2 million in
capital expenditures to serve customers with strong U.S. operations. The new factory was highlighted by Florida Governor Rick Scott and
Vision Systems President and CEO Carl Putman, with Research Frontiers President and CEO Joseph M. Harary and others in attendance for
this special announcement. This announcement of a further expansion to the United States indicates an acceleration of existing and projected
business in North and South America where major aircraft OEMs and customers of Vision Systems are located, including HondaJet and Gulfstream. 

May
 2013: 

Eurocopter
featured SPD-Smart windows, and SPD-Smart cabin partitions, in the mock-up of its EC175 helicopter. The mock-up was unveiled at EBACE
2013 in Geneva, Switzerland. 

April
 2013: 

Vision
Systems debuted its new SPD-Smart window with integrated electronics and controls directly on the window at the 2013 Hamburg Air Show.
Developed with strategic partner Vaupell, a world leader in the production of aircraft interior subassemblies for commercial aerospace
applications, it became the first dimmable window with integrated electronics and control panel directly on the aesthetically attractive
window reveal. 

October
 2012: 

Honda
Aircraft Company featured HondaJet SPD-Smart cabin windows at the 2012 National Business Aviation Association (NBAA) Annual Meeting 
Convention. The HondaJet s passenger windows will use SPD technology as standard equipment. SPD-Smart Nuance windows for the HondaJet
went into production at Vision Systems new Melbourne, Florida factory. 

InspecTech
announced enhancements to its electronics architecture used to control its iShade to enable the SPD-Smart electronically dimmable windows
to switch to their clearest state in the event of a power loss that was a request made by certain OEMs. InspecTech s iShades
now offer the best of both worlds - when unpowered on the ramp, the windows automatically switch to their darkest, maximum
heat-rejecting state, and when in the air, they instantly switch to the clear state in the event of a loss of power. 

InspecTech
announced improvements to its iShadeiQ including a higher light transmission, greater contrast ratio, unprecedented optical clarity,
superior acoustic and thermal insulation properties, and lighter weight. 

March
 2012: 

At
the 2012 Aircraft Interiors Expo in Hamburg, Germany, Isoclima S.p.A. announced that Isoclima s CromaLite brand of SPD-Smart aerospace
windows made its world premiere. CromaLite is Isoclima s SPD-Smart solar control glazing product and enables users to efficiently
control the transmitted solar radiation in both the visible and the solar range. Dr. Alberto Bertolini, Executive Director of Isoclima,
commented: Our CromaLite brand of SPD-Smart window offers many valuable light-control benefits: instant shading, glare control,
UV rejection, the desire for passenger comfort, and keeping aircraft cool when they are on the ground. We are very excited by the reactions
we have received from OEMs and cabin designers who are here at the Aircraft Interiors Expo and are excited about our growing portfolio
of SPD-Smart CromaLite solutions for the transportation and architectural markets. 

Vision
Systems announced that the company has invested over 750,000 to expand its existing factory in France to add a production facility dedicated
to the manufacture of its SPD-Smart Nuance and Noctis aerospace and transportation windows and cabin dividers. 

19 

November
 2011: 

Bombardier
Aerospace featured SPD-Smart aircraft windows in its CSeries aircraft cabin mock-up at the 2011 Dubai Airshow, equipping the business
class windows in its mock-up with SPD-Smart aerospace windows. 

Vision
Systems exhibited its Nuance and Noctis brands of SPD-Smart aircraft cabin windows at the Dubai Airshow in Dubai, United Arab Emirates.
Nuance and Noctis SPD-Smart aerospace windows offer instant and precise light-control at every level which provides OEMs and private
aircraft owners a solar protection solution that enhances flying comfort and supports fuel efficiency. These electronically dimmable
aircraft and helicopter window shades and cabin dividers are impact-resistant, completely silent, available in flat and curved surfaces,
and can be controlled by the cabin management system or by passengers. Vision Systems Noctis SPD-Smart product line offers enhanced
blackout solar protection and complete privacy. Also, at the November 2011 Dubai Airshow, Vision Systems announced that Bombardier Aerospace
was featuring Vision Systems SPD-Smart aircraft windows in Bombardier s CSeries aircraft cabin mock-up. Bombardier equipped
the business class windows in its mock-up with Vision Systems SPD-Smart Noctis aerospace windows. Developed for the 100- to 149-seat
market segment, the CSeries family of aircraft is Bombardier s all new mainline transport solution. 

April
 2011: 

InspecTech
announced a new model of its SPD-Smart iShade window, branded iShadeiQ. This model, in addition to the light, glare and heat control,
also reduces noise levels in the cabin. 

Key
performance requirements for aircraft light-control windows: 

Level
 of darkness: 

Solar
 radiation onboard aircraft is extreme and requires a dimmable window that creates an environment dark enough for passengers to sleep,
 even during daylight hours. Research Frontiers licensees now offer SPD-Smart windows that can be set to block over 99.96 of incoming
 light, to meet the needs of OEMs and their customers. 

Switching
 speed: 

Whenever
 a passenger wants relief from glare, SPD-Smart aircraft windows offer immediate response. Due to instant switching, an infinite number
 of light-transmission states can be selected by the passenger or flight crew, from clear to blackout, and any level of view-preserving
 tint in between. 

Heat-blocking: 

Aircraft
 cabins can become hot when the aircraft is parked because of solar heat streaming through windows. The result is an uncomfortably
 warm cabin upon boarding or the need to use jet fuel or auxiliary power units before boarding to cool down the cabin. SPD-Smart aircraft
 windows automatically switch to their maximum heat-blocking state, even when the aircraft is parked unpowered, and the cabin remains
 cool. 

Additional
challenges stated by OEMs and their customers that have been successfully met by SPD-Smart dimmable aircraft windows include: 

Noise-blocking:
 the ability to reduce the amount of noise transmitted through windows 

Curved
 shapes: the ability to offer curved windows to meet interior design needs 

20 

Weight-reduction:
 the ability to fabricate dimmable windows using lightweight plastics and thin chemically strengthened glass 

FAA
 and EASA certification: the ability to demonstrate full compliance with all FAA and EASA requirements 

8. 
 SPD-Smart
 Architectural Products: 

Research
Frontiers and its licensees are currently working with multiple architectural customers to introduce SPD-Smart products including windows,
skylights, partitions and doors. The architectural markets for these products are highly fragmented and in general have a high sensitivity
to price. In the near term, the Company expects SPD-SmartGlass products primarily will be commercialized in specialty applications and/or
sectors that value its distinctive performance attributes including fast switching speed regardless of window size, a very wide range
of visible light transmission, infinite light-control between its dark and clear states, and availability in unusual shapes and sizes.
Research Frontiers end-product licensees in this sector include industry leaders such as: American Glass Products (AGP), Asahi
Glass, CricursaCristalesCurvados, Gauzy, Glatic, Innovative Glass, Isoclima, LTI SmartGlass, NSG UMU Products Co., Ltd Prelco, Isoclima,
Smartglass International and Traco (a business unit of Alcoa). 

In
December 2019, Research Frontiers licensed Seoul, South Korea based Glatic Co., Ltd. to produce and sell SPD-SmartGlass smart windows
for the South Korean architectural market. 

In
January 2017, Research Frontiers and NSG UMU Products Co., Ltd. announced that UMU Products has acquired a license from Research Frontiers
to produce and sell SPD-SmartGlass architectural intelligent products throughout the United States, Canada, Mexico, Japan, the People s
Republic of China and Taiwan. The non-exclusive license grants UMU Products, a subsidiary of world-leading glass manufacturer Nippon
Sheet Glass, the right to manufacture and sell SPD-SmartGlass products including windows, doors, solar shading screens, curtainwalls,
skylights and other intelligent smart glass architectural products. 

In
September 2016, Smartglass International announced that its Solar SmartGlass brand of SPD-SmartGlass has been selected for both new construction
and retrofit projects. An example of a retrofit project is the University of Edinburgh s historic McEwan Hall. The interior of
this hall, built in 1897, is being refurbished. In an article on the Smartglass International website, the company indicates that its
Solar SmartGlass will be retrofitted to the internal building walls to protect the beautiful paintings and features for
many more years to come. The glass will increase the functionality of the space by allowing instant control over the amount of light
entering the hall. Smartglass International will create bespoke solar switchable panels that will be fitted inside each of the 13 circular
oculi, each more than 2 meters in diameter. 

At
its annual stockholders meeting in June 2015, Research Frontiers announced a small strategic investment in Zuli Inc. a manufacturer of
smartplugs. At this meeting, Joseph Harary demonstrated how the ZuliSmartplug integrates with SPD SmartGlass products. Mr. Harary indicated
that Using a ZuliSmartplug, you can walk into a room with your smartphone, and have the lights automatically turn on, temperature
adjust, and the glass in your windows instantly go from an energy-saving dark tint, to clear so you can see the magnificent views outside
your home. Now, walk into another room and have those lights and windows adjust too, while the ZuliSmartplug automatically shuts off
your devices in the room you left to save energy. 

In
March 2015, Research Frontiers patented SPD-SmartGlass technology was selected as the exclusive smart glass for the USA Pavilion
at this year s World s Fair, Expo Milano 2015 from May through October 2015. The USA Pavilion 312 large panels of SPD-SmartGlass
manufactured under license from Research Frontiers by Isoclima S.p.A. Each panel measures approximately 1 meter by 3 meters, making the
total surface area in the roof more than 10,000 square feet. This is the largest known installation of smart glass in the world for a
roof application and was seen by over six million people. 

SPD-Smart
windows, skylights, doors and partitions offer various benefits in architectural applications. During 2009, independent tests were conducted
by DSET Laboratories, a division of Atlas Material Testing Technology, in accordance with ASTM and ASHRAE testing and calculation protocols.
These test results demonstrate that SPD-Smart windows have excellent solar heat rejection and control capabilities. In January 2011 a
study published by the Department of Engineering at the University of Cambridge concluded that SPD-Smart light-control windows are exceptionally
energy efficient, reducing solar heat gain by as much as 90 . The Cambridge study indicated that the real-world testing confirms
theoretical predictions that SPD glass holds great energy saving potential and is a technology that can really help to reduce energy
wastage of glass facades. In addition to SPD-Smart technology, the Cambridge study discussed alternative dynamic glazing technologies
that could be used in windows (e.g. electrochromics) and reported that SPD-Smart technology did not have the disadvantages that limited
the potential of these alternative technologies. For example, the study cited that an electrochromic window that is 2.4 square meters
can take up to 30 minutes to change from clear to dark. 

21 

In
November 2011, Research Frontiers licensee Innovative Glass Corporation was awarded two 2010 Crystal Achievement Awards for its
smart window product line using our SPD-Smart light-control technology. In October 2010, its SPD-SmartGlass product was awarded WFX s
(Worship Facilities Conference Expo) New Product award for Best Building System Material Product/Window. Innovative Glass has completed
or is working on a variety of SPD-SmartGlass projects in the commercial, residential and institutional markets. Innovative Glass also
periodically exhibits its SPD-SmartGlass architectural products at Glass Expo Northeast in Hauppauge, New York. Glass Expo Northeast
is the region s largest conference and trade show dedicated to the architectural glass and metal industry. 

Research
Frontiers licensee SmartGlass International has announced completion of several high visibility SPD-SmartGlass installations. During
February 2012, the company announced installation of SPD-SmartGlass at CERN, the European Organization for Nuclear Research, which is
one of the world s largest and most respected centers for scientific research. SmartGlass International installed SPD-SmartGlass
in CERN s Globe of Science and Innovation that will house a permanent exhibition and is intended to serve as a venue for a wide
range of activities, conferences and other events, In February 2011, SmartGlass International announced it supplied retrofit SPD-SmartGlass
to five London television studios of the Associated Press. The SPD-SmartGlass used in these projects harvests daylight when it s
needed, improves occupant comfort by providing controllable solar shading during peak light conditions, and preserves views. Just prior
to this installation, it was announced that SmartGlass International installed retrofit SPD-SmartGlass panels at the set of Daybreak, 
the breakfast anchor program from ITV, one of the UK s largest commercial television networks. 

In
2014, Research Frontiers added Teknoglass Solutions LLP and Diamond Glass. Teknoglass Solutions LLP acquired a license from Research
Frontiers Inc. to make and sell SPD-SmartGlass architectural smart window products in the United Kingdom and Republic of Ireland. Diamond
Glass acquired a license from Research Frontiers Inc. to make and sell SPD-SmartGlass architectural smart window products throughout
Europe. In November of 2013 Research Frontiers announced that it had a new licensee, MDV, who is targeting the architectural market in
Brazil. In March of 2013 Research Frontiers announced that it had added two new licensees, Tint-It JSC and Advnanotech, both of whom
are targeting the architectural market (in addition to the automotive aftermarket discussed previously) in Russia. 

9. 
 SPD-Smart
 Marine Products: 

Research
Frontiers and its licensees are currently working with marine customers to introduce SPD-Smart products including windows, doors and
partitions. When our patented SPD-Smart light-control technology is used in yacht windows and other products, users can quickly and precisely
control and tune the amount of light, glare and heat coming through their windows, while preserving their view. Diamond
Sea Glaze Manufacturing commenced marketing activities for products using SPD technology during the second quarter of 2011 but did not
renew its license for SPD-SmartGlass technology for the marine market which terminated at the end of December 2017. 

In
October 2022, at the NBAA trade show, Vision Systems discussed their SPD-SmartGlass contracts for marine platforms, which includes three
sailing yacht contract, four yacht contracts, and 2 cruise ship contracts. 

In
June 2019, Vision Systems exhibited at the Cruise Ship Interiors Expo in Miami, Florida. Building upon its expertise in dimmable shading
systems, Vision Systems exhibited its Electronically Dimmable Windows (EDWs) for solar protection and privacy, including a curved dimmable
solution, a complete privacy solution, and a multizone Electronically Dimmable Window with integrated information display. Vision Systems 
innovative solutions make it possible to eliminate shades that clutter up the space, block the view and require regular maintenance.
They also allow for a solar protection on windows where shades could not, or be difficult, to be installed. 

In
October 2016, Vision Systems announced at the Monaco Yacht Show and 2016 IBEX new relationships for offering SPD-SmartGlass products
with Taylor Made Systems, ProCurve Glass, and Yachtglass. In addition, the Monaco Yacht Show hosted the world premiere of the Edition
1 model of the ARROW460 Granturismo, which has SPD-Smart dimmable glazing products throughout the Silver
Arrows Marine motor yacht supplied by Vision Systems and designed by Mercedes-Benz Design. 

22 

In
November 2015, Silver Arrows Marine in conjunction with Mercedes-Benz Style (a design arm of Mercedes-Benz) unveiled a new yacht called
the ARROW460 Granturismo featuring an SPD-SmartGlass electronically dimmable roof. The roof, which is supplied by licensee Vision
Systems, will be able to be electrically risen, creating a glass pergola effect on the yacht. First customer deliveries
of this production yacht are planned to start in early 2016. Vision Systems presented its products at the 2015 Marine Equipment Trade
Show in Amsterdam in November 2015 and at the Monaco Yacht Show in September 2015. 

In
November 2013, Hatteras Yachts unveiled its new flagship motor yacht, the 100 Raised Pilothouse with dual SPD-SmartGlass skylights in
the galley as standard equipment at the 2013 Fort Lauderdale Boat Show. 

In
February 2013, licensee Isoclima demonstrated its VebLite brand of SPD-SmartGlass for marine applications at SEATEC 2013 in Italy. SEATEC
is a leading international exhibition of technology and design for boats, megayachts and ships. 

In
November 2012, licensee Isoclima exhibited its VebLite brand of SPD-SmartGlass for marine applications at the Marine Equipment Trade
(METS) Show 2012 in The Netherlands. VebLite is Isoclima s SPD-Smart solar control and privacy glazing product that functions like
a venetian blind. It has multiple segments that provide instantly customizable shading fully controlled by the passenger that can be
operated individually to create the effect of a shade being raised or lowered or moved to the side. This precisely controls where incoming
heat and glare enter a yacht or boat through a window or rooflite, and also controls privacy levels. 

In
addition to exhibiting its SPD-Smart marine products at METS 2012, licensee Vision Systems SPD-Smart Nuance dimmable marine window
was named the category winner in the prestigious METS 2012 Design Award METS (DAME) competition for interior equipment, furnishing, materials
and electrical fittings used in cabins. DAME is considered the world s most prestigious design competition for new marine equipment
and accessories. In METS news release about the DAME award, it was noted The Jury felt that Nuance is a major innovation
that will benefit designers and owners greatly - with comparatively little increase in cost. 

In
October 2011, Cheoy Lee Shipyards unveiled the Alpha 76 Express, its most advanced production yacht, which is fully equipped with the
latest yacht design features including SPD-SmartGlass supplied by Research Frontiers licensee Diamond Sea Glaze. The Alpha has approximately
150 square feet of SPD-SmartGlass at various places throughout the vessel and it is the first large-scale production yacht to make such
extensive use of SPD-SmartGlass. In October 2012, Cheoy Lee Shipyards exhibited two yachts the Alpha 76 Express and the Alpha
76 Flybridge at the 2012 Fort Lauderdale International Boat Show with SPD-SmartGlass. 

10. 
 VariGuard
 SmartGlass: 

In
May 2013, Research Frontiers announced the formation of its VariGuard SmartGlass business unit. This business unit allowed the Company
to directly address market opportunities for SPD technology outside the scope of its current license agreements or the focus of its licensees.
VariGuard SmartGlass was a developmental activity for the Company and its revenues are currently immaterial relative to the Company s
licensing activities. 

The
VariGuard SmartGlass business unit marketed and sold SPD-Smart products directly to customers for specialty uses such as the protection
of artwork and light-sensitive documents in museums and private collections. The business uses an optimized fabrication designed specifically
for its exhibition panels. The production of these panels is outsourced to current licensees that have experience producing SPD laminates. 

Excessive
light-exposure is a leading cause of irreversible damage to many precious objects, particularly works on paper, textiles and watercolor.
Presently, no display system is able to provide these artifacts with any protection against visible light damage. VariGuard SmartGlass
provides the world s first and only display panels that limit an artifact s light-exposure only to when the artifact is being
viewed. This provides unequalled protection for light-sensitive artifacts by substantially reducing an artifact s overall lux-hour
exposure when compared to conventional display panels. 

23 

VariGuard
SmartGlass marketing and exhibition activities include: 

October
 2018: In an inauguration ceremony presided over by the King and Queen of Sweden, the country s Nationalmuseum reopened after
 a five-year 132 million renovation. The Nationalmuseum selected ArtRatio s display case, engineered using VariGuard SmartGlass,
 to allow visitors to experience these objects while at the same time providing unprecedented protection against irreversible damage
 from exposure to light. 

Some
of the works being protected by the ArtRatio display case include: 

Book
 of Hours, St. Christopher carrying the Christ Child, watercolor and gold on parchment, Spain, c1400. 

Book
 of Hours, Arrest of Christ, watercolor and gold on parchment, France, c1500. 

Ivory
 object, Christ on the Cross, France, c1350. 

Book
 of Hours, St. Catherine and Kneeling Donor, watercolor and gold on parchment, Netherlands, c1430. 

Book,
 The Hours of Giraldi-Guicciardini: The Rising of Lazarus; Death Carrying a Scythe; 1500-1525, Watercolor, gold on parchment, Italy. 

Many
objects in the collection date from the Middle Ages and are highly susceptible to permanent damage from exposure to UV, visible and infrared
light. 

Nationalmuseum
Comments: 

The
ArtRatio smart glass table works wonderfully, does its job of protecting our manuscripts and looks great in the room as well! 
 Carina Pia Fryklund Curator, Department of Prints and Drawings, Nationalmuseum 

With
VariGuard SmartGlass we can now show very light sensitive illuminations in a gallery where we also let daylight coming in. Joakim
Werning Exhibition Designer, Nationalmuseum 

January
 2018: VariGuard SmartGlass showcased its SPD-SmartGlass products at the West Coast Art and
 Framing Expo at Omega Moulding s booth #431. 

December
 2017: To raise awareness of the unprecedented benefits of VariGuard SmartGlass, the Company has launched an advertising campaign
 targeting the display case and custom framing industries. The first phase of the campaign utilizes publications from leading conservation
 institutions in the US (Journal of the American Institute of Conservation) and the UK (Institute of Conservation) as well the leading
 institution for the picture framing industry (Picture Framing Magazine). 

May
 2017: VariGuard SmartGlass showcased its SPD-SmartGlass products at the 45th annual meeting of the American Institute for Conservation
 of Historic and Artistic Works (AIC) in Chicago at booth #107. 

September
 2015: The Church History Museum, operated by The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, installed 22 exhibit cases containing
 VariGuard SmartGlass panels to protect light sensitive documents and artifacts. VariGuard panels provide a better viewing experience
 (by allowing substantially higher gallery illumination levels), while simultaneously reducing damaging visible light-exposure to
 artifacts. 

August
 2015: The Smithsonian s National Postal Museum selected VariGuard SmartGlass panels to protect the 1856 British Guiana One
 Cent Magenta, the world s most famous rare postage stamp. 

May
 2015: VariGuard SmartGlass exhibited its products at the American Institute for Conservation of Historic and Artistic Works AIC 43rd annual meeting in Miami, FL. Seth Van Voorhees, President of the VariGuard SmartGlass business unit commented: Our display
 panels offer the highest level of protection against UV and visible light damage in the industry and they are being used in cases,
 frames and wall cases to protect various light sensitive artifacts in museums internationally. Reinforcing the benefits of VariGuard
 panels and how they limit light exposure, the Smithsonian National Postal Museum presented a paper at this meeting entitled (Year
 of Light) Lighten Up: Enhancing Visitor Experiences, which will discuss the positive impact that VariGuard panels have in
 protecting valuable artifacts and enhancing the visitor experience. 

24 

January
 2015: VariGuard SmartGlass exhibited its display panels at a Washington Conservation Guild meeting focused on innovative new conservation
 technologies at the Smithsonian Institution s S. Dillon Ripley Center in Washington, DC. 

November
 2014: VariGuard SmartGlass was invited to present at a meeting of the Washington Conservation Guild which was entitled: Outsmarting
 Light: SmartGlass Technology in Exhibitions . At this meeting, results of the light conservation benefits of its light control
 panels at the National Postal Museum were reported. This study quantified the dramatic reduction (>86 in light exposure that
 artifacts experienced in cases using VariGuard SmartGlass display panels versus traditional glass display panels. 

June
 2014: VariGuard SmartGlass business unit announced that the Smithsonian s National Postal Museum will use VariGuard SmartGlass
 panels based on SPD-SmartGlass technology at the Behind the Badge exhibition in Washington, DC. This exhibit showcases
 the work of one of the nation s oldest federal law enforcement agencies and VariGuard panels are featured in display cases
 that showcase historic light-sensitive artifacts. 

January
 2014: VariGuard SmartGlass announced that Omega Moulding will distribute its patented light control SmartGlass products for frames
 and display cases in the United States and Canada. That month Omega Moulding showcased the benefits of VariGuard SmartGlass products
 at the 15th Annual West Coast Art and Frame Expo and National Conference in Las Vegas, NV. 

May
 2013: VariGuard SmartGlass featured its panels in several framing applications at Museum Expo 2013 at the Baltimore Convention Center
 in Baltimore, MD. 

On
March 14, 2019, the Company suspended its VariGuard SmartGlass business unit activities. Instead, the Company licensed a new entity to
pursue the business opportunities previously pursued by the Company s VariGuard SmartGlass business unit. This new licensee continues
to use the VariGuard SmartGlass name. The non-exclusive license grants this new licensee the right to manufacture and sell: (i) SPD-SmartGlass
products used in panels, frames, cases, wall cases, appliances or other similar products to protect light-sensitive documents, artwork
or other objects, (ii) SPD-SmartGlass products used in panels, frames, cases, wall cases, appliances or other similar products to provide
 hide and reveal functionality, and (iii) SPD-SmartGlass products used in a medical device to provide control and management
of visible light. 

More
information about VariGuard SmartGlass can be found on its independent website at www.VariGuard.com. 

Marketing
Activities and Licensee Support: 

In
addition to supporting the efforts of its licensees, the Company also recognizes the need to develop the SPD industry as a whole. As
such, the Company continues to plan and execute complementary programs that build awareness and interest in smart glass generally and
demand for SPD-Smart products specifically. In the last several years, these programs included presentations at various general industry
conferences, participation in panel presentations and discussions hosted by academia, development of trade association educational materials,
and presentations to architects, designers, and other influential specifiers. 

In
January 2020, the Company and Gauzy presented at the CES in Las Vegas the benefits of SPD-SmartGlass for the automotive, architectural
and consumer electronics industries. Some examples on display were automotive sunroofs that could be controlled electronically with a
variety of control systems including smart speakers, high definition and projection displays. The use of SPD-SmartGlass technology enhances
the clarity and vibrancy of displayed images, and when used to control the tint of automotive windows, sunroofs and sun visors, reduces
heat, light or glare on demand or automatically. This can increase the driving range of electric vehicles by up to 5.5 and reduce CO2
emissions by up to four grams per kilometer and reduce air conditioner compressor sizes by 40 . 

25 

In
February 2019, Research Frontiers and its licensee Gauzy rang the opening bell at the Nasdaq Market Site in Times Square to announce
Gauzy s new SPD-Smart light control film factory in Stuttgart, Germany. In early December 2019, Research Frontiers, Gauzy and executives
from the automotive and architectural smart glass industries, invited guests and government officials, celebrated the opening of Gauzy s
new state-of-the-art production facility in Stuttgart, Germany. In May 2019, Research Frontiers presented the benefits of SPD-SmartGlass
to the Automotive Industry at the 5th International CTI Automotive Glazing USA conference in Novi, Michigan. In March 2019, the Company
presented the benefits of SPD-SmartGlass to the Automotive Industry at the Automotive Glazing Summit in Berlin, Germany. Both of these
presentations focused on a real-world analysis of the use, benefits and reliability of SPD-SmartGlass in automotive and other glazings.
SPD-SmartGlass technology, which allows users to instantly vary the tint of glass or plastic, is currently being used in the automotive,
aircraft, marine, architectural, museum and consumer electronics industries. 

In
2018, the Company was invited to speak at the 12th International CTI Conference Automotive Glazing Europe and at the 3rd Annual
2018 Disruptive Growth Healthcare Conference on the subject of disruptive automotive technologies. In 2017 and 2016, the Company
participated in clean tech, emerging growth and automotive glass conferences in Europe, and during 2016 the Company presented at the
Autonomous Vehicle Interior Design Technology Symposium in Novi, Michigan and was the keynote speaker, and event chairman, at the
annual CTI Automotive Glazing USA Conference in Rochester, Michigan. 

The
Company s market development department has a number of other initiatives in place. To help guide and prioritize its technical
and marketing investments, the Company periodically retains outside strategic marketing and other consultants to help generate increased
short- and medium-term market penetrations for each of the major markets for the Company s light-control technology, and to provide
support and guidance to the Company s licensees worldwide. 

The
Company has emerged as a leading resource for market research information on the subject of smart glass. Research Frontiers lectures
and presents at industry conferences in areas of energy efficiency, daylight harvesting and sustainability. The Company has published
independent test data about SPD-SmartGlass, shared the results of its research studies and test data with industry and the media, posted
various reference materials to the Company s website for global dissemination, and published presentations, data and bylined articles. 

Research
Frontiers maintains an active role with various standards-setting organizations, including ASTM International, which has an active committee
developing standards for smartglass. 

In
addition to Research Frontiers providing overarching support of licensees sales efforts by developing the SPD industry as a whole,
leveraging its prominence as a leading resource on the topic of smart glass, and maintaining an active role with standards organizations,
Research Frontiers also supports licensees marketing and sales efforts directly. Activities include advising and assisting with
branding strategies and advertising campaigns, website development and other marketing materials, joint presentations to prospective
customers, and additional support. As a focal point of interest in smart glass, resulting in many consumer and business inquiries, Research
Frontiers has an active referral program to generate customer leads for its licensees. 

As
part of this mission to develop the industry and to support our licensees acquiring SPD projects, Research Frontiers completed
the construction of the SPD-SmartGlass Design Center. This Center is also configured as an interactive and energy-efficient smart 
executive office and conference room and is located at the Company s corporate headquarters in Woodbury, New York. The SPD-SmartGlass
Design Center features leading-edge SPD-Smart windows of different sizes (some floor-to-ceiling) and framing materials. It has a multi-functional
electronic controller system for manual, remote, and automatic SPD-SmartGlass switching, and windows that can be controlled remotely
over the internet or using a smart phone. This interactive area also contains other types of smart glass, such as those using liquid
crystal and electrochromic technologies, allowing users to operate and experience first-hand the differences in performance characteristics
of different types of smart glass. Additional showcases of SPD-SmartGlass are being established in other geographic locations to make
it convenient for even more people to experience the benefits of SPD-SmartGlass technology. 

Research
Frontiers Design Center is the only known public forum where designers, specifiers and end-users can compare performance between
SPD-Smart technology and products using other light-control technologies. Research Frontiers believes that the growth of the smart glass
industry will accelerate as more information is made available through direct comparisons. Research Frontiers believes that SPD products
will be strongly preferred over competing technologies once a direct comparison is available to potential buyers. Research Frontiers
continues to encourage its competitors to participate in public forums where consumers of electronically tintable products can see the
relative performance of products that are available. 

26 

Licensees
of Research Frontiers: 

The
Company s licensees are currently categorized into four main areas: materials for making films (emulsions), film, lamination of
film to glass or plastic, and end-products. Emulsion makers produce and combine the necessary materials (i.e. SPD particles and various
liquids and special polymers) from which SPD-Smart films are made. The film makers coat a thin layer of emulsion between two sheets of
plastic film, each of which has a transparent conductive coating. This emulsion is then partly solidified to form an SPD film that allows
users to control the amount of light, glare and heat passing through this film. The end-product licensees then integrate this film into
a variety of SPD-Smart products or make electronic systems to control such SPD-Smart products. Some of these end-product licensees do
their own lamination of the SPD light-control film to glass or plastic, and some outsource this lamination to other companies. The names
of Research Frontiers licensees, and the year that their license agreements were entered into, are available on the Company s
SmartGlass.com website and with its filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Licensees
of Research Frontiers that incorporate SPD technology into end-products will pay Research Frontiers a royalty of 5-15 of net sales of
licensed products under license agreements currently in effect and may also be required to pay Research Frontiers fees and minimum annual
royalties. Licensees that sell components (such as SPD emulsion or film) or lamination services to other licensees of Research Frontiers
do not pay a royalty on such sale or service, and Research Frontiers will collect a royalty from the licensee incorporating these components
into their own SPD-Smart end-products. Research Frontiers license agreements typically allow the licensee to terminate the license
after some period of time and give Research Frontiers only limited rights to terminate before the license expires. The current licensees
of Research Frontiers are listed on the Company s website, and licenses granted by the Company are non-exclusive and generally
last as long as Research Frontiers patents remain in effect. Due to their bankruptcy filings or other termination of their general
business activities or for other reasons, the Company does not believe that Polaroid Corporation, Kerros Limited, ThermoView Industries,
BRG Group, MDV, Hanamac, SPD Technologies, SPD Systems, and Film Technologies International are pursuing business activities with respect
to SPD technology. The Company and SPD Control Systems agreed to terminate their license agreement in December 2014 which resulted in
a grant back to Research Frontiers of certain rights in SPD Control Systems intellectual property. Some of the Company s
other licensees are currently inactive with respect to SPD technology, but may hereafter become active again. To date, the Company has
not generated sufficient revenue from its licensees to profitably fund its operations other than a profit reported for the third quarter
of 2021. 

The
Company plans to continue to exploit its SPD-Smart light-control technology by entering into additional license and other agreements
with end-product manufacturers such as manufacturers of flat glass, flat panel displays and automotive products, and with other interested
companies who may wish to acquire rights to manufacture and sell the Company s proprietary emulsions and films. Although the Company
believes based upon the status of current negotiations that additional license agreements with third parties will be entered into, there
can be no assurance that any such additional license agreements will be consummated, or of the extent to which any current or future
licensee of the Company will produce or sell commercial products using the Company s technology or generate meaningful revenue
from sales of such licensed products. 

The
Company s plans also call for further development of its technology and the provision of additional technological and marketing
assistance to its licensees to develop commercially viable SPD-Smart products and expand the markets for such products. The Company cannot
predict when or if new license agreements will be entered into or the extent to which commercial products will result from its existing
or future licensees because of general economic conditions and the risks inherent in the developmental process and because commercialization
is dependent upon the efforts of its licensees as well as on the continuing research and development efforts of the Company. 

In
February 2022, Research Frontiers, and its licensee and strategic investor Gauzy Ltd. announced that, following successfully raising
 60 million in a Series D financing, Gauzy has acquired Research Frontiers licensee, Vision Systems. With the consolidation of the two
companies, the combined entity now has international subsidiaries on six continents, product availability through direct fulfillment
and a distribution channel of over 70 certified industrial partners, five dedicated manufacturing sites, 14 global offices. The combined
entity reports revenues of approximately 50 million in 2021, and holding over 60 patents, offering 20 unique product categories, and
employing 480 people globally serving customers in over 50 countries. 

Competitive
Technologies: 

The
Company believes that SPD light-control technology, in which particles move under the influence of an electric field, has certain performance
advantages over other smart glass technologies. 

27 

The
Company believes that pricing and product performance are the two main factors critical to the adoption of smart glass products. Because
the non-SPD smart glass technologies listed below do not have published, consistent pricing or cost data that can be relied upon, the
Company cannot accurately report its price position relative to these other technologies. In terms of product performance, the Company
believes that SPD-SmartGlass technology offers numerous advantages over other smart glass technologies as discussed below. 

Variable
light transmission technologies can be classified into two basic types: active technologies that can be controlled electrically
by the user either automatically or manually, and passive technologies that can only react to ambient environmental conditions
such as changes in lighting or temperature. One type of passive variable light transmission technology is photochromic technology; such
devices change their level of transparency in reaction to external ultra-violet radiation. As compared to photochromic technology, the
Company s SPD technology permits the user to adjust the amount of light passing through the viewing area of the device, rather
than the viewing area of the photochromic device merely reacting to external radiation without control by the user. In addition, the
reaction time necessary to change from light to dark with SPD-Smart technology can be almost instantaneous, as compared to the much slower
reaction time for photochromic devices. Also, unlike SPD technology, photochromic technology does not function well at the high and low
ends of the temperature range in which smart windows and other devices are normally expected to operate, nor does photochromic technology
perform well in vehicles or other enclosed settings where existing glass is blocking incoming ultra-violet light which is required for
photochromic devices to operate. 

Similarly,
thermochromic smart windows are passive systems which change their light transmission properties as sunlight heats or cools the glass.
Because the light transmission properties of thermochromic systems are not controlled by the user, their ability to adapt to the specific
needs of occupants is very limited. For example, thermochromic glazings will remain tinted on hot days even when occupants desire more
daylight to enter the building or when they want to preserve their views. SPD-Smart windows, which require very low amounts of power
to operate, allow for much greater control of incoming light, glare and heat and can be adjusted to any level of light transmission from
dark to clear at any time. In addition, SPD-Smart windows can block up to 99.5 of incoming light, a level many times darker than thermochromic
systems. The added advantage offers much higher levels of privacy and control over incoming solar energy. Companies involved in thermochromic
technology include Pleotint, Suntek and Ravenbrick. 

Active,
user-controllable technologies, sometimes referred to as smart technologies, are generally more useful than passive technologies
because they allow the user to actually control the state of the window. This control is achieved with a manual adjustment, or automatically
when coupled with a timer or sensing device such as a photocell, motion detector, thermostat or other intelligent building system. 

There
are three main types of active devices which are compared below: 

Electrochromic
 devices (EC) 

Liquid
 crystal devices (LC) 

Suspended-particle
 devices (SPD) 

Electrochromic
Technology: 

Electrochromic
windows and rear-view mirrors use a direct current voltage to alter the molecular structure of electrochromic materials (which can be
in the form of either a liquid, gel or solid film) causing the material to darken. When compared to electrochromic devices, SPD technology
is expected to have numerous potential performance and manufacturing advantages, including some or all of the following: 

significantly
 faster response time, especially compared to larger electrochromic glazings 

ability
 to precisely tune an infinite number of intermediate light-transmission states 

consistent
 and uniform switching speed regardless of size of glazing area 

more
 reliable performance over a wider temperature range 

higher
 contrast ratios and the capability of achieving darker shaded states for large area product applications 

28 

unpowered
 state is dark, maximizing solar heat gain benefits when the room, office or vehicle is not in use 

lower
 electrical current drain 

higher
 estimated battery life in applications where batteries are used 

no
 iris effect (where light transmission changes first occur at the outer edges of a window or mirror and then work their
 way toward the center) when changing from clear to dark and back again 

SPD
 technology is a film-based technology that can be applied to plastic, acrylic, and chemically strengthened glass as well as glass,
 and which can be applied to curved as well as flat surfaces 

available
 in single panels for retrofitting existing windows, skylights and doors 

Many
companies with substantially greater resources than Research Frontiers such as 3M, Gentex Corp., Pilkington, PPG Industries, Saint-Gobain
and other large corporations have pursued or are pursuing projects in the electrochromic area. While some of these companies have reportedly
discontinued or substantially curtailed their work on electrochromics due to technical problems and issues relating to the expense of
these technologies, at least four companies (Gentex, PPG Industries, View (formerly known as Soladigm), and Sage Electrochromics) are
currently working to commercialize electrochromic window products. In May 2012, Saint-Gobain acquired Sage Electrochromics and combined
all of their respective electrochromic manufacturing and developmental efforts. In late 2020, View announced that it was trying to become
a public company by merging with a Special Purpose Acquisition Company SPAC CF Finance Acquisition Corp. II (Nasdaq:
CFII). 

Liquid
Crystal Technology: 

To
date, the main types of liquid crystal smart windows have been produced by Taliq Corp. (a subsidiary of Raychem Corp. which has since
discontinued its liquid crystal operations and licensed its technology to others), Asahi Glass Co., Gauzy, Nippon Sheet Glass, Saint-Gobain
Glass, iGlass Projects Pty Limited, Polytronix, Inc., DMDisplays, and 3M (which has also reportedly discontinued its liquid crystal film
making operations). The first four companies listed above are also licensees of Research Frontiers for SPD-Smart technology. Liquid crystal
windows only change from a cloudy, opaque milky-white to a clear state, are hazy when viewed at an angle and have no useful intermediate
states. As compared to liquid crystal windows, SPD smart windows are expected to have some or all of the following advantages: 

have
 less direct and off-angle haze 

in
 its intermediate tinted states provides shading without loss of view 

operates
 over a wider temperature range 

uses
 less power 

higher
 contrast ratios 

reduction
 in the amount of light transmitted rather than simply scatter it 

permits
 an infinite number of intermediate states between a transparent state and a dark blue state, rather than typically just two states

offers
 superior solar heat gain control 

29 

In
the flat panel display market, further development (such as the achievement of faster switching speeds sufficient for full-motion video
applications) is required if the Company expects to compete against display technologies that are currently being used commercially such
as liquid crystal displays LCDs and organic light-emitting diodes OLEDs ). Some of the advantages that
SPD displays might have include the ability to make displays without using sheet polarizers or alignment layers, and lower light loss
and a corresponding reduction in backlighting requirements. However, such products need additional product design, engineering or testing
before an evaluation of the commercial potential of such SPD-SmartGlass products can be determined and when, or if, its licensees may
begin to penetrate the flat panel display market. 

LCDs
and other types of displays, liquid crystal windows, as well as electrochromic self-dimmable rear-view mirrors, are already on the market,
whereas products incorporating SPD technology (as well as electrochromic windows) have only begun to appear in the marketplace. Therefore,
the long-term durability and performance of SPD-Smart displays have not yet been fully ascertained. The companies that manufacture LCD
and other display devices, liquid crystal windows, and electrochromic self-dimmable rear-view mirrors and windows, have substantially
greater financial resources and manufacturing experience than the Company. There is no assurance that comparable systems having the same
advantages of the Company s SPD technology could not be developed by competitors at a lower cost or that other products could not
be developed which would render the Company s products difficult to market or otherwise render our products obsolete. 

Research
and Development: 

As
a result of the Company s research and development efforts, the Company believes that its SPD technology is now, or with additional
development will become, usable in a number of commercial products. Such products may include one or more of the following fields: smart 
windows, doors, skylights and partitions; variable light transmission eyewear such as sunglasses and goggles; self-dimmable automotive
sunroofs, windows, sun visors, and mirrors; display cases/frames; and instruments and other information displays that use digits, letters,
graphic images, or other symbols to supply information, including scientific instruments, aviation instruments, automobile dashboard
displays and, if certain improvements can be made in various features of the Company s SPD technology that increases switching
speed to the levels needed for video applications, portable computer displays and flat panel television displays. 

Even
though the Company s SPD technology has much faster switching speeds than electrochromic technology, current switching speeds are
not fast enough for such video applications. The Company believes that most of its research and development efforts have applicability
to products that may incorporate the Company s technology. At its current state of development, the Company s technology
has been judged sufficiently advanced by various of its licensees and their customers for them to proceed with the development, introduction
and sale of SPD-Smart products. However, the Company is continuously investing in research and development because it believes that further
improvements will result in accelerated and increased market penetration. The Company intends to continue its research and development
efforts for the foreseeable future to improve its SPD light-control technology and thereby assist our licensees in the product development,
sales and marketing of various existing and new SPD-Smart products. 

During
the past few years, the Company and/or its licensees have made significant advances relating to materials to enable (1) improved stability
of SPD emulsions, (2) a wider range of light transmission, (3) improved film adhesion and cohesion and (4) increased durability of SPD
films/laminates, and (5) cost reductions. These advances have resulted in patents being issued to the Company by the US Patent Office
and by foreign patent offices between 2018-2022 in addition to other patents and patent applications that are pending worldwide. 

The
Company has devoted most of the resources it has heretofore expended to research and development activities with the goal of producing
commercially viable SPD products and has developed working prototypes of SPD-Smart products for several different applications, with
primary emphasis on smart windows for various industries. In addition to working with the Company s licensees, Research Frontiers
has also expanded its efforts to also work directly with some of our licensees major customers. 

30 

Research
Frontiers main goals in its research and development include: 

developing
 wider ranges of light transmission and quicker switching speeds 

developing
 different colored particles 

reducing
 the voltage required to operate SPDs 

obtaining
 data and developing improved materials regarding environmental stability and longevity 

quantifying
 the degree of energy savings expected by users of the Company s technology including the degree that SPD technology can control
 heat and its contribution to energy savings directly and through daylight harvesting strategies in sustainable building designs 

continually
 striving to improve the performance and reducing material/production costs associated with making SPD-Smart products 

Excluding
non-cash expenses of approximately 16,000 and 10,000, associated with the grant of stock options to the Company s technical personnel,
Research Frontiers incurred approximately 593,000 and 570,000 during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, for
research and development costs. Research Frontiers plans to engage in substantial continuing research and development activities to invest
in future improvements in SPD light-control technology and to expand for its licensees the capabilities of SPD-Smart technology and the
markets for SPD-Smart products. 

Patents
and Proprietary Information: 

Research
Frontiers continues to make substantial investments to develop, license and protect its intellectual property position. The Company has
14 United States and several hundred foreign patents in force. The Company s United States patents expire at various dates from
2023 through 2037, while its foreign patents expire at various dates from 2023 through 2037. 

The
Company has current US and foreign patent applications that, if granted, would add a number of additional patents to its portfolio. The
Company believes that its SPD light-control technology is adequately protected by its patent position and by its proprietary technological
know-how. However, the validity of the Company s patents has never been contested in any litigation. The Company also possesses
know-how and relies on trade secrets and nondisclosure agreements to protect its technology. The Company generally requires any employee,
consultant, or licensee having access to its confidential information to execute an agreement whereby such person agrees to keep such
information confidential. 

Rights
Plan: 

In
February 2013, the Company s Board of Directors adopted a Stockholders Rights Plan (the Rights Plan and declared
a dividend distribution of one right (a Right for each outstanding share of Company common stock to stockholders of record
at the close of business on March 3, 2003 Record Time and authorized the issuance of one Right in respect of each share
of Common Stock issued after the Record Time and prior to the Separation Time. The Rights Plan was readopted and extended in December
2022 until February 11, 2033. 

Separation
Time shall mean the earlier of the Close of Business on the tenth Business Day (or such later date as the Board of Directors may
from time to time fix by resolution adopted prior to the Separation Time that otherwise would have occurred) following but not including
(i) the date on which any Person commences a tender or exchange offer that, if consummated, would result in such Person s becoming
an Acquiring Person, and (ii) the date of the first event causing a Flip-in Date to occur; provided that if any tender or exchange offer
referred to in clause (i) of this paragraph is cancelled, terminated or otherwise withdrawn prior to the Separation Time without the
purchase of any shares of Common Stock pursuant thereto, such offer shall be deemed, for purposes of this paragraph, never to have been
made. 

Subject
to certain exceptions listed in the Rights Plan, if a person or group has acquired beneficial ownership of, or commences a tender or
exchange offer for, 15 or more of the Company s common stock, unless redeemed by the Company s Board of Directors, each
Right entitles the holder (other than the acquiring person) to purchase from the Company 80 worth of common stock for 40. If the Company
is merged into, or 50 or more of its assets or earning power is sold to, the acquiring company, the Rights will also enable the holder
(other than the acquiring person) to purchase 80 worth of common stock of the acquiring company for 40. During 2022, the Company extended
the expiration of The Rights which will now expire at the close of business on February 11, 2033, unless the Rights Plan is extended
by the Company s Board of Directors or unless the Rights are earlier redeemed by the Company at a price of .0001 per Right. The
Rights are not exercisable during the time when they are redeemable by the Company. 

31 

The
above description highlights some of the features of the Company s Rights Plan and is not a complete description of the Rights
Plan. A more detailed description and copy of the Rights Plan has been filed with the SEC and is available from the Company upon request. 

Available
Information: 

Our
principal executive offices are located at 240 Crossways Park Drive, Woodbury, New York 11797, our telephone number is (516) 364-1902,
and our Internet website address is www.SmartGlass.com. We make available free of charge on or through our Internet website our annual
report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, proxy statements on Schedule 14A, and amendments to
those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as soon as reasonably practicable
after we electronically file such materials with, or furnish them to, the SEC. 

ITEM
 1A. 
 RISK
 FACTORS 

In
addition to the other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, you should carefully consider the following factors in evaluating
us and our business. This Annual Report contains, in addition to historical information, forward-looking statements that involve risks
and uncertainties, some of which are beyond our control. Should one or more of these risks and uncertainties materialize or should underlying
assumptions prove incorrect, our actual results could differ materially. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include,
but are not limited to, those discussed below, as well as those discussed elsewhere in this Annual Report, including the documents incorporated
by reference. 

There
are risks associated with investing in companies such as ours who are primarily engaged in research and development. In addition to risks
which could apply to any company or business, you should also consider the business we are in and the following: 

Source
and Need for Capital. 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 4.2 million in cash and cash equivalents. 

As
we take steps in the commercialization and marketing of our technology or respond to potential opportunities and/or adverse events, our
working capital needs may change. We anticipate that if our cash and cash equivalents are insufficient to satisfy our liquidity requirements,
we will require additional funding to sustain our ongoing operations and to continue our SPD technology research and development activities. 

We
have funded most of our activities through sales of our common stock to investors, and upon the exercise of options and warrants. The
eventual success of the Company and generation of positive cash flow will be dependent upon the extent of commercialization of products
using the Company s technology by the Company s licensees and payments of continuing royalties on account thereof. We can
give no assurances that we will generate sufficient cash in the future (through sales of our common stock, exercise of options and warrants,
royalty fees, or otherwise) to satisfy our liquidity requirements or sustain future operations, or that additional funding, if required,
will be available when needed or, if available, on favorable terms. 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company had cash and cash equivalents of approximately 4.2 million, working capital of 4.6 million and total
shareholders equity of 4.8 million. Our quarterly projected cash flow shortfall, based on our current operations, adjusted for
any non-recurring cash expenses and adjusted for additional royalties expected to be received for use of our products in new production,
for the next 12 months, is approximately 200,000 per quarter. We may eliminate some operating expenses in the future, which will further
reduce our cash flow shortfall if needed. Based on these assumptions, we currently expect to have sufficient working capital for more
than the next 5 years of operations. 

32 

History
of Operating Losses. 

We
have experienced net losses from operations, and we may continue to incur net losses from operations in the future. We have incurred
substantial costs and expenses in researching and developing our SPD technology. As of December 31, 2022, we had an accumulated deficit
of 122.4 million since our inception. Our net loss was 2.7 million in 2022 and 1.8 million in 2021, (which includes non-cash accounting
charges in 2022 and 2021 of 0.2 million and 0.2 million, respectively, resulting from the expensing of grants of stock options). 

We
may not generate sufficient cash flows to cover our operating expenses. 

As
noted above, we have incurred recurring losses since inception and expect to continue to incur losses as a result of costs and expenses
related to our research and continued development of our SPD technology and our corporate general and administrative expenses. Our limited
capital resources and operations to date have been substantially funded through sales of our common stock, exercise of options and warrants
and royalty fees collected. As of December 31, 2022, we had working capital of approximately 4.6 million, cash and cash equivalents
of approximately 4.2 million, shareholders equity of approximately 4.8 million and an accumulated deficit of 122.4 million.
In the event that we are unable to generate sufficient cash from our operating activities or raise additional funds, we may be required
to delay, reduce or severely curtail our operations or otherwise impede our on-going business efforts, which could have a material adverse
effect on our business, operating results, financial condition and long-term prospects. 

We
have never declared a cash dividend and do not intend to declare a cash dividend in the foreseeable future. 

We
have never declared or paid cash dividends on our common stock. Payment of dividends on our common stock is within the discretion of
our Board of Directors and will depend upon our future earnings, capital requirements, financial condition and other relevant factors.
We do not anticipate declaring or paying any cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. 

We
do not directly manufacture products using SPD technology. We currently depend upon the activities of our licensees and their customers
in order to be profitable. 

We
do not directly manufacture products using SPD technology. We currently depend upon the activities of our licensees in order to be profitable.
Although a variety of products have been sold by our licensees, and because it is up to our licensees to decide when and if they will
introduce products using SPD technology, we cannot predict when and if our licensees will generate substantial sales of such products.
Our SPD technology is currently licensed to over 40 companies. Other companies are also evaluating SPD technology for use in various
products. In the past, some companies have evaluated our technology without proceeding further. While we expect that our licensees would
be primarily responsible for manufacturing and marketing SPD-Smart products and components, we are also engaging in market development
activities to support our licensees and build the smart glass industry. We cannot control whether or not our licensees will develop SPD
products. Some of our licensees appear to be more active than others, some appear to be better capitalized than others, and some licensees
appear to be inactive. There is no guarantee when or if our licensees will successfully produce any commercial product using SPD technology
in sufficient quantities to make the Company profitable. 

SPD-Smart
products have only recently been introduced. 

Products
using SPD technology have only recently begun to be introduced into the marketplace. Developing products using new technologies can be
risky because problems, expenses and delays frequently occur, and costs may or may not come down quickly enough for such products using
new technologies to rapidly penetrate mass market applications. 

We
have several large licensees that account for 10 or more of our annual fee income. 

During
2022, four licensees accounted for 28 , 23 , 13 and 11 , respectively, of fee income recognized for the year. During 2021, four licensees
accounted for 20 , 18 , 18 and 12 , respectively, of fee income recognized for the year. The loss of all or a substantial portion of
the fee income from any of these customers (or certain other significant customers) could have a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition, and/or results of operations. 

33 

SPD-Smart
products face intense competition, which could affect our ability to increase our revenues. 

The
market for SPD-Smart products is intensely competitive and we expect competition to increase in the future. We compete based on the functionality
and the quality of our product. Many of our current and potential competitors have significantly greater financial, technical, marketing
and other resources than we have. In addition, many of our competitors have well-established relationships with our current and potential
customers and have extensive knowledge of our industry. If our competitors develop new technologies or new products, improve the functionality
or quality of their current products, or reduce their prices, and if we are unable to respond to such competitive developments quickly
either because our research and development efforts do not keep pace with our competitors or because of our lack of financial resources,
we may be unable to compete effectively. 

Declining
production of automobiles, airplanes, trains, boats and real estate could harm our business. 

Our
licensees commercialization efforts of SPD-Smart products could be negatively impacted if the global production of automobiles,
airplanes, trains, boats and real estate construction declines significantly. If such commercialization is reduced, our revenues, results
of operations and financial condition could be negatively impacted. 

Limited
source of SPD film. 

Our
end-product licensees require a source of SPD film to manufacture finished products. Currently, Hitachi Chemical and Gauzy Ltd. are the
only sources of commercial quantities of SPD-film. There are several other companies that are licensed to manufacture SPD-film, but they
have not begun commercial production of this film. Our end-product licensees ability to sell SPD products could be negatively
impacted if there was a prolonged disruption in SPD-film availability. Such a disruption could also negatively impact our revenues, results
of operations and financial condition. 

We
are dependent on key personnel. 

Our
continued success will depend, to a significant extent, on the services of our directors, executive management team, key personnel and
certain key scientists. If one or more of these individuals were to leave the Company, there is no guarantee that we could replace them
with qualified individuals in a timely or economically satisfactory manner or at all. The loss or unavailability of any or all of these
individuals could harm our ability to execute our business plan, maintain important business relationships and complete certain product
development initiatives, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial conditions. 

Dependence
on SPD-Smart technology. 

Because
SPD technology is the only technology we work with, our success depends upon the viability of SPD technology which has yet to be fully
proven. We have not fully ascertained the performance and long-term reliability of our technology, and therefore there is no guarantee
that our technology will successfully be incorporated into all of the products which we are targeting for use of SPD technology. We expect
that different product applications for SPD technology will have different performance and reliability specifications. We expect that
our licensees will primarily be responsible for reliability testing, but that we may also continue to do reliability testing so that
we can more effectively focus our research and development efforts towards constantly improving the performance characteristics and reliability
of products using SPD technology. 

Our
patents and other protective measures may not adequately protect our proprietary intellectual property, and we may be infringing on the
rights of others. 

Our
intellectual property, particularly our proprietary rights in our SPD technology, is critical to our success. We have received various
patents, and filed other patent applications, for various applications and aspects of our SPD technology. In addition, we generally enter
into confidentiality and invention agreements with our employees and consultants. Such patents and agreements and various other measures
we take to protect our intellectual property from use by others may not be effective for various reasons generally applicable to patents
and their granting and enforcement. In addition, the costs associated with enforcing patents, confidentiality and invention agreements
or other intellectual property rights may be expensive. Our inability to protect our proprietary intellectual property rights or gain
a competitive advantage from such rights could harm our ability to generate revenues and, as a result, our business and operations. 

If
we fail to maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting, the accuracy and timing of our financial reporting
may be adversely affected. 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting designed to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles. Our management is likewise required, on a quarterly basis, to evaluate the effectiveness
of our internal controls and to disclose any changes and material weaknesses identified through such evaluation of those internal controls.
A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there
is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected
on a timely basis. 

If
we identify material weaknesses or significant deficiencies in our internal controls or disclosure controls, we may be unable to provide
required financial information in a timely and reliable manner and we may incorrectly report financial information. If our financial
statements are not filed on a timely basis, we could be subject to adverse action by shareholders, Nasdaq, the SEC or other regulatory
authorities. The existence of material weaknesses or significant deficiencies in internal control over financial reporting could adversely
affect our reputation or investor perceptions of us, which could have a negative effect on the trading price of our stock. In addition,
we may incur additional costs to remediate material weaknesses or significant deficiencies in our internal control over financial reporting. 

We
cannot assure you that a material weakness will not arise in the future due to a failure to implement and maintain adequate internal
control over financial reporting. In addition, even if we are successful in strengthening our controls and procedures, in the future
those controls and procedures may not be adequate to prevent or identify irregularities or errors or to facilitate the fair presentation
of our financial statements. 

34 

ITEM
 1B. 
 UNRESOLVED
 STAFF COMMENTS 

None 

ITEM
 2. 
 PROPERTIES 

The
Company currently occupies approximately 9,500 square feet of space at an annual rent which, in 2022 was approximately 183,000, for
its executive office, research facility and SPD-Smart Glass Design Center at 240 Crossways Park Drive, Woodbury, New York 11797 under
a lease expiring March 31, 2025. The Company believes that its space, including its laboratory facilities, is adequate for its present
needs. 

ITEM
 3. 
 LEGAL
 PROCEEDINGS 

There
are no legal proceedings pending by or against the Company required to be reported under this Item 3. 

ITEM
 4. 
 MINE
 SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

N/A 

PART
II 

ITEM
 5. 
 MARKET
 FOR THE REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

(a)
Market Information 

(1) 
 The
 Company s common stock is traded on the NASDAQ Capital Market under the symbol REFR . As of March 8, 2023, there
 were 33,509,287 shares of common stock outstanding. 

(2) 
 The
 following table sets forth the range of the high and low selling prices (as provided by the National Association of Securities Dealers)
 of the Company s common stock for each quarterly period within the past two fiscal years: 

Quarter Ended 
 Low 
 High 

March 31, 2021 
 2.65 
 5.66 
 
 June 30, 2021 
 2.01 
 3.15 
 
 September 30, 2021 
 1.76 
 3.18 
 
 December 31, 2021 
 1.65 
 2.63 

March 31, 2022 
 1.34 
 2.45 
 
 June 30, 2022 
 1.51 
 2.29 
 
 September 30, 2022 
 1.55 
 2.85 
 
 December 31, 2022 
 1.83 
 2.53 

These
quotations may reflect inter-dealer prices, without retail mark-up, mark-down, or commission, and may not necessarily represent actual
transactions. 

35 

(b)
Approximate Number of Security Holders 

As of March 8, 2023, there were approximately 312 holders of record of the Company s common stock and the closing price of our common
stock was 1.80 per share. The Company estimates that there are approximately 7,100 beneficial holders of the Company s common stock. 

(c)
Dividends 

The
Company has not declared or paid cash dividends on its common stock for the two most recent fiscal years and does not expect to declare
or pay any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. There are no restrictions on the payment of dividends. 

(d)
Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

None. 

ITEM
 7. 
 MANAGEMENT S
 DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Forward-Looking
Statements 

Information
included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation
Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements are not statements of historical facts, but rather reflect our current expectations concerning
future events and results. We generally use the words believes, expects, intends, plans, 
 anticipates, likely, will and similar expressions to identify forward-looking statements. Such
forward-looking statements, including those concerning our expectations, involve risks, uncertainties and other factors, some of which
are beyond our control, which may cause our actual results, performance or achievements, or industry results, to be materially different
from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. These risks, uncertainties
and factors include, but are not limited to, those factors set forth in this Annual Report on Form 10-K under Item 1A. 
Risk Factors above. Except as required by applicable law, including the securities laws of the United States, we undertake no
obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
You are cautioned not to unduly rely on such forward-looking statements when evaluating the information presented in this Annual Report
on Form 10-K . 

In
reviewing Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, you should refer to our consolidated
financial statements and the notes related thereto. 

Critical
Accounting Policies 

The
following accounting policies are important to understanding our financial condition and results of operations and should be read as
an integral part of the discussion and analysis of the results of our operations and financial position. For additional accounting policies,
see Note 2 to our Consolidated Financial Statements, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies. 

The
Company recognizes revenue in accordance with ASC 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers. The Company determined that its license
agreements provide for three performance obligations: (i) Grant of Use, (ii) Technical Support, and (iii) New Improvements. 

The
best method for determining the standalone selling price of our Grant of Use performance obligation is through a comparison of the average
royalty rate for comparable license agreements as compared to our license agreements. Based on the royalty rate comparison referred to
above, any pricing above and beyond the average royalty rate would relate to the Technical Support and New Improvements performance obligations. 

36 

We
recognize revenue when or as the performance obligations in the contract are satisfied. For performance obligations that are fulfilled
at a point in time, revenue is recognized at the fulfillment of the performance obligation. Since the IP is determined to be a functional
license, the value of the Grant of Use is recognized in the first period of the contract term in which the license agreement is in force.
Since the costs incurred to satisfy the Technical Support and New Improvements performance obligations are incurred evenly throughout
the year, the value of the Technical Support and New Improvements services are recognized throughout the contract period as these performance
obligations are satisfied. 

The
Company has entered into license agreements covering products using the Company s SPD technology. When royalties from the sales
of licensed products by a licensee exceed its contractual minimum annual royalties, the excess amount is recognized by the Company as
fee income in the period that it was earned. Certain of the fees are accrued by, or paid to, the Company in advance of the period in
which they are earned resulting in deferred revenue. 

Royalty
receivables are stated less allowance for doubtful accounts. The allowance represents estimated uncollectible receivables usually due
to licensees potential insolvency. The allowance includes amounts for certain licensees where risk of default has been specifically
identified. The Company evaluates the collectability of its receivables on at least a quarterly basis and records appropriate allowances
for uncollectible accounts when necessary. 

The
Company has historically used the Black-Scholes option-pricing model to determine the estimated fair value of each option grant. The
Black-Scholes model includes assumptions regarding dividend yields, expected volatility, expected lives, and risk-free interest rates.
These assumptions reflect our best estimates, but these items involve uncertainties based on market conditions generally outside of our
control. As a result, if other assumptions had been used in the current period, stock-based compensation expense could have been materially
impacted. Furthermore, if management uses different assumptions in future periods, stock-based compensation expense could be materially
impacted in future years. 

37 

On
occasion, the Company may issue to consultants either options or warrants to purchase shares of common stock of the Company at specified
share prices. These options or warrants may vest based upon specific services being performed or performance criteria being met. In accounting
for equity instruments that are issued to other than employees for acquiring, or in conjunction with selling, goods or services, the
Company is required to record consulting expenses based upon the fair value of such options or warrants on the earlier of the service
period or the period that such options or warrants vest as determined using a Black-Scholes option pricing model and are marked to market
quarterly using the Black-Scholes option valuation model. 

The
preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires
us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent liabilities
at the date of the financial statements, and reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. Actual results could
differ from these estimates. An example of a critical estimate is the full valuation allowance for deferred taxes that was recorded based
on the uncertainty that such tax benefits will be realized in future periods. 

Recent
Global Events 

On
March 11, 2020, the World Health Organization declared the novel strain of coronavirus COVID-19 a global pandemic and
recommended containment and mitigation measures worldwide. 

Revenues
were negatively impacted since 2020 due to delays in manufacture of products using our technology. Most of the products using our technology
are manufactured by licensees overseas in Europe and Asia who have been similarly affected by the pandemic. The disruption caused by
public health crises, such as COVID-19, could result in lower levels of sale activity for products using our technology resulting in
lower level of royalties owed to us from the sale of these products. The duration of the potential business disruptions and related financial
impact cannot be reasonably estimated at this time, but could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results
of operations, and cash flows. 

38 

Results
of Operations 

Overview 

The
majority of the Company s fee income comes from the activities of several licensees participating in the automotive market. The
Company currently believes that the automotive market will be the largest source of its royalty income over the next several years. The
Company s royalty income from this market may be influenced by numerous factors including various trends affecting demand in the
automotive industry and the rate of introduction of new technology in OEM product lines and the impact of COVID-19. In addition to these
macro factors, the Company s royalty income from the automotive market could also be influenced by specific factors such as whether
the Company s SPD-SmartGlass technology appears as standard equipment or as an option on a particular vehicle, the number of additional
vehicle models that SPD-SmartGlass appears on, the size of each window on a vehicle and the number of windows on a vehicle that use SPD-SmartGlass,
fluctuations in the total number of vehicles produced by a manufacturer, and in the percentage of cars within model like produced with
SPD-SmartGlass, and changes in pricing or exchange rates. Certain license fees, which are paid to the Company in advance of the accounting
period in which they are earned resulting in the recognition of deferred revenue for the current accounting period, which will be recognized
as fee income in future periods. Also, licensees offset some or all of their royalty payments on sales of licensed products for a given
period by applying these advance payments towards such earned royalty payments. 

In
2022 and 2021, the Company received royalty revenues from sales of SPD-SmartGlass products for various car models that were accretive
to the Company s royalty revenue. Production efficiencies are expected to continue and accelerate with the introduction of the
higher vehicle production volumes for various car models going forward, and the Company expects that lower pricing per square foot of
the Company s technology could expand the market opportunities, adoption rates, and revenues for its technology in automotive and
non-automotive applications. The Company expects to generate additional royalty income from the near-term introduction of additional
new car and aircraft models from other OEMs (original equipment manufacturers), continued growth of sales of products using the Company s
technology for the marine industry in yachts and other watercraft, in trains, in museums, and in larger architectural projects. 

Because
the Company s license agreements typically provide for the payment of royalties by a licensee on product sales within 45 days after
the end of the quarter in which a sale of a licensed product occurs (with some of the Company s more recent license agreements
providing for payments on a monthly basis), and because of the time period which typically will elapse between a customer order and the
sale of the licensed product and installation in a home, office building, automobile, aircraft, boat or any other product, there could
be a delay between when economic activity between a licensee and its customer occurs and when the Company gets paid its royalty resulting
from such activity. 

As
discussed in Note 1 to our Consolidated Financial Statements, the Company s financial results has been impacted by the COVID-19
pandemic. Most of the products using the Company s technology are manufactured by licensees overseas in Europe and Asia who have
been similarly affected by the pandemic. The disruption caused by COVID-19 could result in lower levels of sale activity for products
using our technology resulting in lower level of royalties owed to us from the sale of these products. The duration of the potential
business disruptions and related financial impact cannot be reasonably estimated at this time. 

Year
ended December 31, 2022 Compared to the Year ended December 31, 2021 

The
Company s fee income from licensing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 536,686 compared to 1,263,034 for
the year ended December 31, 2021. This decrease in fee income was the result of the timing of payments and new and amended license
agreements entered into in 2021 and was predominantly from one-time settlements from two licensees for royalty payments due, as well
as for a current special government contract in the automotive area. Without these one-time events, fee income in 2022 would have
been comparable to fee income in 2021. The Company expects revenue in all market segments to further increase as new
car models and other products using the Company s SPD-SmartGlass technology are introduced into the market. 

Operating
expenses increased by 33,840 for the year ended December 31, 2022 to 2,555,689 from 2,521,849 for the year ended December 31, 2021.
The increase is the result of higher bad debt expense 80,000) as well as higher payroll and related costs 80,000) and higher insurance
costs 13,000) partially offset by lower legal 80,000) and patent 57,000) costs. Operating expenses include non-cash charges for
options granted to employees and directors of 216,000 and 207,000 in 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Research
and development expenditures increased by 29,127 for the year ended December 31, 2022 to 609,127 from 580,000 for the year ended December
31, 2022. This increase was the result of higher allocated insurance costs 12,000) as well as higher payroll and related costs 10,000)
and higher allocated facility costs 3,000). Research and development costs include non-cash charges for options granted to employees
of 16,000 and 10,000 in 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

39 

The
Company s net investment loss for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 44,219 as compared to 7,537 for the year ended December
31, 2021. This difference was primarily due to changes in market interest rates and the sale of marketable securities to convert them
into cash and cash equivalents resulting in a loss. 

No
income tax benefit or expense was recorded for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

As
a consequence of the factors discussed above, the Company s net loss was 2,669,349 0.08 per common share) for the year ended
December 31, 2022 as compared to 1,846,352 0.06 per common share) for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Financial
Condition, Liquidity and Capital Resources 

The
Company has primarily utilized its cash, cash equivalents, marketable securities, and proceeds from sales of our common stock, proceeds
from the exercise of options and warrants, and royalty fees collected to fund its research and development, for marketing initiatives,
and for other working capital purposes. The Company s working capital and capital requirements depend upon numerous factors, including,
but not limited to, the results of research and development activities, competitive and technological developments, the timing and costs
of patent filings, and the development of new licensees and changes in the Company s relationship with existing licensees. The
degree of dependence of the Company s working capital requirements on each of the foregoing factors cannot be quantified; increased
research and development activities and related costs would increase such requirements; the addition of new licensees may provide additional
working capital or working capital requirements, and changes in relationships with existing licensees would have a favorable or negative
impact depending upon the nature of such changes. 

During
2022, the Company s cash and cash equivalents balance increased by 3,960,952 principally as a result of cash generated from the
sale of common stock and warrants of 3,450,000 as well as cash generated from the sale of marketable securities of 2,694,968 partially
offset by cash used for operations of 2,182,745 and cash used for the purchase of property and equipment of 1,271. At December 31,
2022, the Company had cash and cash equivalents of 4.2 million, working capital of 4.6 million and total shareholders equity
of 4.8 million. Our quarterly projected cash flow shortfall, based on our current operations, adjusted for any non-recurring cash expenses
for the next 12 months and adjusted for additional royalties expected to be received for use of our products in new production, for the
next 12 months, is approximately 200,000 per quarter. We may eliminate some operating expenses in the future, which will further reduce
our cash flow shortfall if needed. Based on these assumptions, we currently expect to have sufficient working capital for more than the
next 5 years of operations. 

The
Company expects to use its cash to fund its research and development of SPD light valves, its expanded marketing initiatives, and for
other working capital purposes. The Company believes that its current cash and cash equivalents would fund its operations for more than
the next five years. There can be no assurances that expenditures will not exceed the anticipated amounts or that additional financing,
if required, will be available when needed or, if available, that its terms will be favorable or acceptable to the Company. The eventual
success of the Company and generation of positive cash flow will be dependent upon the extent of commercialization of products using
the Company s technology by the Company s licensees and payments of continuing royalties on account thereof. To date the
Company has not generated sufficient revenue from its licensees to fully fund its operations. 

During
2021, the Company s cash and cash equivalents balance decreased by 4,502,741 principally as a result of cash used for the purchase
of marketable securities of 3,433,633 and cash used for operations of 1,804,293 and cash used for the purchase of property and equipment
of 1,077 partially offset by cash generated from the exercise of options and warrants of 86,262 and cash generated from the sale of
marketable securities of 650,000. At December 31, 2021, the Company had cash and cash equivalents of 3.0 million, working capital of
 3.7 million and total shareholders equity of 3.8 million. 

40 

Inflation 

The
Company does not believe that inflation has a significant impact on its business. 

Contractual
Obligations: 

The
Company has operating leases for certain facilities and equipment with a weighted average remaining lease term of 2.2 years as of December
31, 2022. The maturities over time of the operating lease obligations as of December 31, 2022 were as follows: 

December 31, 2022 
 
 Year 1 
 217,000 
 
 Years 2-3 
 278,000 
 
 Years 4-5 
 - 
 
 Thereafter 
 - 
 
 Total lease payments 
 495,000 

See
Note 8 to our Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion of the Company s lease obligations. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

The
Company has no variable interest entities or other off-balance sheet obligation arrangements. 

Forward
Looking Statements 

The
information set forth in this Report and in all publicly disseminated information about the Company, including the narrative contained
in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations above, includes forward-looking
statements within the meaning of 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and is subject to the safe harbor created
by that section. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements as they speak only as of the date
hereof and are not guaranteed. 

ITEM
 8. 
 FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

The
consolidated financial statements listed in Item 15(a)(1) and (2) are included in this report beginning on page F-1. 

ITEM
 9. 
 CHANGES
 IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None 

41 

ITEM
 9A. 
 CONTROLS
 AND PROCEDURES 

Conclusion
Regarding the Effectiveness of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

As
of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the Company carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and
with the participation of the Company s management, including the Company s Chief Executive Officer and acting interim Chief
Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures pursuant
to Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e). Based upon that evaluation, the Company s Chief Executive Officer and acting interim
Chief Financial Officer concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures are effective in timely alerting them to
material information relating to the Company (including its consolidated subsidiary) required to be included in the Company s periodic
SEC filings. Our Chief Executive Officer and acting interim Chief Financial Officer has concluded that as of December 31, 2022 our disclosure
controls and procedures are designed, and are effective, to ensure that information required to be disclosed by our Company in the reports
we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the commission s
rules and forms, and are also effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports that we file or submit under
the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and acting interim Chief Financial
Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Management s
Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined
in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). Our internal control system is designed to provide reasonable assurance to our management and Board of
Directors regarding the preparation and fair presentation of published financial statements. Under the supervision and with the participation
of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and acting interim Chief Financial Officer, we conducted an evaluation of the
effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control-Integrated Framework, issued
by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013), or the COSO Framework. Based on the evaluation of our
disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022, our Chief Executive Officer and Acting Interim Chief Financial Officer concluded
that, as of such date, our internal control over financial reporting was effective. 

This
Annual Report does not include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control
over financial reporting because such attestation report is not required by our independent registered public accounting firm pursuant
to rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Changes
in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

There
were no changes to controls during the three months ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected or are reasonably likely to
materially affect our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM
 9B. 
 OTHER
 INFORMATION 

None. 

PART
III 

ITEM
 10. 
 DIRECTORS,
 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

The
Company has adopted a Code of Ethics applicable to its Chief Executive Officer, Chief Operating Officer, Treasurer and Chief Financial
Officer, Vice Presidents and other employees of the Company with important roles in the financial reporting process. This Code of Ethics
was adopted by the entire Board of Directors of the Company, including all of its Audit Committee members, in March 2004 in accordance
with the requirements of the Sarbanes Oxley Act. The Code of Ethics is available on the Company s website at www.SmartGlass.com
and was also filed as an exhibit to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2003. The Company
intends to satisfy the disclosure requirement under Item 10 of Form 8-K regarding any amendment to, or waiver from, a provision of this
Code of Ethics by posting such information on the website specified above. 

The
other information required by this Item 10 is incorporated by reference to the Company s definitive Proxy Statement to be filed
with the Commission on or before April 28, 2023. 

42 

ITEM
 11. 
 EXECUTIVE
 COMPENSATION 

The
information required by this Item 11 is incorporated by reference to the Company s definitive Proxy Statement to be filed with
the Commission on or before April 28, 2023. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein or in any of the Company s
past or future filings with the SEC that might incorporate by reference the Company s definitive Proxy Statement, in whole or in
part, the report of the compensation committee and the stock price performance graph contained in such definitive Proxy Statement shall
not be incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K or in any other such filings. 

ITEM
 12. 
 SECURITY
 OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The
information required by this Item 12 is incorporated by reference to the Company s definitive Proxy Statement to be filed with
the Commission on or before April 28, 2023. 

ITEM
 13. 
 CERTAIN
 RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE. 

The
information required by this Item 13 is incorporated by reference to the Company s definitive Proxy Statement to be filed with
the Commission on or before April 28, 2023. 

ITEM
 14. 
 PRINCIPAL
 ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

Our
independent registered public accounting firm is CohnReznick LLP, Melville, NY, Auditor Firm ID No: . The information required by
this Item 14 is incorporated by reference to the Company s definitive Proxy Statement to be filed with the Commission on or before
April 28, 2023. 

PART
IV 

ITEM
 15. 
 EXHIBITS,
 FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES AND REPORTS ON FORM 8-K 

(a)(1)
and (2) Financial Statements and Financial Statement Schedules 

The
following consolidated financial statements of Research Frontiers Incorporated are filed under Item 8. Financial Statements and
Supplemental Data of this Report. 

Page 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 F-1 

Consolidated
 Financial Statements: 

Consolidated Balance Sheets, December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-2 

Consolidated Statements of Operations, Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-3 

Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity, Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-4 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-5 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-6 

All
other schedules have been omitted because they are not applicable, or not required, or the required information is disclosed elsewhere
in this Annual Report. 

43 

(a)(3)

Exhibits 

3.1 
 
 Restated
 Certificate of Incorporation of the Company. Previously filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q
 for the fiscal quarter ended June 30, 1994, and incorporated herein by reference. 

3.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Company. Previously filed as Exhibit 99.2 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2007, and incorporated herein by reference. 

4.1 
 
 Form
 of Common Stock Certificate. Previously filed as an Exhibit to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-18 (Reg. No.
 33-5573NY), declared effective by the Commission on July 8, 1986, and incorporated herein by reference. 

4.2 
 
 Restated and amended Stockholder
 Protection Rights Agreement between Research Frontiers Incorporated and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as Rights
 Agent, dated February 11, 2023 - Filed herewith. 

4.3 
 
 Rights Agreement dated as of February 18, 2003 between Research Frontiers Incorporated and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as Rights Agent, which includes as Exhibit A thereto the Form of Rights Certificate. Previously filed as an Exhibit to the Company s Registration Statement on Form 8-A dated February 13, 2013, and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.1A 
 
 Employment Agreement effective as of January 1, 2009 between the Company and Joseph M. Harary. Previously filed as an Exhibit to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 30, 2009 and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.1B 
 
 Amendment to Employment Agreement effective as of June 12, 2014 between the Company and Joseph M. Harary. Previously filed as an Exhibit to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated June 13, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.1B 
 
 Amendment to Employment Agreement effective as of September 26, 2019 between the Company and Joseph M. Harary. Previously filed as an Exhibit to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated September 26, 2019 and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.1C 
 
 Employment Agreement effective as of January 1, 2014 between the Company and Seth L. Van Voorhees Previously filed as an Exhibit to the Company s Current Report on Form 10-K dated December 31, 2013 and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.2 
 
 Amended
 and Restated 1992 Stock Option Plan. Previously filed as Exhibit 4 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-8 (Reg.
 No. 33-86910) filed with the Commission on November 30, 1994, and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.3 
 
 1998 Stock Option Plan, as amended. Previously filed as an Exhibit to the Company s Definitive Proxy Statement dated April 30, 1998 filed with the Commission on April 29, 1998, 1994, and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.31 
 
 2008 Equity Incentive Plan. Previously filed as an Exhibit to the Company s Definitive Proxy Statement dated April 30, 2008 filed with the Commission on April 29, 2008, and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.32 
 
 2019 Equity Incentive Plan. Previously filed as an Exhibit to the Company s Definitive Proxy Statement dated April 29, 2019 filed with the Commission on April 29, 2019, and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.4 
 
 Form
 of Stock Option Agreement between the Company and recipients of stock options issued pursuant to the Company s Stock Option
 Plans. Previously filed as part of Exhibits 4.1, 4.2, and 4.3 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-8 (Reg. No.
 33-53030) filed with the Commission on October 6, 1992, and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.5 
 
 Lease
 Agreement dated November 7, 1986, between the Company and Industrial Research Associates Co. Previously filed as an exhibit
 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1986 and incorporated herein by reference.

44 

10.5.1 
 
 First
 Amendment to Lease dated November 26, 1991 between the Company and Industrial and Research Associates Co. Previously filed as an
 Exhibit to Amendment No. 1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Reg. No. 33-43768) declared effective by the
 Commission on December 17, 1991, and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.5.2 
 
 Second
 Amendment to Lease dated March 11, 1994 between the Company and Industrial and Research Associates Co. Previously filed as an exhibit
 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1993 and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.5.3 
 
 Third Amendment to Lease dated July 14, 1998 between the Company and Industrial and Research Associates Co. Previously filed as an exhibit to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1998 and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.5.4 
 
 Fourth Amendment to Lease dated January 13, 2004 between the Company and Industrial and Research Associates Co. Previously filed as an exhibit to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2003 and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.5.5 
 
 Fifth Amendment to Lease dated February 21, 2014 between the Company and CLK-HP 230-240 CROSSWAYS PARK LLC and LAKE PARK 230-240 CROSSWAYS PARK LLC. Previously filed as an exhibit to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2013 and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.6 
 
 License
 Agreement effective as of August 2, 1995 between the Company and General Electric Company. Previously filed as an Exhibit to the
 Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated August 2, 1995 with portions omitted pursuant to the Registrant s request
 for confidential treatment and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.7 
 
 License Agreement effective as of April 29, 1996 between the Company and Glaverbel, S.A. Previously filed as an Exhibit to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended March 31, 1996 with portions omitted pursuant to the Registrant s request for confidential treatment and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.8 
 
 License Agreement effective as of January 18, 1997 between the Company and Material Sciences Corporation. Previously filed as an Exhibit to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated March 3, 1997 with portions omitted pursuant to the Registrant s request for confidential treatment and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.9 
 
 License Agreement effective as of March 31, 1997 between the Company and Hankuk Glass Industries, Inc. Previously filed as an Exhibit to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 1997 with portions omitted pursuant to the Registrant s request for confidential treatment and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.10 
 
 License Agreement effective as of August 8, 1997 between the Company and Orcolite, a Unit of Monsanto Company. Previously filed as an Exhibit to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 1997 with portions omitted pursuant to the Registrant s request for confidential treatment and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.11 
 
 License Agreement effective as of June 25, 1999 between the Company and Dainippon Ink and Chemicals, Incorporated. Previously filed as an Exhibit to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended June 30, 1999 with portions omitted pursuant to the Registrant s request for confidential treatment and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission and incorporated herein by reference. 

45 

10.12 
 
 License Agreement effective as of August 9, 1999 between the Company and Hitachi Chemical Co., Ltd. Previously filed as an Exhibit to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 1999 with portions omitted pursuant to the Registrant s request for confidential treatment and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.13 
 
 License Agreement effective as of December 3, 1999 between the Company and Global Mirror GmbH Co. KG. Previously filed as an Exhibit to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1999 with portions omitted pursuant to the Registrant s request for confidential treatment and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.14 
 
 License Agreement effective as of December 13, 1999 between the Company and Global Mirror GmbH Co. KG. Previously filed as an Exhibit to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1999 with portions omitted pursuant to the Registrant s request for confidential treatment and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.15 
 
 License Agreement effective as of March 21, 2000 between the Company and ThermoView Industries, Inc. Previously filed as an Exhibit to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1999 with portions omitted pursuant to the Registrant s request for confidential treatment and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.16 
 
 License Agreement effective as of May 23, 2000 between the Company and Polaroid Corporation. Previously filed as an Exhibit to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended June 30, 2000 with portions omitted pursuant to the Registrant s request for confidential treatment and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.17 
 
 License Agreement effective as of February 16, 2001 between the Company and AP Technoglass Co. Previously filed as an Exhibit to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2001 with portions omitted pursuant to the Registrant s request for confidential treatment and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.18 
 
 License Agreement effective as of March 21, 2001 between the Company and InspecTech Aero Service, Inc. Previously filed as an Exhibit to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2001 with portions omitted pursuant to the Registrant s request for confidential treatment and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.19 
 
 License Agreement effective as of March 28, 2001 between the Company and Film Technologies International, Inc. Previously filed as an Exhibit to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2001 with portions omitted pursuant to the Registrant s request for confidential treatment and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.20 
 
 License Agreement effective as of November 29, 2001 between the Company and Avery Dennison Corporation. Previously filed as an Exhibit to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2001 with portions omitted pursuant to the Registrant s request for confidential treatment and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.21 
 
 License Agreement effective as of February 4, 2002 between the Company and BOS GmbH Co. KG. Previously filed as an Exhibit to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2001 with portions omitted pursuant to the Registrant s request for confidential treatment and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission and incorporated herein by reference. 

46 

10.22 
 
 License Agreement effective as of March 11, 2002 between the Company and Isoclima S.p.A. Previously filed as an Exhibit to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2001 with portions omitted pursuant to the Registrant s request for confidential treatment and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.23 
 
 License Agreement effective as of July 2, 2002 between the Company and Isoclima S.p.A. Previously filed as an Exhibit to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2002 with portions omitted pursuant to the Registrant s request for confidential treatment and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.24 
 
 License Agreement effective as of August 19, 2002 between the Company and Razor s Edge Technologies, Inc. Previously filed as an Exhibit to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2002 with portions omitted pursuant to the Registrant s request for confidential treatment and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.25 
 
 License Agreement effective as of October 7, 2002 between the Company and American Glass Products (Glass Technology Investment Ltd.). Previously filed as an Exhibit to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2002 with portions omitted pursuant to the Registrant s request for confidential treatment and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.26 
 
 License Agreement effective as of October 7, 2002 between the Company and SPD Systems, Inc. Previously filed as an Exhibit to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2002 with portions omitted pursuant to the Registrant s request for confidential treatment and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.27 
 
 License Agreement effective as of October 24, 2002 between the Company and CricursaCristalesCurvados S.A. Previously filed as an Exhibit to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2002 with portions omitted pursuant to the Registrant s request for confidential treatment and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.28 
 
 License Agreement effective as of December 9, 2002 between the Company and BRG Group, Ltd. Previously filed as an Exhibit to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2002 with portions omitted pursuant to the Registrant s request for confidential treatment and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.29 
 
 License Agreement effective as of December 13, 2002 between the Company and Laminated Technologies Inc. Previously filed as an Exhibit to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2002 with portions omitted pursuant to the Registrant s request for confidential treatment and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.30 
 
 License Agreement effective as of April 17, 2003 between the Company and Custom Glass Corporation. Previously filed as an Exhibit to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K/A for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2003 with portions omitted pursuant to the Registrant s request for confidential treatment and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.31 
 
 License Agreement effective as of May 2, 2003 between the Company and Air Products and Chemicals, Inc. Previously filed as an Exhibit to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K/A for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2003 with portions omitted pursuant to the Registrant s request for confidential treatment and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission and incorporated herein by reference. 

47 

10.32 
 
 License Agreement effective as of May 30, 2003 between the Company and Kerros Limited. Previously filed as an Exhibit to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K/A for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2003 with portions omitted pursuant to the Registrant s request for confidential treatment and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.33 
 
 License Agreement effective as of June 6, 2003 between the Company and Traco, Inc. Previously filed as an Exhibit to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K/A for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2003 with portions omitted pursuant to the Registrant s request for confidential treatment and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.34 
 
 License Agreement effective as of June 16, 2003 between the Company and Saint-Gobain Glass France S.A. Previously filed as an Exhibit to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K/A for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2003 with portions omitted pursuant to the Registrant s request for confidential treatment and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.35 
 
 License Agreement effective as of August 1, 2003 between the Company and Vision (Environmental Innovation) Limited. Previously filed as an Exhibit to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K/A for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2003 with portions omitted pursuant to the Registrant s request for confidential treatment and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.36 
 
 License Agreement effective as of November 13, 2003 between the Company and Innovative Glass Corporation. Previously filed as an Exhibit to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K/A for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2003 with portions omitted pursuant to the Registrant s request for confidential treatment and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.37 
 
 License Agreement effective as of December 11, 2003 between the Company and Leminur Limited. Previously filed as an Exhibit to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K/A for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2003 with portions omitted pursuant to the Registrant s request for confidential treatment and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.38 
 
 License Agreement effective as of March 25, 2004 between the Company and Pilkington plc. Previously filed as an Exhibit to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2004 with portions omitted pursuant to the Registrant s request for confidential treatment and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.39 
 
 License Agreement effective as of April 5, 2004 between the Company and SmartGlass Ireland Ltd. Previously filed as an Exhibit to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2004 with portions omitted pursuant to the Registrant s request for confidential treatment and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.40 
 
 License Agreement effective as of April 8, 2004 between the Company and Prelco Inc. Previously filed as an Exhibit to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2004 with portions omitted pursuant to the Registrant s request for confidential treatment and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.41 
 
 License Agreement effective as of April 13, 2004 between the Company and E. I. Dupont De Nemours and Company. Previously filed as an Exhibit to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2004 with portions omitted pursuant to the Registrant s request for confidential treatment and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission and incorporated herein by reference. 

48 

10.42 
 
 License Agreement effective as of September 3, 2004 between the Company and Nippon Sheet Glass Co., Ltd. Previously filed as an Exhibit to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2004 with portions omitted pursuant to the Registrant s request for confidential treatment and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.43 
 
 License Agreement effective as of October 25, 2005 between the Company and SPD Control Systems Corporation. Previously filed as an Exhibit to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated October 31, 2005 with portions omitted pursuant to the Registrant s request for confidential treatment and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.44 
 
 License Agreement effective as of March 30, 2006 between the Company and Dainippon Ink and Chemicals. Previously filed as an Exhibit to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 4, 2006 with portions omitted pursuant to the Registrant s request for confidential treatment and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.45 
 
 License Agreement effective as of May 11, 2006 between the Company and Asahi Glass Company. Previously filed as an Exhibit to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated May 15, 2006 with portions omitted pursuant to the Registrant s request for confidential treatment and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.46 
 
 License Agreement effective as of March 19, 2007 between the Company and SmartGlass International Ltd. Previously filed as an Exhibit to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated March 19, 2007 with portions omitted pursuant to the Registrant s request for confidential treatment and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.47 
 
 License Agreement effective as of October 16, 2007 between Research Frontiers Incorporated and Glass Wholesalers, Ltd. d/b/a Craftsman Fabricated Glass, Ltd. Previously filed as an Exhibit to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated October 18, 2007 and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.48 
 
 License Agreement effective as of December 14, 2007 between Research Frontiers Incorporated and AGC Flat Glass Europe SA. Previously filed as an Exhibit to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated December 17, 2007 with portions omitted pursuant to the Registrant s request for confidential treatment and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.49 
 
 License Agreement effective as of February 21, 2008 between Research Frontiers Incorporated and GKN Aerospace Transparency Systems Inc. Previously filed as an Exhibit to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated March 5, 2008 with portions omitted pursuant to the Registrant s request for confidential treatment and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.50 
 
 License Agreement effective as of September 29, 2008 between Research Frontiers Incorporated and PPG Industries, Inc. (now known as Pittsburgh Glass Works, LLC). Previously filed as an Exhibit to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated October 6, 2008 with portions omitted pursuant to the Registrant s request for confidential treatment and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.51 
 
 License Agreement effective as of September 10, 2009 between Research Frontiers Incorporated and Pilkington Group Ltd. Previously filed as an Exhibit to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated September 15, 2009 with portions omitted pursuant to the Registrant s request for confidential treatment and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.52 
 
 License Agreement effective as of January 25, 2010 between Research Frontiers Incorporated and Vision Systems. Previously filed as an Exhibit to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated January 25, 2010 with portions omitted pursuant to the Registrant s request for confidential treatment and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission and incorporated herein by reference. 

49 

10.53 
 
 License Agreement effective as of February 8, 2010 between Research Frontiers Incorporated and ID Research Pty Ltd. (iGlass). Previously filed as an Exhibit to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated February 16, 2010 with portions omitted pursuant to the Registrant s request for confidential treatment and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.54 
 
 License Agreement effective as of December 13, 2010 between Research Frontiers Incorporated and Diamond Sea-Glaze Manufacturing Ltd. Previously filed as an Exhibit to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated December 14, 2010 with portions omitted pursuant to the Registrant s request for confidential treatment and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.55 
 
 License Agreement effective as of December 22, 2010 between Daimler AG, Research Frontiers Incorporated and SPD Control Systems Corp. Previously filed as an Exhibit to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated February 9, 2011 with portions omitted pursuant to the Registrant s request for confidential treatment and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.56 
 
 License Agreement effective as of February 19, 2013 between Tint-It JSC and Research Frontiers Incorporated. Previously filed as an Exhibit to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated March 5, 2013 with portions omitted pursuant to the Registrant s request for confidential treatment and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.57 
 
 License Agreement effective as of August 6, 2012 between Advnanotech LLC and Research Frontiers Incorporated. Previously filed as an Exhibit to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated March 12, 2013 with portions omitted pursuant to the Registrant s request for confidential treatment and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission and incorporated herein by reference. 

14 
 
 Code of Ethics of Research Frontiers Incorporated. Previously filed as an Exhibit to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2003 and incorporated herein by reference. 

21 
 
 Subsidiary of the Registrant - SPD Enterprises, Inc. 

23.1 
 
 Consent of CohnReznick LLP - Filed herewith. 

31.1 
 
 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Joseph M. Harary - Filed herewith. 

32.1 
 
 Section 1350 Certification of Joseph M. Harary - Filed herewith. 

EX-101.INS 
 
 Inline
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT 

EX-101.SCH 
 
 Inline
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA 

EX-101.PRE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE 

EX-101.LAB 
 
 Inline
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE 

EX-101.CAL 
 
 Inline
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE 

EX-101.DEF 
 
 Inline
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE 

104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

Executive Compensation Plan or Arrangement. 

ITEM
16. Form 10-K Summary 

None. 

50 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

RESEARCH
 FRONTIERS INCORPORATED 

(Registrant) 

/s/
 Joseph M. Harary 

Joseph
 M. Harary, President, CEO and Acting Interim CFO 

(Principal
 Executive Officer and Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

Dated:
March 9, 2023 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated: 

Signature 
 
 Position 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Darryl Daigle 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 9, 2023 
 
 Darryl
 Daigle 

/s/
 Joseph M. Harary 
 
 Director,
 President, CEO and Acting Interim CFO 
 
 March
 9, 2023 
 
 Joseph
 M. Harary 

/s/
 Alexander Kaganowicz 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 9, 2023 
 
 Alexander
 Kaganowicz 

51 

Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

Board
of Directors and Shareholders 

 Research
Frontiers Incorporated 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Research Frontiers Incorporated (the Company as of
December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations, shareholders equity and cash flows for
each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the
 financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the
financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of
the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the
United States of America. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits,
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial report, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error
or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matter 

Critical
audit matters are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be
communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and
(2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. We determined that there were no critical matters. 

/s/

We
have served as Research Frontiers Incorporated s auditor since 2019. 

March
9, 2023 

F- 1 

RESEARCH
FRONTIERS INCORPORATED 

 Consolidated
Balance Sheets 

 December
31, 2022 and 2021 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 

Assets 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Marketable securities 
 - 

Royalties receivable, net of reserves of in 2022 and in 2021, respectively 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Fixed assets, net 

Operating lease ROU assets 

Deposits and other assets 

Total assets 

Liabilities and Shareholders Equity 

Current liabilities: 

Current portion of operating lease liability 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses and other 

Total current liabilities 

Operating lease liability, net of current portion 

Total liabilities 

Shareholders equity: 

Common stock, par value per share; authorized shares, issued and outstanding in 2022 and
 in 2021 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total shareholders equity 

Total liabilities and shareholders equity 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F- 2 

RESEARCH
FRONTIERS INCORPORATED 

 Consolidated
Statements of Operations 

 Years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

2022 
 2021 

Fee income 

Operating expenses 

Research and development 

Total expenses 

Operating loss 

Net investment loss 

Net loss 

Basic and diluted net loss per common share 

Weighted average number of common shares outstanding 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

RESEARCH
FRONTIERS INCORPORATED 

 Consolidated
Statements of Shareholders Equity 

 Years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Common Stock 
 Additional 
 Paid-in 
 Accumulated 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Total 

Balance, January 1, 2021 

Exercise of options 

- 

Share-based compensation 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance, December 31, 2021 

Balance 

Share based compensation 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Issuance of common stock and warrants 

- 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance, December 31, 2022 

Balance 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

RESEARCH
FRONTIERS INCORPORATED 

 Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows 

 Years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash 

used in operating activities: 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Realized loss on marketable securities 
 
 - 
 
 Unrealized loss on marketable securities 
 - 

Share-based compensation 

Bad debts 

ROU asset amortization 

Change in assets and liabilities: 

Royalty receivables 

Prepaid expenses and other assets 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Operating lease liability 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Purchases of fixed assets 

Purchases of marketable securities 
 - 

Sales of marketable securities 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Net proceeds from exercise of options and warrants 
 - 

Proceeds from issuance of common stock and warrants 
 
 - 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of year 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

RESEARCH
FRONTIERS INCORPORATED 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

million, cash and cash equivalents of approximately million, shareholders equity of approximately million and an
accumulated deficit of approximately million. Our quarterly projected cash flow shortfall, based on our current operations, adjusted
for any non-recurring cash expenses and adjusted for additional royalties expected to be received for use of our products in new production,
for the next 12 months, is approximately per quarter. We may eliminate some operating expenses in the future, which will further
reduce our cash flow shortfall, if needed. Based on these assumptions, we currently expect to have sufficient working capital for at least 12 months from the issuance of these financial statements. 

In
the event that we are unable to generate sufficient cash from our operating activities or raise additional funds, we may be required
to delay, reduce or severely curtail our operations or otherwise impede our on-going business efforts, which could have a material adverse
effect on our business, operating results, financial condition and long-term prospects. The Company may seek to obtain additional funding
through future equity issuances. There can be no assurance as to the availability or terms upon which such financing and capital might
be available. The eventual success of the Company and generation of positive cash flow will be dependent upon the commercialization of
products using the Company s technology by the Company s licensees and payments of continuing royalties on account thereof.
To date, the Company has not generated sufficient revenue from its licensees to fund its operations. 

Recent
Global Events: 

On
March 11, 2020, the World Health Organization declared the novel strain of coronavirus COVID-19 a global pandemic and
recommended containment and mitigation measures worldwide. 

Since
2020 revenues have been negatively impacted due to delays in manufacture of products using our technology. Most of the products using
our technology are manufactured by licensees overseas in Europe and Asia who have been similarly affected by the pandemic. The disruption
caused by public health crises, such as COVID-19, could result in lower levels of sale activity for products using our technology resulting
in lower level of royalties owed to us from the sale of these products. The duration of the potential business disruptions and related
financial impact cannot be reasonably estimated at this time, but could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition,
results of operations, and cash flows. 

Certain
amounts in the accompanying December 31, 2021 statements of cash flows have been reclassified to conform with the December 31, 2022 presentation. 

per depositor at each financial institution, and
our non-interest bearing cash balances may again exceed federally insured limits. Amounts on deposit in excess of federally insured limits
at December 31, 2022 and 2021 are approximately million and , respectively. 

. At December 31, 2021 all investments are
Level 1 and were classified as trading and consisted of the following: 

Putnam Ultra Short Duration Income 

Unrealized loss 

of the Company s outstanding receivables. As of December 31, 2021, two companies accounted for and of the Company s
outstanding receivables. 

The
Company s license agreements have a variable royalty fee structure (meaning that royalties are a fixed percentage of sales that
vary from period to period) and frequently include a minimum annual royalty commitment. In instances when sales of licensed products
by its licensees exceed the MAR, the Company recognizes fee income as the amounts have been earned. Typically, the royalty rate for such
sales is - of the selling price. While this is variable consideration, it is subject to the sales/usage royalty exception to recognition
of variable consideration in ASC 606 10-55-65 and therefore is not recognized until the subsequent sales or usage occurs or the MAR period
commences. 

Because
of the immediate recognition of the Grant of Use performance obligation: (i) the first period of the contract term will generally have
a higher percent allocation of the transaction price under ASC 606 and (ii) the remaining periods will have less of the transaction price
recognized under ASC 606. After the initial period in the contract term, the revenue for the remaining periods will be based on the satisfaction
of the technical support and New Improvements obligations. Since most of our license agreements start as of January 1st, the revenue
recognized for the contract under ASC 606 in our first quarter will tend to be higher subsequent quarters in the fiscal year. 

Certain
of the contract fees are accrued by, or paid to, the Company in advance of the period in which they are earned resulting in deferred
revenue. Such excess amounts are recorded as deferred revenue and are recognized as revenue in future periods as earned. 

The
Company operates in a single business segment which is engaged in the development and marketing of technology and devices to control
the flow of light. Our revenue source comes from the licensing of this technology and all of these license agreements have similar terms
and provisions. The majority of the Company s licensing fee income comes from the activities of several licensees participating
in the automotive market. The Company currently believes that the automotive market will be the largest source of its royalty income
over the next several years. The Company s royalty income from this market may be influenced by numerous factors including various
trends affecting demand in the automotive industry and the rate of introduction of new technology in OEM product lines. In addition to
these macro factors, the Company s royalty income from the automotive market could also be influenced by specific factors such
as whether the Company s SPD-SmartGlass technology appears as standard equipment or as an option on a particular vehicle, the number
of additional vehicle models that SPD-SmartGlass appears on, the size of each window on a vehicle and the number of windows on a vehicle
that use SPD SmartGlass, fluctuations in the total number of vehicles produced by a manufacturer, and in the percentage of cars within
each model produced with SPD-SmartGlass, and changes in pricing or exchange rates. 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company has one license agreement that are in its initial multiyear term Initial Term with
continuing performance obligations going forward. The Initial Term of this agreement will end as of December 31, 2024, The Company
currently expects this agreement will renew annually at the end of the Initial Term. As of December 31, 2022, the aggregate amount
of the revenue to be recognized upon the satisfaction of the remaining performance obligations for this license agreements is .
The revenue for the remaining performance obligations for this license agreement is expected to be recognized evenly throughout the
remaining period of the Initial Term. 

For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company entered into a number of license agreements covering its light control technology.
The Company received minimum annual royalties under certain license agreements and recorded fee income based on ASC 606 revenue recognition
each quarter. In instances when sales of licensed products by its licensees exceed minimum annual royalties, the Company recognized additional
fee income as the amounts have been earned. Certain of the fees are accrued by, or paid to, the Company in advance of the period in which
they are earned resulting in deferred revenue. Such excess amounts are recorded as deferred revenue and are typically recognized as fee
income when earned. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there was no balance in deferred revenue. 

Fee
income represents amounts earned by the Company under various license and other agreements relating to technology developed by the Company.
During 2022, four licensees accounted for , , and of fee income recognized during the year. During 2021, four licensees
accounted for , , and of fee income recognized during the year. 

and 
for 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

likely to be realized
upon ultimate settlement. Unrecognized tax benefits are tax benefits claimed in tax returns that do not meet these recognition and measurement
standards. We classify accrued interest and penalties related to any unrecognized tax benefits in our income tax provision. At December
31, 2022 and 2021, we do not have accrued interest and penalties related to any unrecognized tax benefits. We do not believe we have
any uncertain tax positions as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

The
tax years subject to examination by major tax jurisdictions include the years 2017 and forward by the U.S. Internal Revenue Service and
certain states. The Company is not currently being audited by any tax jurisdiction. 

In
order to determine the fair value of stock options on the date of grant, the Company uses the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. Inherent
in this model are assumptions related to expected stock-price volatility, option term, risk-free interest rate and dividend yield. While
the risk-free interest rate and dividend yield are less subjective assumptions that are based on factual data derived from public sources,
the expected stock-price volatility and option term assumptions require a greater level of judgment. 

In
connection with employee and director stock options, the Company charged to compensation expense and during the years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, these awards were fully vested. In lieu of higher cash compensation,
the Company has granted warrants and non-employee options to consultants. These warrants and non-employee options vested fully on the
date of grant. There were no such charges for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

impairment of long-lived assets recorded during 2022 and 2021. 

years 
 
 Trade show materials 

years 
 
 Autos 

years 

Life of lease or estimated 
 
 Leasehold improvements 

life of asset if shorter 

Less accumulated depreciation 

and amortization 

Professional services 

Other 

Accrued expenses 

The
Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 TCIA amended IRC Section 174 to require capitalization of all research and development R D costs incurred in tax years beginning after December 31, 2021. For
tax reporting purposes, the Company capitalized of R D expenses incurred as of December 31, 2022. 

On
August 16, 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act IRA was signed into law in the United States. Among other provisions,
the IRA includes a 
corporate minimum tax rate which applies to certain large corporations and a 
excise tax on corporate stock repurchases made after December 31, 2022. We do not expect the IRA to have a material impact on our
consolidated financial statements. 

Allowance for bad debts 

Net operating loss carry-forwards 

Stock option expense 

Research and other credits 

Lease liability 

Amortization 
 
 - 
 
 Total gross deferred tax assets 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Lease liability 

Other temporary differences 
 - 

Total gross deferred tax liabilities 

Valuation allowance 

Net deferred tax 
 - 
 - 

Expired carryforwards and other 

Valuation allowance 

Total income tax provision 
 - 
 - 

In
assessing the realizability of deferred tax assets, the Company considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all
of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon future taxable income
during the period in which those temporary differences become deductible. The Company considers the scheduled reversal of deferred tax
liabilities, projected future taxable income, and tax planning strategies in making this assessment. Based upon its historical operating
losses, utilization of deferred tax assets cannot currently be determined. Accordingly, the Company has recorded a full valuation allowance
against the deferred tax assets due to the uncertainty regarding the future utilization of the deferred tax assets for all periods presented. 

At
December 31, 2022, the Company had net operating loss carryforwards for federal income tax purposes of approximately . Net
operating loss carryforwards accumulated through December 31, 2017 of approximately will . Net operating losses generated since 2018, totaling approximately , will carry forward indefinitely, but cannot
offset more than percent of taxable income. Research and other credit carryforwards of approximately are available to the
Company to reduce income taxes payable in future years principally through 2040. The Company s ability to utilize its net operating
loss carryforwards and its current year tax credits in future periods could be subject to the 382 limitation. The Company will need to
complete an analysis to determine whether its net operating losses are subject to the 382 limitation. 

and issued shares of common stock in connection with the exercise of outstanding
options and warrants. In addition, during February 2023, the Company received proceeds of and issued common shares in connection
with the exercise of outstanding warrants. 

On
September 16, 2022, the Company entered into subscription agreements from a group of private accredited investors to sell them 
million shares of common stock of the Company at a price of per share (which represents the closing market price of the
Company s common stock on September 14, 2022 which was the date that the transaction was agreed to). As of December 31,
2022, the Company received under these subscription agreements and has issued common shares and issued
 warrants. In addition, the Company expects to receive the remaining under these subscription agreements in
March, 2023. The shares were issued to the investors in a private placement and, along with the shares issued in
connection with the exercise of any warrants in the future, are not registered and therefore currently subject to at least a
six-month holding period by the investor. 

(b)
 Options and Warrants 

(i)
 Employee Options 

In
2019, the shareholders approved the Company s 2019 Equity Incentive Plan, which provides for the granting of both incentive stock
options at the fair market value at the date of grant and nonqualified stock options at the fair market value at the date of grant to
employees or non-employees who, in the determination of the Board of Directors, have made or may make significant contributions to the
Company in the future. The Company may also award stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, or restricted stock units under this plan.
The Company initially reserved shares of its common stock for issuance under this plan, and options and other awards
were available for issuance under this plan as of December 31, 2022. 

At
the discretion of the Board of Directors, options expire in ten years or less from the date of grant and are generally fully exercisable
upon grant but in some cases may be subject to vesting in the future. Full payment of the exercise price may be made in cash or in shares
of common stock valued at the fair market value thereof on the date of exercise, or by agreeing with the Company to cancel a portion
of the exercised options. 

The
Company granted fully vested options during 2022 and recorded share-based compensation of . The Company granted 
fully vested options during 2021 and recorded share-based compensation of . The Company valued these grants using the Black-Scholes
option pricing model with the following weighted average assumptions: 

Expected dividend yield 
 - 
 - 
 
 Expected volatility 

Risk free interest rate 

Expected term of the option 
 years 
 years 

Granted 

Cancelled 

Exercised 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

Granted 

Cancelled 

Exercised 
 - 
 - 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

All
options are exercisable at December 31, 2022. 

(ii)
Warrants and Non-Employee Options 

Exercised 
 - 

Terminated 
 - 

Issued 
 - 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

Exercised 
 - 

Terminated 
 - 

Issued 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

In
lieu of cash compensation, the Company has granted warrants to investors and non-employee options to consultants. These warrants and
non-employee options vested ratably over various terms ranging from to months. The non-employee options are valued at fair value
at the time that the related services are provided using the Black-Scholes option valuation model and marked to market quarterly using
the Black-Scholes option valuation model. There are warrants issued to investors that are outstanding that are accounted for
as equity. 

Warrants
and non-employee options generally expire in from the date of issuance. At December 31, 2022, all warrants and non-employee
options outstanding were exercisable. 

(c)
 Restricted Stock Grants 

During
2022 and 2021, the Company did not issue restricted stock to its directors and employees. 

- of net sales of licensed products under license agreements currently in
effect and may also be required to pay Research Frontiers fees and minimum annual royalties. Licensees who sell products or components
to other licensees of Research Frontiers do not pay a royalty on such sale; Research Frontiers will collect such royalty from the licensee
incorporating such products or components into its own end-products. Research Frontiers license agreements typically allow the
licensee to terminate the license after some period of time and give Research Frontiers only limited rights to terminate before the license
expires. Most licenses are non-exclusive and generally last as long as our patents remain in effect. 

On
March 14, 2019, the Company suspended its VariGuard SmartGlass business unit activities. Instead, the Company licensed a new entity to
pursue the business opportunities previously pursued by the Company s VariGuard SmartGlass business unit. This new licensee continues
to use the VariGuard SmartGlass name. In addition to other employees at VariGuard SmartGlass Inc., one of the Company s officers
(Michael R. LaPointe) and one former officer (Seth L. Van Voorhees) are shareholders of VariGuard SmartGlass Inc. and, as consequence,
this transaction is a related party relationship which has been reviewed and approved by the Company s Board of Directors pursuant
to the requirements of Delaware corporate law and the Company s Code of Ethics. Mr. LaPointe also remains a full-time employee
at the Company. In October 2021, the Company entered into an amendment to the license agreement with VariGuard modifying its scope and
terms. 

for calendar
year 2023. This employment agreement has an evergreen provision that extends the term by on the expiration date unless either
the Company or the employee has given notice that they will not be renewing the agreement upon the expiration of its term. 

The
Company has a defined contribution profit sharing (401k) plan covering employees who have completed one year of service. Contributions
are made at the discretion of the Company. The Company did not make any contributions to this plan for 2022 or 2021. 

The
Company determines if an arrangement is a lease at its inception. This determination generally depends on whether the arrangement conveys
the right to control the use of an identified fixed asset explicitly or implicitly for a period of time in exchange for consideration.
Control of an underlying asset is conveyed if the Company obtains the rights to direct the use of, and to obtain substantially all of
the economic benefits from the use of, the underlying asset. Lease expense for variable leases and short-term leases is recognized when
the obligation is incurred. 

The
Company has operating leases for certain facilities, vehicles and equipment with a weighted average remaining lease term of years
as of December 31, 2022. Operating leases are included in right of use lease assets, other current liabilities and long-term lease liabilities
on the consolidated balance sheet. Right of use lease assets and liabilities are recognized at each lease s commencement date based
on the present value of its lease payments over its respective lease term. The Company does not have an established incremental borrowing
rate as it does not have any debt. The Company uses the stated borrowing rate for a lease when readily determinable. When the interest
rate implicit in its lease agreements is not readily determinable, the Company uses an interest rate based on the marketplace for public
debt. The weighted average discount rate associated with operating leases as of December 31, 2022 is . 

Years
 2-3 

Years
 4-5 

- 

Thereafter 

- 

Total
 lease payments 

Less:
 imputed lease interest 

) 

Present
 value of lease liabilities 

or more of the Company s common stock, unless redeemed by the Company s Board of Directors, each
Right entitles the holder (other than the acquiring person) to purchase from the Company worth of common stock for . If the Company
is merged into, or or more of its assets or earning power is sold to, the acquiring company, the Rights will also enable the holder
(other than the acquiring person) to purchase worth of common stock of the acquiring company for . During 2022, the Company extended
to expiration of The Rights to the close of business on , unless the Rights Plan is extended by the Company s
Board of Directors or unless the Rights are earlier redeemed by the Company at a price of per Right. The Rights are not exercisable
during the time when they are redeemable by the Company. 

The
above description highlights some of the features of the Company s Rights Plan and is not a complete description of the Rights
Plan. A more detailed description and copy of the Rights Plan has been filed with the SEC and is available from the Company upon request. 

F- 17 

<EX-4.2>
 2
 ex4-2.htm

Exhibit
4.2 

RESTATED
AND AMENDED STOCKHOLDER PROTECTION RIGHTS AGREEMENT 

RESTATED
AND AMENDED STOCKHOLDER PROTECTION RIGHTS AGREEMENT (as further amended from time to time, this Agreement ), dated
as of February 11, 2023, between Research Frontiers Incorporated, a Delaware corporation (the Company ), and Continental
Stock Transfer Trust Company, a New York banking corporation, as Rights Agent (the Rights Agent , which term
shall include any successor Rights Agent hereunder). 

WITNESSETH : 

WHEREAS,
on February 18, 2003, the Board of Directors of the Company (a) authorized the adoption of the Rights Agreement, dated February 18, 2003,
between the Company and the Rights Agent (the 2003 Agreement ), (b) authorized and declared a dividend of one right Right in respect of each share of Common Stock (as hereinafter defined) held of record as of the Close of Business
(as hereinafter defined) on March 3, 2003 (the Record Time ), and (c) authorized the issuance of one Right in respect
of each share of Common Stock issued after the Record Time and prior to the Separation Time (as hereinafter defined); 

WHEREAS,
pursuant to Section 26 of the 2003 Agreement, on February 11, 2013, the Board of Directors of the Company authorized the adoption of
this Agreement which restates and amends the 2003 Agreement to (a) extend the Final Expiration Time (as hereinafter defined), (b) decrease
the Exercise Price (as hereinafter defined), and (c) make certain other changes as set forth herein. 

WHEREAS,
pursuant to Section 26 of the 2003 Agreement and the 2013 Agreement, on December 14, 2022, the Board of Directors of the Company authorized
the adoption of this Agreement which restates and amends the 2003 Agreement to (a) extend the Final Expiration Time (as hereinafter defined),
and (b) make certain other changes as set forth herein. 

NOW
THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the respective agreements set forth herein, the parties hereby agree as follows: 

ARTICLE
I 

DEFINITIONS 

1.1
 Definitions . For purposes of this Agreement, the following terms have the meanings indicated: 

Acquiring
Person shall mean any Person who is or becomes the Beneficial Owner of 15 or more of the outstanding shares of Common Stock;
 provided , however , that the term Acquiring Person shall not include any Person (i) who becomes the Beneficial
Owner of 15 or more of the outstanding shares of Common Stock but who (in the good faith determination of the Board of Directors) acquired
Beneficial Ownership of shares of Common Stock without any plan or intention to obtain, change or influence the control of the Company
if such Person promptly divests, or promptly enters into an agreement with, and satisfactory to, the Board of Directors, in the Board s
sole discretion, to divest, and subsequently divests in accordance with the terms of such agreement (without exercising or retaining
any power, including, but not limited to, voting power, with respect to such shares), sufficient shares of Common Stock (or securities
convertible into, exchangeable into or exercisable for Common Stock or otherwise deemed to be Beneficially Owned by such Person) so that
such Person ceases to be the Beneficial Owner of 15 or more of the outstanding shares of Common Stock; (ii) who becomes the Beneficial
Owner of 15 or more of the outstanding shares of Common Stock solely as a result of a reduction in the number of shares of Common Stock
outstanding due to the repurchase of shares of Common Stock by the Company (or any Subsidiary of the Company, any employee benefit plan
of the Company or of any Subsidiary of the Company, or any Person or entity organized, appointed or established by the Company for or
pursuant to the terms of any such plan) unless and until such Person, after becoming aware that such Person has become the Beneficial
Owner of 15 or more of the then outstanding shares of Common Stock, acquires Beneficial Ownership (other than by means of a stock dividend
or stock split) of additional shares of Common Stock representing 1 or more of the shares of Common Stock then outstanding; or (iii)
who Beneficially Owns shares of Common Stock consisting solely of one or more of (A) shares of Common Stock that are Beneficially Owned
pursuant to the grant or exercise of an option granted to such Person (an Option Holder by the Company in connection
with an agreement to merge with, or acquire, the Company entered into prior to a Flip-in Date, (B) shares of Common Stock (or securities
convertible into, exchangeable into or exercisable for Common Stock or otherwise deemed to be Beneficially Owned by such Person) Beneficially
Owned by such Option Holder or its Affiliates or Associates at the time of grant of such option, and (C) shares of Common Stock (or securities
convertible into, exchangeable into or exercisable for Common Stock or otherwise deemed to be Beneficially Owned by such Person) acquired
by Affiliates or Associates of such Option Holder after the time of such grant that, in the aggregate, amount to less than 1 of the
outstanding shares of Common Stock. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, the Company, any Subsidiary of the Company,
and any employee stock ownership or other employee benefit plan of the Company or a Subsidiary of the Company (or any Person, entity
or trustee holding shares of Common Stock for or pursuant to the terms of any such plan or for the purpose of funding any such plan or
funding other employee benefits for employees of the Company or of any Subsidiary of the Company) shall not be an Acquiring Person. 

1 

Affiliate 
and Associate shall have the respective meanings ascribed to such terms in Rule 12b-2 of the General Rules and Regulations
under the Exchange Act, as such Rule is in effect on the Date of this Agreement. 

Agreement 
shall have the meaning set forth in the Preamble . 

Applicable
Expiration Date shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.19 . 

A
Person shall be deemed the Beneficial Owner , and to have Beneficial Ownership of, and to Beneficially
Own , any securities (i) as to which such Person or any of such Person s Affiliates or Associates is or may be deemed
to be the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, pursuant to Rules 13d-3 and 13d-5 of the General Rules and Regulations under the
Exchange Act, as such Rules are in effect on the Date of this Agreement; (ii) as to which such Person or any of such Person s Affiliates
or Associates has the right to become the Beneficial Owner (whether such right is exercisable immediately or only after the passage of
time or the occurrence of conditions), directly or indirectly, pursuant to any agreement, arrangement or understanding, whether or not
in writing (other than customary agreements with and between underwriters and selling group members with respect to a bona fide public
offering of securities), or upon the exercise of conversion rights, exchange rights, rights (other than the Rights), warrants or options,
or otherwise; (iii) which are Beneficially Owned, directly or indirectly, by any other Person or any of such other Person s Affiliates
or Associates with which such first Person or any of such first Person s Affiliates or Associates has any agreement, arrangement
or understanding, whether or not in writing, (x) for the purpose of acquiring, holding, voting (except pursuant to a revocable proxy
as described in clause (B) of the proviso to this sentence) or disposing of any voting securities of the Company, or (y) to cooperate
in obtaining, changing or influencing the control of the Company; and (iv) that such Person or any of such Person s Affiliates
or Associates are determined to Constructively Own; provided , however , that a Person shall not be deemed the Beneficial
Owner, or to have Beneficial Ownership of, or to Beneficially Own, any security (A) solely because
such security has been tendered pursuant to a tender or exchange offer made by such Person or any of such Person s Affiliates or
Associates until such tendered security is accepted for payment or exchange, or (B) solely because such Person or any of such Person s
Affiliates or Associates has or shares the power to vote or direct the voting of such security pursuant to a revocable proxy or consent
given in response to a public proxy or consent solicitation made to more than ten holders of shares of a class of stock of the Company
registered under Section 12 of the Exchange Act and pursuant to, and in accordance with, the applicable provisions of the General Rules
and Regulations under the Exchange Act, except if such power (or the arrangements relating thereto (whether or not in writing)) is then
reportable under Item 6 of Schedule 13D under the Exchange Act (or any similar provision of a comparable or successor statement). Notwithstanding
the foregoing, no officer or director of the Company shall be deemed to Beneficially Own any securities of any other Person solely by
virtue of any actions that such officer or director takes in such capacity. For purposes of this Agreement, in determining the percentage
of the outstanding shares of Common Stock with respect to which a Person is the Beneficial Owner, all shares as to which such Person
is deemed the Beneficial Owner shall be deemed to be outstanding. 

2 

Board
of Directors shall mean the Board of Directors of the Company. 

Business
Day shall mean any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which banking institutions in the State of New York or the
state in which the principal office of the Rights Agent is located are authorized or obligated by law or executive order to close. 

Close
of Business on any given date shall mean 5:00 p.m. New York City time on such date or, if such date is not a Business Day,
5:00 p.m. New York City time on the next succeeding Business Day. 

Common
Stock shall mean the shares of common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, of the Company. 

Company 
shall have the meaning set forth in the Preamble . 

A
Person shall be deemed to Constructively Own shares of Common Stock in respect of which such Person has a Synthetic
Long Position, calculated in the manner set forth below. The number of shares of Common Stock in respect of a Synthetic Long Position
that shall be deemed to be Constructively Owned is the notional or other number of shares of Common Stock in respect of such Synthetic
Long Position that is specified in a filing by such Person or any of such Person s Affiliates or Associates with the SEC or in
the documentation evidencing such Synthetic Long Position as the basis upon which the value or settlement amount of such right or derivative,
or the opportunity of the holder of such right or derivative to profit or share in any profit, is to be calculated in whole or in part,
and in any case (or if no such number of shares of Common Stock is specified in any filing or documentation), as determined by the Board
of Directors in good faith to be the number of shares of Common Stock to which such Synthetic Long Position relates. 

Date
of this Agreement shall mean February 11, 2023. 

Election
to Exercise shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.3(d) . 

Exchange
Act shall mean the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

Exchange
Ratio shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.1(c) . 

Exchange
Time shall mean the time at which the right to exercise the Rights shall terminate pursuant to Section 3.1(c) . 

Exercise
Price shall mean, as of any date, the price at which a holder may purchase the securities issuable upon exercise of one whole
Right. Until adjustment thereof in accordance with the terms hereof, the Exercise Price shall equal 40. 

Expansion
Factor shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.4(a) . 

Expiration
Time shall mean the earliest of (i) the Exchange Time, (ii) the Redemption Time, (iii) the Final Expiration Time, unless,
for purposes of this clause (iii) , extended by action of the Board of Directors in accordance with Section 5.19 (in which
case the applicable time shall be the time to which it has been so extended), and (iv) immediately prior to the effective time of a consolidation,
merger or statutory share exchange that does not constitute a Flip-over Transaction or Event. 

Final
Expiration Time shall mean the Close of Business on February 11, 2033. 

3 

Flip-in
Date shall mean any Stock Acquisition Date or such later date and time as the Board of Directors may from time to time fix
by resolution adopted prior to the Flip-in Date that would otherwise have occurred. 

Flip-over
Entity , for purposes of Section 3.2 , shall mean (i) in the case of a Flip-over Transaction or Event described in clause
(i) of the definition thereof, the Person issuing any securities into which shares of Common Stock are being converted or exchanged
and, if no such securities are being issued, the other Person that is a party to such Flip-over Transaction or Event, and (ii) in the
case of a Flip-over Transaction or Event referred to in clause (ii) of the definition thereof, the Person receiving the greatest portion
of the (A) assets or, if (A) is not readily determinable, (B) operating income or cash flow being transferred in such Flip-over
Transaction or Event; provided , in all cases, that if such Person is a Subsidiary of another Person, the ultimate parent entity
of such Person shall be the Flip-over Entity. 

Flip-over
Stock shall mean the capital stock (or similar equity interest) with the greatest voting power in respect of the election
of directors (or other Persons similarly responsible for the direction of the business and affairs) of the Flip-over Entity. 

Flip-over
Transaction or Event shall mean a transaction or series of transactions, on or after a Flip-in Date, in which, directly or
indirectly, (i) the Company shall consolidate or merge or participate in a statutory share exchange with any other Person if, at the
time of consummation of the consolidation, merger or statutory share exchange or at the time the Company enters into any agreement with
respect to any such consolidation, merger or statutory share exchange, the Acquiring Person is the Beneficial Owner of 90 or more of
the outstanding shares of Common Stock or controls the Board of Directors and either (A) any term of or arrangement concerning the treatment
of shares of capital stock in such consolidation, merger or statutory share exchange relating to the Acquiring Person is not identical
to the terms and arrangements relating to other holders of the Common Stock, or (B) the Person with whom the transaction or series of
transactions occurs is the Acquiring Person or an Affiliate or Associate of the Acquiring Person; or (ii) the Company shall sell or otherwise
transfer (or one or more of its Subsidiaries shall sell or otherwise transfer) assets (A) aggregating more than 50 of the assets (measured
by either book value or fair market value) or (B) generating more than 50 of the operating income or cash flow, in each case of the
Company and its Subsidiaries (taken as a whole) to any Person (other than the Company or one or more of its wholly owned Subsidiaries)
or to two or more such Persons that are Affiliates or Associates or are otherwise acting in concert, if, at the time of the entry by
the Company (or any such Subsidiary) into an agreement with respect to such sale or transfer of assets, the Acquiring Person is the Beneficial
Owner of 90 of more of the outstanding shares of Common Stock or controls the Board of Directors of the Company. For purposes of the
foregoing definition, the term Acquiring Person shall include any Acquiring Person and its Affiliates and Associates,
counted together as a single Person. An Acquiring Person shall be deemed to control the Board of Directors when, on or following a Stock
Acquisition Date, a majority of the members of the Board of Directors do not consist of (i) persons who were members of the Board of
Directors on the Stock Acquisition Date, other than any person who was or is an Acquiring Person, an Affiliate or Associate of an Acquiring
Person or a representative or nominee of an Acquiring Person, and (ii) persons, the nomination for election or election to the Board
of Directors of whom is recommended or approved by a majority of the members of the Board of Directors satisfying either clause (i)
 above or this clause (ii) . 

Market
Price per share of any securities on any date shall mean the average of the daily closing prices per share of such securities
(determined as described below) on each of the 20 consecutive Trading Days through and including the Trading Day immediately preceding,
but not including, such date; provided , however , that if any event described in Section 2.4 , or any analogous event,
shall have caused the closing prices used to determine the Market Price on any Trading Days during such period of 20 Trading Days not
to be fully comparable with the closing price on such date, each such closing price so used shall be appropriately adjusted by the Board
of Directors in order to make it fully comparable with the closing price on such date. The closing price per share of any securities
on any date shall be the last reported sale price, regular way, or, in case no such sale takes place or is quoted on such date, the average
of the closing bid and asked prices, regular way, for each share of such securities, in either case, as reported in the principal consolidated
transaction reporting system with respect to securities listed on the principal national securities exchange on which the securities
are listed or admitted to trading or, if the securities are not listed or admitted to trading on any national securities exchange, as
reported by NASDAQ or such other quotation system then in use, or, if on any such date the securities are not listed or admitted to trading
on any national securities exchange or quoted by any such quotation system, the average of the closing bid and asked prices as furnished
by a professional market maker making a market in the securities selected by the Board of Directors; provided , however ,
that if on any such date the securities are not listed or admitted to trading on a national securities exchange or traded in the over-the-counter
market, the closing price per share of such securities on such date shall mean the fair value per share of such securities on such date
as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors, after consultation with a nationally recognized investment banking firm, and set
forth in a certificate delivered to the Rights Agent, which determination shall be binding on the Rights Agent, the holders of Rights
and all other Persons. 

4 

NASDAQ 
shall mean the National Association of Securities Dealers, Inc. Automated Quotation System. 

Option
Holder shall have the meaning set forth in the definition of Acquiring Person. 

Person 
shall mean any individual, firm, partnership, limited liability partnership, limited liability company, business trust, trust, association,
syndicate, group (as such term is used in Rule 13d-5 of the General Rules and Regulations under the Exchange Act, as such Rule is in
effect on the Date of this Agreement), corporation or other entity, including, in each case, any successor thereof and any unincorporated
group of persons who, by formal or informal agreement or arrangement, have embarked on a common purpose or act. 

Record
Time shall have the meaning set forth in the Recitals . 

Redemption
Price shall mean an amount equal to 0.0001. 

Redemption
Time shall mean the time at which the right to exercise the Rights shall terminate pursuant to Section 5.1 . 

Right 
shall have the meaning set forth in the Recitals . 

Rights
Agent shall have the meaning set forth in the Preamble . 

Rights
Certificate shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.3(c) . 

Rights
Register shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.7(a) . 

SEC 
shall mean the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Separation
Time shall mean the earlier of the Close of Business on the tenth Business Day (or such later date as the Board of Directors
may from time to time fix by resolution adopted prior to the Separation Time that otherwise would have occurred) following but not including
(i) the date on which any Person commences a tender or exchange offer that, if consummated, would result in such Person s becoming
an Acquiring Person, and (ii) the date of the first event causing a Flip-in Date to occur; provided that if any tender or exchange
offer referred to in clause (i) of this paragraph is cancelled, terminated or otherwise withdrawn prior to the Separation Time
without the purchase of any shares of Common Stock pursuant thereto, such offer shall be deemed, for purposes of this paragraph, never
to have been made. 

Stock
Acquisition Date shall mean the earlier of (i) the first date on which there shall be a public announcement by the Company
(by any means) that a Person has become an Acquiring Person or (ii) the date on which any Acquiring Person becomes the Beneficial Owner
of more than 50 of the outstanding shares of Common Stock. 

5 

Subsidiary 
of any specified Person shall mean any corporation or other entity of which a majority of the voting power of the equity securities or
a majority of the equity or ownership interests are Beneficially Owned, directly or indirectly, by such Person. 

Synthetic
Long Position shall mean any option, warrant, convertible security, stock appreciation right, swap agreement or other security,
contract right or derivative position, whether or not presently exercisable, that has an exercise or conversion privilege or a settlement
payment or mechanism at a price related to the value of Common Stock or a value determined in whole or part with reference to, or derived
in whole or in part from, the value of Common Stock and that increases in value as the value of Common Stock increases or that provides
to the holder an opportunity, directly or indirectly, to profit or share in any profit derived from any increase in the value of Common
Stock, in any case without regard to whether (i) such derivative conveys any voting rights in such securities to such Person or any of
such Person s Affiliates or Associates, (ii) such derivative is required to be, or capable of being, settled through delivery of
such securities, or (iii) such Person or any of such Person s Affiliates or Associates may have entered into other transactions
that hedge the economic effect of such derivative. A Synthetic Long Position shall not include any interests, rights, options or other
securities set forth in Rule 16a-1(c)(1)-(5) or (7) of the General Rules and Regulations under the Exchange Act. 

Trading
Day , when used with respect to any securities, shall mean a day on which the principal national securities exchange on which
such securities are listed or admitted to trading is open for the transaction of business or, if such securities are not listed or admitted
to trading on any national securities exchange, a Business Day. 

Trading
Regulation shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.3(c) . 

Trust 
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.1(c) . 

Trust
Agreement shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.1(c) . 

2003
Agreement shall have the meaning set forth in the Recitals. 

2013
Agreement shall have the meaning set forth in the Recitals. 

ARTICLE
II 

THE
RIGHTS 

2.1
 Summary of Rights . The Company will make a summary of the terms of the Rights available to any holder of Rights who may so request
from time to time prior to the Expiration Time. 

2.2
 Legend on Common Stock Certificates . Certificates for the Common Stock issued (whether originally issued or from the Company s
treasury) on or after the Record Time but prior to the Separation Time shall evidence one Right for each share of Common Stock represented
thereby. Certificates for the Common Stock issued (whether originally issued or from the Company s treasury) on or after the Record
Time but prior to the Date of this Agreement shall have impressed on, printed on, written on or otherwise affixed to them substantially
the legend specified in Section 3(c) of the 2003 Agreement. Certificates for the Common Stock issued (whether originally issued or from
the Company s treasury) on or after the Date of this Agreement but prior to the Separation Time shall have impressed on, printed
on, written on or otherwise affixed to them substantially the following legend: 

Until
the Separation Time (as defined in the Rights Agreement referred to below), this certificate also evidences and entitles the holder hereof
to certain Rights as set forth in the Restated and Amended Stockholder Protection Rights Agreement, dated as of February 11, 2023 (as
such may be further amended from time to time, the Rights Agreement ), between Research Frontiers Incorporated (the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as Rights Agent, the terms of which are hereby incorporated herein by reference and
a copy of which is on file at the principal executive offices of the Company. Under certain circumstances, as set forth in the Rights
Agreement, such Rights may be redeemed, may become exercisable for securities or assets of the Company or securities of another entity,
may be exchanged for shares of Common Stock or other securities or assets of the Company, may expire, may become null and void (including,
if they are Beneficially Owned by an Acquiring Person or an Affiliate or Associate 
thereof (as such terms are defined in the Rights Agreement, or by any transferee of any of the foregoing)) or may be evidenced by separate
certificates and may no longer be evidenced by this certificate. The Company will mail or arrange for the mailing of a copy of the Rights
Agreement to the holder of this certificate without charge after the receipt of a written request therefor. 

6 

Certificates
representing shares of Common Stock that were issued and outstanding at the Record Time shall evidence one Right for each share of Common
Stock evidenced thereby notwithstanding the foregoing legends. Notwithstanding the foregoing, neither the omission of a legend nor the
inclusion of a legend that makes reference to a rights agreement other than the Agreement shall affect the enforceability of any part
of this Agreement or the rights of any holder of Rights. 

If
the Common Stock issued after the Record Time but prior to the Separation Time shall be uncertificated, the registration of such Common
Stock on the stock transfer books of the Company shall evidence one Right for each share of Common Stock represented thereby. The Company
shall mail or arrange for the mailing of a copy of this Agreement to any Person that holds Common Stock, as evidenced by the registration
of the Common Stock in the name of such Person on the stock transfer books of the Company, without charge after the receipt of a written
request therefor, and the Company shall cause the transfer agent for the Common Stock to include on each direct registration account
statement with respect to the Common Stock issued prior to the Separation Time an appropriate notation to the reflect the issuance of
the Rights. 

2.3
 Exercise of Rights; Separation of Rights . (a) Subject to Sections 3.1 , 5.1 and 5.10 and subject to adjustment
as herein set forth, each Right will entitle the holder thereof, at or after the Separation Time and prior to the Expiration Time, to
purchase, for the Exercise Price, one share of Common Stock. 

(b)
Until the Separation Time, (i) no Right may be exercised and (ii) each Right will be evidenced by the certificate for the associated
share of Common Stock (or, if the Common Stock shall be uncertificated, by the registration of the associated Common Stock on the stock
transfer books of the Company and the confirmation thereof provided for in Section 2.2 ), and will be transferable only together
with, and will be transferred by a transfer (whether with or without such letter or confirmation) of, such associated share. 

(c)
Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, at or after the Separation Time and prior to the Expiration Time, the Rights (i) may be exercised
pursuant to Section 2.3(d) below and (ii) may be transferred independent of shares of Common Stock. Promptly following the Separation
Time (provided that the Board of Directors has not elected to exchange all of the then outstanding Rights pursuant to Section 3.1(c) ),
then the Rights Agent or the transfer agent for the Common Stock, if requested by the Company and provided with the necessary information,
will mail to each holder of record of Common Stock as of the Separation Time (other than any Person whose Rights have become null and
void pursuant to Section 3.1(b) ), at such holder s address as shown by the records of the Company (and the Company hereby
agrees to furnish copies of such records to the Rights Agent for this purpose), (x) a certificate (a Rights Certificate in substantially the form of Exhibit A hereto appropriately completed, representing the number of Rights held by such holder at
the Separation Time and having such marks of identification or designation and such legends, summaries or endorsements printed thereon
as the Company may deem appropriate and as are not inconsistent with the provisions of this Agreement and as do not affect the rights,
liabilities, responsibilities or duties of the Rights Agent, or as may be required to comply with any law or with any rule or regulation
made pursuant thereto or with any rule or regulation of any national securities exchange or quotation system on which the Common Stock
or the Rights may from time to time be listed or traded Trading Regulation ), or to conform to usage, and (y) a
disclosure statement describing the Rights; provided , however , that the Company shall have no obligation to distribute
Rights Certificates to any Acquiring Person or Affiliate or Associate of an Acquiring Person or any transferee of any of the foregoing.
Receipt of a Rights Certificate by any Person shall not preclude a later determination that such Rights are null and void pursuant to
 Section 3.1(b) . To the extent applicable, the Company may implement such procedures as it deems appropriate, in its sole discretion,
to minimize the possibility that Rights are received by Persons with respect to whom Rights would be null and void under Section 3.1(b) . 

7 

(d)
Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, Rights may be exercised on any Business Day at or after the Separation Time and prior to
the Expiration Time by submitting to the Rights Agent the Rights Certificate evidencing such Rights with an Election to Exercise (an
 Election to Exercise substantially in the form attached to the Rights Certificate duly executed and properly completed,
accompanied by payment by certified or official bank check payable to the order of the Company, of a sum equal to the Exercise Price
multiplied by the number of Rights being exercised and a sum sufficient to cover any tax or charge that may be payable in respect of
any transfer involved in the transfer or delivery of Rights Certificates or the issuance or delivery of certificates (or, if uncertificated,
the registration on the stock transfer books of the Company) for shares or depositary receipts (or both) in a name other than that of
the holder of the Rights being exercised. 

(e)
Upon receipt of a Rights Certificate, with a duly executed and properly completed Election to Exercise accompanied by payment as set
forth in Section 2.3(d) , and subject to the terms and conditions hereof, the Rights Agent will thereupon promptly (i)(A) requisition
from the transfer agent for the Common Stock certificates evidencing such number of shares or other securities to be purchased or, in
the case of uncertificated shares or other securities, requisition from the transfer agent a notice setting forth such number of shares
or other securities to be purchased for which registration will be made on the stock transfer books of the Company (the Company hereby
irrevocably authorizing the transfer agent to comply with all such requisitions), and (B) if the Company elects pursuant to Section
5.5 not to issue certificates (or effect registrations on the stock transfer books of the Company) representing fractional shares,
requisition from the depositary selected by the Company depositary receipts representing the fractional shares to be purchased (the Company
hereby irrevocably authorizes each depositary to comply with all such requisitions) or, requisition from the Company the amount of monies
to be paid in lieu of fractional shares in accordance with Section 5.5 ; (ii) after receipt of such certificates, depositary receipts
and/or notices, cause the same to be delivered to or upon the order of the registered holder of such Rights Certificate, registered in
such name or names as may be designated by such holder; and (iii) when necessary to comply with this Agreement, after receipt, promptly
deliver such monies to or upon the order of the registered holder of such Rights Certificate. 

(f)
In case the holder of any Rights shall exercise less than all of the Rights evidenced by such holder s Rights Certificate, a new
Rights Certificate evidencing the Rights remaining unexercised will be issued by the Rights Agent to such holder or to such holder s
duly authorized assigns. 

(g)
The Company covenants and agrees that it will (i) take all such action as may be necessary to ensure that all shares delivered (or evidenced
by registration on the stock transfer books of the Company) upon exercise of Rights shall, at the time of delivery (or registration)
of such shares (subject to payment of the Exercise Price), be duly and validly authorized, executed, issued and delivered (or registered)
and fully paid and nonassessable; (ii) take all such action as may be necessary to comply with any applicable requirements of the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, and the rules and regulations thereunder, and any other applicable law, rule or regulation,
in connection with the issuance of any shares upon exercise of Rights; and (iii) pay when due and payable any and all taxes and charges
that may be payable in respect of the original issuance or delivery of the Rights Certificates or of any shares issued upon the exercise
of Rights; provided that the Company shall not be required to pay any tax or charge that may be payable in respect of any transfer
involved in the transfer or delivery of Rights Certificates or the issuance or delivery (or registration) of shares in a name other than
that of the holder of the Rights being transferred or exercised. 

(h)
Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, neither the Rights Agent nor the Company shall be obligated to undertake
any action with respect to the exercise or assignment of a Rights Certificate unless the registered holder of such Rights Certificate
shall have (i) duly executed and properly completed the certificate following the Form of Assignment or the Form of Election to Exercise,
as applicable, set forth on the reverse side of the Rights Certificate surrendered for such exercise or assignment; (ii) provided such
additional evidence of the identity of the Beneficial Owner (or former Beneficial Owner) thereof and of the Rights evidenced thereby,
and the Affiliates and Associates of such Beneficial Owner or former Beneficial Owner, as the Company or the Rights Agent may reasonably
request; and (iii) paid a sum sufficient to cover any tax or charge that may be imposed in connection with any transfer, split up, combination
or exchange of Right Certificates as required under Section 2.3(d) . 

8 

2.4
 Adjustments to Exercise Price; Number of Rights . (a) In the event that the Company shall at any time after the Record Time and
prior to the Separation Time (i) declare or pay a dividend on the Common Stock payable in Common Stock, (ii) subdivide the outstanding
Common Stock or (iii) combine the outstanding Common Stock into a smaller number of shares of Common Stock, (x) the Exercise Price in
effect after such adjustment will be equal to the Exercise Price in effect immediately prior to such adjustment divided by the number
of shares of Common Stock, including any fractional shares in lieu of which such holder received payment by check (the Expansion
Factor ), that a holder of one share of Common Stock immediately prior to such dividend, subdivision or combination would hold
thereafter as a result thereof, and (y) each Right held prior to such adjustment will become that number of Rights equal to the Expansion
Factor, and the adjusted number of Rights will be deemed to be distributed among the shares of Common Stock with respect to which the
original Rights were associated (if they remain outstanding) and the shares issued in respect of such dividend, subdivision or combination,
so that each such share of Common Stock will have exactly one Right associated with it. Each adjustment made pursuant to this paragraph
shall be made as of the payment or effective date for the applicable dividend, subdivision or combination. 

In
the event that the Company shall at any time after the Record Time and prior to the Separation Time issue any shares of Common Stock
otherwise than in a transaction referred to in the preceding paragraph, each such share of Common Stock so issued shall automatically
have one new Right associated with it, which Right shall be evidenced by the certificate representing such share (or, if the Common Stock
shall be uncertificated, such Right shall be evidenced by the registration of such Common Stock on the stock transfer books of the Company
and the confirmation thereof provided for in Section 2.2 ). Rights shall be issued by the Company in respect of shares of Common
Stock that are issued or sold by the Company after the Separation Time only to the extent provided in Section 5.3 . 

(b)
In the event that the Company shall at any time after the Record Time and prior to the Separation Time issue or distribute any securities
or assets in respect of, in lieu of or in exchange for the Common Stock (other than pursuant to any non-extraordinary periodic cash dividend
or a dividend paid solely in Common Stock), whether by dividend, in a reclassification or recapitalization (including, but not limited
to, any such transaction involving a merger, consolidation or statutory share exchange), or otherwise, the Company shall make such adjustments,
if any, in the Exercise Price, number of Rights and/or securities or other property purchasable upon exercise of Rights as the Board
of Directors, in its sole discretion, may deem to be appropriate under the circumstances in order to adequately protect the interests
of the holders of Rights generally, and the Company and the Rights Agent shall amend this Agreement as necessary to provide for such
adjustments. 

(c)
Each adjustment to the Exercise Price made pursuant to this Section 2.4 shall be calculated to the nearest cent. Whenever an adjustment
to the Exercise Price is made pursuant to this Section 2.4 , the Company shall (i) promptly prepare a certificate setting forth
such adjustment and a brief statement of the facts accounting for such adjustment, and (ii) promptly file with the Rights Agent and with
the transfer agent for the Common Stock a copy of such certificate. The Rights Agent shall be fully protected in relying on any such
certificate and on any adjustment or statement therein contained and shall have no duty or liability with respect to, and shall not be
deemed to have knowledge of, any adjustment or any such event unless and until it shall have received such a certificate. 

(d)
Rights Certificates shall represent the right to purchase the securities purchasable under the terms of this Agreement, including any
adjustment or change in the securities purchasable upon exercise of the Rights, even though such certificates may continue to express
the securities purchasable at the time of issuance of the initial Rights Certificates. 

2.5
 Date on Which Exercise is Effective . Each Person in whose name any certificate for shares is issued (or registration on the stock
transfer books is effected) upon the exercise of Rights shall for all purposes be deemed to have become the holder of record of the shares
represented thereby on the date upon which the Rights Certificate evidencing such Rights was duly surrendered and payment of the Exercise
Price for such Rights (and any applicable taxes and other governmental charges payable by the exercising holder hereunder) was made;
 provided , however , that if the date of such surrender and payment is a date upon which the stock transfer books of the
Company are closed, such Person shall be deemed to have become the record holder of such shares on, and such certificate (or registration)
shall be dated, the next succeeding Business Day on which the stock transfer books of the Company are open. 

9 

2.6
 Execution, Authentication, Delivery and Dating of Rights Certificates . (a) The Rights Certificates shall be executed on behalf
of the Company by its Chief Executive Officer or one of its Executive Vice Presidents and by its Secretary or one of its Assistant Secretaries.
The signature of any of these officers on the Rights Certificates may be manual or facsimile. 

Rights
Certificates bearing the manual or facsimile signatures of individuals who were at any time the proper officers of the Company shall
bind the Company, notwithstanding that such individuals or any of them have ceased to hold such offices prior to the countersignature
and delivery of such Rights Certificates. 

Promptly
after the Separation Time, the Company will notify in writing the Rights Agent of such Separation Time (and if such notification is given
orally, the Company shall confirm same in writing on or prior to the Business Day next following) and will deliver Rights Certificates
executed by the Company to the Rights Agent for countersignature, and, subject to Section 3.1(b) , the Rights Agent shall countersign
(either manually or by facsimile) and deliver such Rights Certificates to the holders of the Rights pursuant to Section 2.3(c) .
Until the written notice provided for in this Section 2.6 is received by the Rights Agent, the Rights Agent may presume conclusively
for all purposes that the Separation Time has not occurred. No Rights Certificate shall be valid for any purpose unless countersigned
(either manually or by facsimile) by the Rights Agent. 

(b)
Each Rights Certificate shall be dated the date of countersignature thereof. 

2.7
 Registration, Registration of Transfer and Exchange . (a) After the Separation Time, the Company will cause to be kept a register
(the Rights Register in which, subject to such reasonable regulations as it may prescribe, the Company will provide
for the registration and transfer of Rights. The Rights Agent is hereby appointed Rights Registrar for the purpose of maintaining
the Rights Register for the Company and registering Rights and transfers of Rights after the Separation Time as herein provided. In the
event that the Rights Agent shall cease to be the Rights Registrar, the Rights Agent will have the right to examine the Rights Register
at all reasonable times after the Separation Time. The Rights Certificates are transferable only on the Rights Register maintained by
the Rights Registrar. 

After
the Separation Time and prior to the Expiration Time, upon surrender for registration of transfer or exchange of any Rights Certificate,
and subject to the provisions of Sections 2.7(c) and (d) , the Company will execute, and the Rights Agent will countersign
and, if requested and provided with all necessary information, deliver, in the name of the holder or the designated transferee or transferees,
as required pursuant to the holder s instructions, one or more new Rights Certificates evidencing the same aggregate number of
Rights as did the Rights Certificate so surrendered. 

(b)
Except as otherwise provided in Section 3.1(b) , all Rights issued upon any registration of transfer or exchange of Rights Certificates
shall be the valid obligations of the Company, and such Rights shall be entitled to the same benefits under this Agreement as the Rights
surrendered upon such registration of transfer or exchange. 

(c)
Every Rights Certificate surrendered for registration of transfer or exchange shall be duly endorsed, or be accompanied by a written
instrument of transfer in form satisfactory to the Company or the Rights Agent, as the case may be, duly executed by the holder thereof
or such holder s attorney-in-fact duly authorized in writing. As a condition to the issuance of any new Rights Certificate under
this Section 2.7 , the Company may require the payment of a sum sufficient to cover any tax or other governmental charge that may
be imposed in relation thereto. The Rights Agent shall have no duty or obligation under any section of this Agreement that requires the
payment of taxes or charges unless and until it is satisfied that all such taxes and/or charges have been paid. 

10 

(d)
The Company shall not register the transfer or exchange of any Rights that have become null and void under Section 3.1(b) , been
exchanged under Section 3.1(c) or been redeemed under Section 5.1 . 

2.8
 Mutilated, Destroyed, Lost and Stolen Rights Certificates . (a) If any mutilated Rights Certificate is surrendered to the Rights
Agent prior to the Expiration Time, then, subject to Sections 3.1(b) , 3.1(c) and 5.1 , the Company shall execute
and the Rights Agent shall countersign and deliver in exchange therefor a new Rights Certificate evidencing the same number of Rights
as did the Rights Certificate so surrendered. 

(b)
If there shall be delivered to the Company and the Rights Agent prior to the Expiration Time (i) evidence to their satisfaction of the
destruction, loss or theft of any Rights Certificate, and (ii) such security or indemnity as may be required by them to hold each of
them and any of their agents harmless, then, subject to Sections 3.1(b) , 3.1(c) and 5.1 and in the absence of written
notice to the Company or the Rights Agent that such Rights Certificate has been acquired by a bona fide purchaser, the Company shall
execute and upon its written request the Rights Agent shall countersign and, if requested and provided with all necessary information,
deliver, in lieu of any such destroyed, lost or stolen Rights Certificate, a new Rights Certificate evidencing the same number of Rights
as did the Rights Certificate so destroyed, lost or stolen. 

(c)
As a condition to the issuance of any new Rights Certificate under this Section 2.8 , the Company may require the payment of a
sum sufficient to cover any tax or other governmental charge that may be imposed in relation thereto and any other expenses (including
the fees and expenses of the Rights Agent) connected therewith. 

(d)
Every new Rights Certificate issued pursuant to this Section 2.8 in lieu of any destroyed, lost or stolen Rights Certificate shall
evidence an original additional contractual obligation of the Company, whether or not the destroyed, lost or stolen Rights Certificate
shall be at any time enforceable by anyone, and, subject to Section 3.1(b) shall be entitled to all the benefits of this Agreement
equally and proportionately with any and all other Rights duly issued hereunder. 

2.9
 Persons Deemed Owners . Prior to due presentment of a Rights Certificate (or, prior to the Separation Time, the associated Common
Stock certificate or notice of transfer, if uncertificated) for registration of transfer, the Company, the Rights Agent and any agent
of the Company or the Rights Agent may deem and treat the Person in whose name such Rights Certificate (or, prior to the Separation Time,
such Common Stock certificate or Common Stock registration, if uncertificated) is registered as the absolute owner thereof and of the
Rights evidenced thereby for all purposes whatsoever, including the payment of the Redemption Price, and neither the Company nor the
Rights Agent shall be affected by any notice to the contrary. As used in this Agreement, unless the context otherwise requires, the term
 holder of any Rights shall mean the registered holder of such Rights (or, prior to the Separation Time, the associated
shares of Common Stock). 

2.10
 Delivery and Cancellation of Certificates . All Rights Certificates surrendered upon exercise or for registration of transfer or
exchange shall, if surrendered to any Person other than the Rights Agent, be delivered to the Rights Agent and, in any case, shall be
promptly cancelled by the Rights Agent. The Company may at any time deliver to the Rights Agent for cancellation any Rights Certificates
previously countersigned and delivered hereunder that the Company may have acquired in any manner whatsoever, and all Rights Certificates
so delivered shall be promptly cancelled by the Rights Agent. No Rights Certificates shall be countersigned in lieu of or in exchange
for any Rights Certificates cancelled as provided in this Section 2.10 , except as expressly permitted by this Agreement. The Rights
Agent shall destroy all cancelled Rights Certificates and deliver to the Company a certificate attesting to such destruction. 

2.11
 Agreement of Rights Holders . Every holder of Rights by accepting the Rights consents and agrees with the Company and the Rights
Agent and with every other holder of Rights that: 

11 

(a)
prior to the Separation Time, each Right will be transferable only together with, and will be transferred by a transfer of, the associated
share of Common Stock; 

(b)
as of and after the Separation Time, the Rights Certificates will be transferable only on the Rights Register as provided herein; 

(c)
prior to due presentment of a Rights Certificate (or, prior to the Separation Time, the associated Common Stock certificate or Common
Stock registration, if uncertificated) for registration of transfer, the Company, the Rights Agent and any agent of the Company or the
Rights Agent may deem and treat the Person in whose name the Rights Certificate (or, prior to the Separation Time, the associated Common
Stock certificate or Common Stock registration, if uncertificated) is registered as the absolute owner thereof and of the Rights evidenced
thereby for all purposes whatsoever, and neither the Company nor the Rights Agent shall be affected by any notice to the contrary; 

(d)
Rights that are Beneficially Owned by certain Persons will, under the circumstances set forth in Section 3.1(b) , become null and
void; 

(e)
this Agreement may be supplemented or amended from time to time in accordance with its terms; 

(f)
the Board of Directors shall have the exclusive power and authority delegated to it pursuant to Section 5.14 ; and 

(g)
notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, neither the Company nor the Rights Agent shall have any liability to any
holder of a Right or other Person as a result of its inability to perform any of its obligations under this Agreement by reason of any
preliminary or permanent injunction or other order, decree or ruling issued by a court of competent jurisdiction or by a governmental,
regulatory or administrative agency or commission, or any statute, rule, regulation or executive order promulgated or enacted by any
governmental authority, prohibiting or otherwise restraining performance of such obligation; provided , however , that the
Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to have any such order, decree or ruling lifted or otherwise overturned as soon as possible. 

ARTICLE
III 

ADJUSTMENTS
TO THE RIGHTS IN 

THE
EVENT OF CERTAIN TRANSACTIONS 

3.1
 Flip-in . (a) In the event that prior to the Expiration Time a Flip-in Date shall occur, except as otherwise provided in this Section
3.1 , each Right shall constitute the right to purchase from the Company, upon exercise thereof in accordance with the terms hereof
(but subject to Section 5.10 ), that number of shares of Common Stock having an aggregate Market Price on the Stock Acquisition
Date that gave rise to the Flip-in Date equal to twice the Exercise Price for a purchase price, payable as set forth in Section 2.3(c)
equal to the Exercise Price (such right to be appropriately adjusted in order to protect the interests of the holders of Rights generally
in the event that on or after such Stock Acquisition Date any of the events described in Section 2.4(a) or (b) , or any
analogous event, shall have occurred with respect to the Common Stock). The foregoing notwithstanding, Rights shall not be exercisable
pursuant to this Section 3.1 unless and until the Separation Time shall have occurred. 

(b)
Notwithstanding the foregoing, any Rights that are or were Beneficially Owned on or after the Stock Acquisition Date by (i) an Acquiring
Person or an Affiliate or Associate thereof, (ii) a transferee of an Acquiring Person or an Affiliate or Associate thereof who becomes
a transferee after the Acquiring Person becomes such, or (iii) a transferee of an Acquiring Person or an Affiliate or Associate thereof
who becomes a transferee prior to or concurrently with the Acquiring Person becoming such and receives such Rights pursuant to either
(A) a transfer (whether or not for consideration) from the Acquiring Person to holders of equity interests in such Acquiring Person or
to any Person with whom the Acquiring Person has any continuing agreement, arrangement or understanding, whether or not in writing, regarding
the transferred Rights, or (B) a transfer which the Board of Directors has determined is part of a plan, arrangement or understanding
which has as a primary purpose or effect the avoidance of this Section 3.1(b) , shall become null and void and any holder of such
Rights (including transferees, whether direct or indirect, of any such Persons) shall thereafter have no right to exercise or transfer
such Rights under any provision of this Agreement. If any Rights Certificate is presented for assignment or exercise and the Person presenting
the same will not complete the certification set forth at the end of the Form of Assignment or Form of Notice of Election to Exercise
or, if requested, will not provide such additional evidence, including, but not limited to, the identity of the Beneficial Owners and
their Affiliates and Associates (or former Beneficial Owners and their Affiliates and Associates) as the Company shall reasonably request
in order to determine if such Rights are null and void, then the Company shall be entitled conclusively to deem the Rights to be Beneficially
Owned by an Acquiring Person or an Affiliate or Associate thereof or a transferee of any of the foregoing and accordingly will deem the
Rights evidenced thereby to be null and void and not transferable, exercisable or exchangeable. The Company shall use all reasonable
efforts to insure that the provisions of this Section 3.1(b) are complied with, but shall have no liability to any holder of Rights
or any other Person as a result of its failure to make any determinations with respect to an Acquiring Person or any of its Affiliates,
Associates or their respective transferees hereunder. 

12 

(c)
The Board of Directors may, at its option, at any time after a Flip-in Date and prior to the time that an Acquiring Person, together
with all Affiliates and Associates of such Person, becomes the Beneficial Owner of more than 50 of the outstanding shares of Common
Stock, elect to exchange all (but not less than all) of the then outstanding Rights (which shall not include Rights that have become
null and void pursuant to the provisions of Section 3.1(b) for shares of Common Stock at an exchange ratio of one share of Common
Stock per Right, appropriately adjusted in order to protect the interests of holders of Rights generally in the event that after the
Separation Time any of the events described in Section 2.4(a) or (b) , or any analogous event, shall have occurred with
respect to the Common Stock (such exchange ratio, as adjusted from time to time, being hereinafter referred to as the Exchange
Ratio ). 

Immediately
upon the action of the Board of Directors electing to exchange the Rights, without any further action and without any notice, the right
to exercise the Rights will terminate and each Right (other than Rights that have become null and void pursuant to Section 3.1(b) ),
whether or not previously exercised, will thereafter represent only the right to receive a number of shares of Common Stock equal to
the Exchange Ratio. The exchange of the Rights by the Board of Directors may be made effective at such time, on such basis and with such
conditions as the Board of Directors in its sole discretion may establish. Promptly after the action of the Board of Directors electing
to exchange the Rights, the Company shall give written notice thereof (specifying the steps to be taken to receive shares of Common Stock
in exchange for Rights) to the Rights Agent and the holders of the Rights (other than Rights that have become null and void pursuant
to Section 3.1(b) outstanding immediately prior thereto by mailing such notice in accordance with Section 5.9 ; provided ,
 however , that the failure to give, or any defect in, such notice shall not affect the validity of such exchange. Following the
action of the Board of Directors ordering the exchange of any Rights pursuant to this Section 3.1(c) , the Company may implement
such procedures as it deems appropriate, in its sole discretion, for the purpose of ensuring that the Common Stock (or such other consideration)
issuable upon an exchange pursuant to this Section 3.1(c) is not received by holders of Rights that have become null and void
pursuant to Section 3.1(b) . Before effecting an exchange pursuant to this Section 3.1(c) , the Board of Directors may direct
the Company to enter into a Trust Agreement in such form and with such terms as the Board of Directors shall then approve (the Trust
Agreement ). If the Board of Directors so directs, the Company shall enter into the Trust Agreement and shall issue to the
trust created by such agreement (the Trust all or a portion (as designated by the Board of Directors) of the shares
of Common Stock (or other securities) issuable pursuant to the exchange, and all holders of Rights entitled to receive such shares or
securities pursuant to the exchange shall be entitled to receive such shares or securities (and any dividends paid or distributions made
thereon after the date on which such shares are deposited in the Trust) only from the Trust and solely upon compliance with the relevant
terms and provisions of the Trust Agreement. Prior to effecting an exchange and registering shares of Common Stock (or other such securities)
in any Person s name, including any nominee or transferee of a Person, the Company may require (or cause the trustee of the Trust
to require), as a condition thereof, that any holder of Rights provide evidence, including, but not limited to, the identity of the Beneficial
Owners thereof and their Affiliates and Associates (or former Beneficial Owners thereof and their Affiliates and Associates) as the Company
shall reasonably request in order to determine if such Rights are null and void. If any Person shall fail to comply with such request,
the Company shall be entitled conclusively to deem the Rights formerly held by such Person to be null and void pursuant to Section
3.1(b) and not transferable or exercisable or exchangeable in connection herewith. Any shares of Common Stock or other securities
issued at the direction of the Board of Directors in connection herewith shall be validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable shares
of Common Stock or of such other securities (as the case may be), and the Company shall be deemed to have received as consideration for
such issuance a benefit having a value that is at least equal to the aggregate par value of the shares so issued. 

13 

Each
Person in whose name any certificate for such shares is issued (or for whom any registration on the stock transfer books of the Company
is made) upon the exchange of Rights pursuant to Section 3.1(c) or (d) shall for all purposes be deemed to have become
the holder of record of the shares represented thereby on, and such certificate (or registration on the stock transfer books of the Company)
shall be dated (or registered) as of, the date upon which the Rights Certificate evidencing such Rights was duly exchanged (or deemed
exchanged by the Company) and payment of any applicable taxes and other governmental charges payable by the holder was made; provided ,
 however , that if the date of such exchange and payment is a date upon which the stock transfer books of the Company are closed,
such Person shall be deemed to have become the record holder of such shares on, and such certificate (or registration on the stock transfer
books of the Company) shall be dated (or registered) as of the next succeeding Business Day on which the stock transfer books of the
Company are open. 

(d)
In the event that there shall not be sufficient treasury shares or authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock to permit the exercise
in full of the Rights in accordance with Section 3.1(a) (or, if the Company so elects to make the exchange referred to in Section
3.1(c) , to permit the issuance of all shares pursuant to the exchange), the Company shall either (i) call a meeting of stockholders
seeking approval to cause sufficient additional shares to be authorized provided that if such approval is not obtained the Company
will take the action specified in clause (ii) of this sentence) or (ii) take such action as shall be necessary to ensure and provide,
as and when and to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law and without exposing directors to personal liability in connection
therewith (as determined by the Board of Directors) and any agreements or instruments in effect on the Stock Acquisition Date (and remaining
in effect) to which it is a party, that each Right shall thereafter constitute the right to receive (x) in the case of any exercise in
accordance with Section 3.1(a) , at the Company s option as determined by the Board of Directors, either (A) in return for
the Exercise Price, debt or equity securities or other assets (or a combination thereof) having a fair value equal to twice the Exercise
Price, or (B) without payment of consideration (except as may be required for the valid issuance of securities or otherwise required
by applicable law), debt or equity securities or other assets (or a combination thereof) having a fair value equal to the Exercise Price,
or (y) in the case of an exchange of Rights in accordance with Section 3.1(c) , debt or equity securities or other assets (or a
combination thereof) having a fair value equal to the product of the Market Price of a share of Common Stock on the Flip-in Date multiplied
by the Exchange Ratio in effect on the Flip-in Date, where, in the case of (x) or (y) above, the fair value of such debt
or equity securities or other assets (or a combination thereof) shall be as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors. 

3.2
 Flip-over . (a) Prior to the Expiration Time, the Company shall not enter into any agreement with respect to, consummate or permit
to occur any Flip-over Transaction or Event unless and until it shall have entered into a supplemental agreement with the Flip-over Entity,
for the benefit of the holders of the Rights (the terms of which shall be reflected in an amendment to this Agreement entered into with
the Rights Agent), providing that, upon consummation or occurrence of the Flip-over Transaction or Event, (i) each Right shall thereafter
constitute the right to purchase from the Flip-over Entity, upon exercise thereof in accordance with the terms hereof, that number of
shares of Flip-over Stock of the Flip-over Entity having an aggregate Market Price on the date of consummation or occurrence of such
Flip-over Transaction or Event equal to twice the Exercise Price for a purchase price, payable as set forth in Section 2.3(c), equal
to the Exercise Price (such right to be appropriately adjusted in order to protect the interests of the holders of Rights generally in
the event that after such date of consummation or occurrence any of the events described in Section 2.4(a) or (b) , or any
analogous event, shall have occurred with respect to the Flip-over Stock), and (ii) the Flip-over Entity shall thereafter be liable for,
and shall assume, by virtue of such Flip-over Transaction or Event and such supplemental agreement, all the obligations and duties of
the Company pursuant to this Agreement. 

(b)
Prior to the Expiration Time, unless the Rights are redeemed pursuant to Section 5.1 pursuant to an agreement entered into by
the Company prior to a Flip-in Date, the Company shall not enter into any agreement with respect to, consummate or permit to occur any
Flip-over Transaction or Event if (i) at the time thereof there are any rights, warrants or securities outstanding or any other arrangements,
agreements or instruments that would eliminate or otherwise diminish in any material respect the benefits intended to be afforded by
this Rights Agreement to the holders of Rights upon consummation of such transaction; (ii) prior to, simultaneously with or immediately
after such Flip-over Transaction or Event, the stockholders of the Person who constitutes, or would constitute, the Flip-over Entity
shall have received a distribution of Rights previously owned by such Person or any of its Affiliates or Associates; or (iii) the form
or nature of organization of the Flip-over Entity would preclude or limit the exercisability of the Rights. 

14 

(c)
The provisions of this Section 3.2 shall apply to successive Flip-over Transactions or Events. 

ARTICLE
IV 

THE
RIGHTS AGENT 

4.1
 General . (a) The Company hereby appoints the Rights Agent to act as agent for the Company in accordance with the express terms
and conditions hereof (and no implied terms or conditions), and the Rights Agent hereby accepts such appointment. The Company agrees
to pay to the Rights Agent reasonable compensation for all services rendered by it hereunder and, from time to time, on demand of the
Rights Agent, including but not limited to reasonable fees and expenses of its counsel and other disbursements incurred in connection
with the preparation, negotiation, delivery, amendment, administration and execution of this Agreement and the exercise and performance
of its duties hereunder. The Company also agrees to indemnify the Rights Agent for, and to hold it harmless against, any loss, liability,
damage, judgment, fine, penalty, claim, demand, settlement, cost or expense (including, but not limited to, the reasonable fees and expenses
of legal counsel) incurred without gross negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct on the part of the Rights Agent for any action taken,
suffered, or omitted to be taken by the Rights Agent in connection with the acceptance and administration of this Agreement, or in the
exercise or performance of its duties hereunder, including, but not limited to, the costs and expenses of defending against any claim
of liability. The costs and expenses of enforcing this right of indemnification shall also be paid by the Company. The provisions of
this Section 4.1 and Section 4.3 (including the provisions relating to indemnification of the Rights Agent) shall survive
the termination of this Agreement, the exercise or expiration of the Rights and the resignation, replacement or removal of the Rights
Agent hereunder, including, but not limited to, the reasonable costs and expenses of defending against a claim of liability hereunder.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, any references in this Agreement to the Rights Agent s gross negligence,
bad faith, or willful misconduct shall be deemed to be as determined by a final, non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction. 

(b)
The Rights Agent may conclusively rely upon and shall be protected and shall incur no liability for or in respect of any action taken,
suffered or omitted to be taken by it in connection with its acceptance and administration of this Agreement and the exercise and performance
of its duties hereunder in reliance upon any certificate for securities (or registration on the stock transfer books of the Company)
purchasable upon exercise of Rights, Rights Certificate, certificate for other securities of the Company, instrument of assignment or
transfer, power of attorney, endorsement, affidavit, letter, notice, direction, consent, certificate, statement, or other paper or document
believed by it to be genuine and to be signed, executed and, where necessary, verified or acknowledged, by the proper Person or Persons,
or otherwise upon the advice of counsel as set forth in Section 4.3 . The Rights Agent shall not be deemed to have knowledge of
any event of which it was supposed to receive notice thereof hereunder, and the Rights Agent shall be fully protected and shall incur
no liability for failing to take any action in connection therewith, unless and until it has received such notice. 

4.2
 Merger or Consolidation or Change of Name of Rights Agent . (a) Any Person into which the Rights Agent or any successor Rights
Agent may be merged or with which it may be consolidated, or any Person resulting from any merger or consolidation to which the Rights
Agent or any successor Rights Agent is a party, or any Person succeeding to the stockholder services business of the Rights Agent or
any successor Rights Agent, will be the successor to the Rights Agent under this Agreement without the execution or filing of any paper
or any further act on the part of any of the parties hereto, provided that such Person would be eligible for appointment as a successor
Rights Agent under the provisions of Section 4.4 . If at the time such successor Rights Agent succeeds to the agency created by
this Agreement any of the Rights Certificates have been countersigned but not delivered, any such successor Rights Agent may adopt the
countersignature of the predecessor Rights Agent and deliver such Rights Certificates so countersigned; and if at that time any of the
Rights Certificates have not been countersigned, any successor Rights Agent may countersign such Rights Certificates either in the name
of the predecessor Rights Agent or in the name of the successor Rights Agent, and in all such cases such Rights Certificates will have
the full force and effect provided in the Rights Certificates and in this Agreement. 

15 

(b)
If at any time the name of the Rights Agent is changed and at such time any of the Rights Certificates shall have been countersigned
but not delivered, the Rights Agent may adopt the countersignature under its prior name and deliver Rights Certificates so countersigned,
and if at that time any of the Rights Certificates shall not have been countersigned, the Rights Agent may countersign such Rights Certificates
either in its prior name or in its changed name, and in all such cases such Rights Certificates shall have the full force and effect
provided in the Rights Certificates and in this Agreement. 

4.3
 Duties of Rights Agent . The Rights Agent undertakes to perform only the duties and obligations expressly imposed by this Agreement
(and no implied duties or obligations) upon the following terms and conditions, all of which the Company and the holders of Rights Certificates,
by their acceptance thereof, shall be bound: 

(a)
The Rights Agent may consult with legal counsel (who may be legal counsel for the Company and/or an employee of the Rights Agent), and
the advice or opinion of such counsel will be full and complete authorization and protection to the Rights Agent, and the Rights Agent
shall incur no liability for or in respect of any action taken, suffered, or omitted to be taken by it in accordance with such advice
or opinion. 

(b)
Whenever in the performance of its duties under this Agreement the Rights Agent deems it necessary or desirable that any fact or matter
be proved or established by the Company prior to taking, suffering or omitting to take any action hereunder, such fact or matter (unless
other evidence in respect thereof be herein specifically prescribed) may be deemed to be conclusively proved and established by a certificate
signed by a person believed by the Rights Agent to be the Chief Executive Officer or any Executive Vice President and by the Treasurer
or any Assistant Treasurer or the Secretary or any Assistant Secretary of the Company and delivered to the Rights Agent, and such certificate
will be full and complete authorization and protection to the Rights Agent, and the Rights Agent shall incur no liability for or in respect
of any action taken, suffered or omitted to be taken by it under the provisions of this Agreement in reliance upon such certificate. 

(c)
The Rights Agent will be liable hereunder to the Company and any other Person only for its own gross negligence, bad faith or willful
misconduct. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, in no event shall the Rights Agent be liable for special, punitive,
indirect, incidental or consequential loss or damage of any kind whatsoever (including but not limited to lost profits), even if the
Rights Agent has been advised of the likelihood of such loss or damage and regardless of the form of the action. 

(d)
The Rights Agent will not be liable for or by reason of any of the statements of fact or recitals contained in this Agreement or in the
certificates, if any, for securities purchasable upon exercise of Rights or the Rights Certificates (except its countersignature thereof)
or be required to verify the same, and all such statements and recitals are and will be deemed to have been made by the Company only. 

(e)
The Rights Agent shall not have any liability for or be under any responsibility in respect of the validity of this Agreement or the
execution and delivery hereof (except the due authorization, execution and delivery hereof by the Rights Agent) or in respect of the
validity or execution of any certificate, if any, for securities purchasable upon exercise of Rights or Rights Certificate (except its
countersignature thereof); nor will it be responsible for any breach by the Company of any covenant or failure by the Company to satisfy
conditions contained in this Agreement or in any Rights Certificate; nor will it be responsible for any change in the exercisability
or exchangeability of the Rights (including, but not limited to, the Rights becoming null and void pursuant to Section 3.1(b) or any change or adjustment in the terms of the Rights (including, but not limited to, any adjustment required under the provisions of
 Section 2.4 , 3.1 or 3.2 or responsible for the manner, method or amount of any such adjustment or the ascertaining
of the existence of facts that would require any such adjustment (except with respect to the exercise of Rights evidenced by Right Certificates
after receipt of a certificate furnished pursuant to Section 2.4 , describing any such change or adjustment, upon which the Rights
Agent may rely); nor will it by any act hereunder be deemed to make any representation or warranty as to the authorization or reservation
of any securities purchasable upon exercise of Rights or any Rights Certificate or as to whether any securities purchasable upon exercise
of Rights will, when issued, be duly and validly authorized, executed, issued and delivered and fully paid and nonassessable. 

16 

(f)
The Company agrees that it will perform, execute, acknowledge and deliver, or cause to be performed, executed, acknowledged and delivered,
all such further and other acts, instruments and assurances as may reasonably be required by the Rights Agent for the carrying out or
performing by the Rights Agent of its duties under this Agreement. 

(g)
The Rights Agent is hereby authorized and directed to accept instructions with respect to the performance of its duties hereunder from
any person believed by the Rights Agent to be the Chief Executive Officer, any Executive Vice President or the Secretary or any Assistant
Secretary or the Treasurer or any Assistant Treasurer of the Company, and to apply to such persons for advice or instructions in connection
with its duties, and such instructions shall be full authorization and protection to the Rights Agent and the Rights Agent shall not
be liable for any action taken, suffered or omitted to be taken by it in accordance with instructions of any such person. The Rights
Agent shall be fully authorized and protected in relying upon the most recent instructions received by any such officer. Any application
by the Rights Agent for written instructions from the Company may, at the option of the Rights Agent, set forth in writing any action
proposed to be taken, suffered or omitted to be taken by the Rights Agent under this Agreement and the date on or after which such action
shall be taken, suffered or such omission shall be effective. The Rights Agent shall not be liable for any action taken or suffered by,
or omission of, the Rights Agent in accordance with a proposal included in any such application on or after the date specified in such
application (which date shall not be less than ten Business Days after, but not including, the date that any officer of the Company actually
receives such application, unless any such officer shall have consented in writing to an earlier date) unless, prior to taking any such
action (or the effective date in the case of an omission), the Rights Agent shall have received, in response to such application, written
instructions with respect to the proposed action or omission specifying a different action to be taken, suffered or omitted to be taken. 

(h)
The Rights Agent and any stockholder, Affiliate, director, officer, agent or employee of the Rights Agent (in each case, other than an
Acquiring Person) may buy, sell or deal in Common Stock, Rights or other securities of the Company or become pecuniarily interested in
any transaction in which the Company may be interested, or contract with or lend money to the Company or otherwise act as fully and freely
as though it were not Rights Agent under this Agreement. Nothing herein shall preclude the Rights Agent or any such stockholder, Affiliate,
director, officer, agent or employee from acting in any other capacity for the Company or for any other Person. 

(i)
The Rights Agent may execute and exercise any of the rights or powers hereby vested in it or perform any duty hereunder either itself
or by or through its attorneys or agents, and the Rights Agent will not be answerable or accountable for any act, default, neglect or
misconduct of any such attorneys or agents or for any loss to the Company or any other Person resulting from any such act, default, neglect
or misconduct, absent gross negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct in the selection and continued employment thereof. 

(j)
If, with respect to any Rights Certificate surrendered to the Rights Agent for exercise or transfer, the certificate attached to the
form of assignment or form of election to purchase, as the case may be, has not been completed, the Rights Agent shall not take any further
action with respect to such requested exercise or transfer without first consulting with the Company. 

(k)
No provision of this Agreement shall require the Rights Agent to expend or risk its own funds or otherwise incur any financial liability
in the performance of any of its duties hereunder or in the exercise of its rights if it reasonably believes, after consultation with
counsel, that repayment of such funds or adequate indemnification against such risk or liability is not assured to it. 

17 

4.4
 Change of Rights Agent . The Rights Agent may resign and be discharged from its duties under this Agreement upon 60 days 
notice (or such lesser notice as is acceptable to the Company) in writing mailed to the Company and to each transfer agent of Common
Stock known to the Rights Agent by registered or certified mail, and to the holders of the Rights in accordance with Section 5.9 .
The Company may remove the Rights Agent upon 30 days notice in writing, mailed to the Rights Agent and to each transfer agent
of the Common Stock by registered or certified mail, and to the holders of the Rights in accordance with Section 5.9 . If the Rights
Agent should resign or be removed or otherwise become incapable of acting, the Company will appoint a successor to the Rights Agent.
If the Company fails to make such appointment within a period of 30 days after giving notice of such removal or after it has been notified
in writing of such resignation or incapacity by the resigning or incapacitated Rights Agent or by the holder of any Rights (which holder
shall, with such notice, submit such holder s Rights Certificate for inspection by the Company), then the holder of any Rights
or the Rights Agent may apply to any court of competent jurisdiction for the appointment of a new Rights Agent. Any successor Rights
Agent, whether appointed by the Company or by such a court, shall be (A) a Person organized and doing business under the laws of the
United States or any state of the United States, in good standing, which is authorized under such laws to exercise the powers of the
Rights Agent contemplated by this Agreement and is subject to supervision or examination by federal or state authority or (B) an Affiliate
of a Person described in clause (A) of this sentence. After appointment, the successor Rights Agent will be vested with the same powers,
rights, duties and responsibilities as if it had been originally named as Rights Agent without further act or deed, and the predecessor
Rights Agent shall deliver and transfer to the successor Rights Agent any property at the time held by it hereunder, and execute and
deliver any further assurance, conveyance, act or deed necessary for the purpose. Not later than the effective date of any such appointment,
the Company will file notice thereof in writing with the predecessor Rights Agent and each transfer agent of the Common Stock. Failure
to give any notice provided for in this Section 4.4 , however, or any defect therein, shall not affect the legality or validity
of the resignation or removal of the Rights Agent or the appointment of the successor Rights Agent, as the case may be. 

ARTICLE
V 

MISCELLANEOUS 

5.1
 Redemption . (a) The Board of Directors may, at its option, at any time prior to the Separation Time elect to redeem all (but not
less than all) of the then outstanding Rights at the Redemption Price and the Company, at its option, may pay the Redemption Price either
by check or in shares of Common Stock or other securities of the Company deemed by the Board of Directors, in its sole discretion, to
be at least equivalent in value to the Redemption Price. 

(b)
Immediately upon the action of the Board of Directors electing to redeem the Rights pursuant to Section 5.1(a) (or, if the resolution
of the Board of Directors electing to redeem the Rights states that the redemption will not be effective until the occurrence of a specified
future time or event, upon the occurrence of such future time or event), without any further action and without any notice, the right
to exercise the Rights will terminate and each Right, whether or not previously exercised, will thereafter represent only the right to
receive the Redemption Price by check or in securities, as determined by the Board of Directors. Promptly after the Rights are redeemed,
the Company shall give notice of such redemption to the Rights Agent and the holders of the then outstanding Rights by mailing such notice
in accordance with Section 5.9 . 

5.2
 Expiration . The Rights and this Agreement shall expire at the Expiration Time and no Person shall have any rights pursuant to
this Agreement or any Right after the Expiration Time, except, if the Rights have been exchanged or redeemed, as provided in Section
3.1 or 5.1 , respectively. 

5.3
 Issuance of New Rights Certificates . Notwithstanding any of the provisions of this Agreement or of the Rights to the contrary,
the Company may, at its option, issue new Rights Certificates evidencing Rights in such form as may be approved by the Board of Directors
to reflect any adjustment or change in the number or kind or class of shares of stock purchasable upon exercise of Rights made in accordance
with the provisions of this Agreement. In addition, in connection with the issuance or sale of shares of Common Stock by the Company
following the Separation Time and prior to the Expiration Time pursuant to the terms of securities convertible or redeemable into shares
of Common Stock (other than any securities issued or issuable in connection with the exercise or exchange of Rights) or to options, in
each case issued or granted prior to, and outstanding at, the Separation Time, the Company shall issue to the holders of such shares
of Common Stock, Rights Certificates representing the appropriate number of Rights in connection with the issuance or sale of such shares
of Common Stock; provided , however , that, in each case, (i) no such Rights Certificate shall be issued if, and to the extent
that, the Company shall be advised by counsel that such issuance would create a significant risk of material adverse tax consequences
to the Company or to the Person to whom such Rights Certificates would be issued, (ii) no such Rights Certificates shall be issued if,
and to the extent that, appropriate adjustment shall have otherwise been made in lieu of the issuance thereof, and (iii) the Company
shall have no obligation to distribute Rights Certificates to any Acquiring Person or Affiliate or Associate of an Acquiring Person or
any transferee of any of the foregoing. 

18 

5.4
 Supplements and Amendments . The Company and the Rights Agent may from time to time supplement or amend this Agreement without
the approval of any holders of Rights (i) prior to the Separation Time, in any respect, and (ii) on or after the Separation Time, to
make any changes that the Company may deem necessary or desirable (x) that shall not materially adversely affect the interests of the
holders of Rights generally (other than the Acquiring Person or any Affiliate or Associate thereof) or (y) in order to cure any ambiguity
or to correct or supplement any provision contained herein that may be inconsistent with any other provisions herein or otherwise defective,
including, but not limited to, any change in order to satisfy any applicable law, rule or regulation, including, but not limited to,
any Trading Regulation on any applicable exchange so as to allow trading of the Company s securities thereon. Any supplement or
amendment authorized by this Section 5.4 will be evidenced by a writing signed by the Company and the Rights Agent. The Rights
Agent will duly execute and deliver any supplement or amendment hereto requested by the Company in writing; provided that the
Company has delivered to the Rights Agent a certificate from an appropriate officer of the Company that states that the proposed supplement
or amendment complies with the terms of this Agreement. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, the Rights Agent
may, but shall not be obligated to enter into any supplement or amendment that affects the Rights Agent s own rights, duties, immunities
or obligations under this Agreement. 

5.5
 Fractional Shares . If the Company elects not to issue certificates representing (or register on the stock transfer books of the
Company) fractional shares upon exercise, redemption or exchange of Rights, the Company shall, in lieu thereof, in the sole discretion
of the Board of Directors, either (a) evidence such fractional shares by depositary receipts issued pursuant to an appropriate agreement
between the Company and a depositary selected by it providing that each holder of a depositary receipt shall have all of the rights,
privileges and preferences to which such holder would be entitled as a beneficial owner of such fractional share, or (b) pay to the registered
holder of such Rights the appropriate fraction of the Market Price per share by check. Whenever a payment for fractional Rights or fractional
shares of Common Stock is to be made by the Rights Agent, the Company shall promptly prepare and deliver to the Rights Agent a certificate
setting forth in reasonable detail the facts related to such payments and the prices and/or formulas utilized in calculating such payments,
and provide sufficient monies to the Rights Agent in the form of fully collected funds to make such payments. The Rights Agent shall
be fully protected in relying upon such certificate and shall have no duty with respect to, and shall not be deemed to have knowledge
of any payment for fractional Rights or fractional shares or Common Stock under any section of this Agreement relating to the payment
of fractional Rights or fractional shares of Common Stock unless and until the Rights Agent shall have received such a certificate and
sufficient monies. 

5.6
 Rights of Action . Subject to the terms of this Agreement, rights of action in respect of this Agreement, other than rights of
action vested solely in the Rights Agent, the Board of Directors or the Company, are vested in the respective holders of the Rights;
and any holder of any Rights, without the consent of the Rights Agent or of the holder of any other Rights, may, on such holder s
own behalf and for such holder s own benefit and the benefit of other holders of Rights, enforce, and may institute and maintain
any suit, action or proceeding against the Company to enforce, or otherwise act in respect of, such holder s right to exercise
such holder s Rights in the manner provided in such holder s Rights Certificate and in this Agreement. Without limiting the
foregoing or any remedies available to the holders of Rights, it is specifically acknowledged that the holders of Rights would not have
an adequate remedy at law for any breach of this Agreement and will be entitled to specific performance of the obligations under, and
injunctive relief against actual or threatened violations of the obligations of any Person subject to, this Agreement. 

19 

5.7
 Holder of Rights Not Deemed a Stockholder . No holder, as such, of any Rights shall be entitled to vote, receive dividends or be
deemed for any purpose to be the holder of shares or any other securities that may at any time be issuable on the exercise of such Rights,
nor shall anything contained herein or in any Rights Certificate be construed to confer upon the holder of any Rights, as such, any of
the rights of a stockholder of the Company or any right to vote for the election of directors or upon any matter submitted to stockholders
at any meeting thereof, or to give or withhold consent to any corporate action, or to receive notice of meetings or other actions affecting
stockholders (except as provided in Section 5.8 ), or to receive dividends or subscription rights, or otherwise, until such Rights
shall have been exercised or exchanged in accordance with the provisions hereof. 

5.8
 Notice of Proposed Actions . In case the Company shall propose at or after the Separation Time and prior to the Expiration Time
(i) to effect or permit a Flip-over Transaction or Event or (ii) to effect the liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company,
then, in each such case, the Company shall give to each holder of a Right, in accordance with Section 5.9 , and to the Rights Agent
a written notice of such proposed action, which shall specify the date on which such Flip-over Transaction or Event, liquidation, dissolution,
or winding up is to take place, and such notice shall be so given at least 20 Business Days prior to, but not including, the date of
the taking of such proposed action. 

5.9
 Notices . Notices or demands authorized or required by this Agreement to be given or made by the Rights Agent or by the holder
of any Rights to or on the Company shall be sufficiently given or made if delivered or sent by recognized national overnight delivery
service or first-class mail, postage prepaid, addressed (until another address is filed in writing with the Rights Agent) as follows: 

Research
Frontiers Incorporated 

240
Crossways Park Drive 

Woodbury
NY 11797-2033 

Attention:
President 

Subject
to the provisions of Section 4.4 , any notice or demand authorized or required by this Agreement to be given or made by the Company
or by the holder of any Rights to or on the Rights Agent shall be sufficiently given or made if delivered or sent by recognized national
overnight delivery service or first-class mail, postage prepaid, addressed (until another address is filed in writing with the Company)
as follows: 

Continental
Stock Transfer Trust Company 

1
State Street, 30th Floor 

New
York, NY 10004 

Attention:
Compliance Department 

(212)
509-4000 

Notices
or demands authorized or required by this Agreement to be given or made by the Company or the Rights Agent to or on the holder of any
Rights shall be sufficiently given or made if delivered or sent by first-class mail, postage prepaid, addressed to such holder at the
address of such holder as it appears upon the registry books of the Rights Agent or, prior to the Separation Time, on the registry books
of the transfer agent for the Common Stock. Any notice that is mailed in the manner herein provided shall be deemed given, whether or
not the holder receives the notice. 

5.10
 Suspension of Exercisability or Exchangeability . Notwithstanding any provisions in this Agreement to the contrary, to the extent
that the Board of Directors determines in good faith that some action will or need be taken pursuant to, or in order to properly give
effect to, Sections 2.3 , 3.1 or 4.4 or to comply with federal or state securities laws or applicable Trading Regulations,
the Company may suspend the exercisability or exchangeability of the Rights for a reasonable period sufficient to allow it to take such
action or comply with such laws or Trading Regulations. In the event of any such suspension, the Company shall issue as promptly as practicable
a public announcement (with prompt written notice to the Rights Agent) stating that the exercisability or exchangeability of the Rights
has been temporarily suspended. Notice thereof pursuant to Section 5.9 shall not be required. Upon such suspension, any rights
of action vested in a holder of Rights shall be similarly suspended. 

20 

Failure
to give a notice pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement shall not affect the validity of any action taken hereunder. 

5.11
 Costs of Enforcement . The Company agrees that if the Company or any other Person the securities of which are purchasable upon
exercise of Rights fails to fulfill any of its obligations pursuant to this Agreement, then the Company or such Person will reimburse
the holder of any Rights for the costs and expenses (including legal fees) incurred by such holder in actions to enforce such holder s
rights pursuant to any Rights or this Agreement. 

5.12
 Successors . All the covenants and provisions of this Agreement by or for the benefit of the Company or the Rights Agent shall
bind and inure to the benefit of their respective successors and assigns hereunder. 

5.13
 Benefits of this Agreement . Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to give to any Person other than the Company, the Rights
Agent and the holders of the Rights any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under this Agreement and this Agreement shall be for
the sole and exclusive benefit of the Company, the Rights Agent and the holders of the Rights. 

5.14
 Determination and Actions by the Company, etc. For all purposes of this Agreement, any calculation of the number of shares of
Common Stock or any other class of capital stock outstanding at any particular time, including, but not limited to, for purposes of determining
the particular percentage of such outstanding shares of Common Stock of which any Person is the Beneficial Owner, shall be made in accordance
with the last sentence of Rule 13d-3(d)(1)(i) of the General Rules and Regulations under the Exchange Act. The Board of Directors shall
have the exclusive power and authority to administer this Agreement and to exercise all rights and powers specifically granted to the
Company, or as may be necessary or advisable in the administration of this Agreement, including, but not limited to, the right and power
to (i) interpret the provisions of this Agreement and (ii) make all determinations and calculations deemed necessary or advisable for
the administration or implementation of this Agreement, including, but not limited to, the right to determine the Rights to be null and
voided pursuant to Section 3.1 , after taking into account the purpose of this Agreement and the Company s interest in maintaining
an orderly trading market in the outstanding shares of Common Stock. All such actions, interpretations, calculations and determinations
done or made by the Board of Directors shall (x) be final, conclusive and binding on the Company, the Rights Agent, the holders of the
Rights and all other Persons, and (y) not subject the Board of Directors or any of the directors of the Company to any liability to the
holders of the Rights. 

5.15
 Descriptive Headings; Section References . Descriptive headings appear herein for convenience only and shall not control or affect
the meaning or construction of any of the provisions hereof. Where a reference in this Agreement is made to a Section, such reference
shall be to a Section of this Agreement unless otherwise indicated. 

5.16
 GOVERNING LAW; EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION . (a) THIS AGREEMENT AND EACH RIGHT ISSUED HEREUNDER SHALL BE DEEMED TO BE A CONTRACT MADE
UNDER THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF DELAWARE AND FOR ALL PURPOSES SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF SUCH STATE
APPLICABLE TO CONTRACTS TO BE MADE AND PERFORMED ENTIRELY WITHIN SUCH STATE; PROVIDED , HOWEVER , THAT ALL PROVISIONS REGARDING
THE RIGHTS, DUTIES, OBLIGATIONS AND LIABILITIES OF THE RIGHTS AGENT SHALL BE GOVERNED AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE
STATE OF NEW YORK APPLICABLE TO CONTRACTS MADE AND TO BE PERFORMED ENTIRELY WITHIN SUCH STATE. 

(b)
(i) THE COMPANY AND EACH HOLDER OF RIGHTS HEREBY IRREVOCABLY SUBMITS TO THE EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF THE COURT OF CHANCERY OF THE STATE
OF DELAWARE, OR, IF SUCH COURT SHALL LACK SUBJECT MATTER JURISDICTION, THE UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT FOR THE DISTRICT OF DELAWARE,
OVER ANY SUIT, ACTION, OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO OR CONCERNING THIS AGREEMENT. The Company and each holder of Rights
acknowledge that the forum designated by this paragraph (b) has a reasonable relation to this Agreement, and to such Persons 
relationship with one another. 

21 

(ii)
The Company and each holder of Rights hereby waive, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any objection which they now or
hereafter have to personal jurisdiction or to the laying of venue of any such suit, action or proceeding brought in any court referred
to in paragraph (b)(i) . The Company and each holder of Rights undertake not to commence any action subject to this Agreement in
any forum other than the forum described in this paragraph (b) . The Company and each holder of Rights agree that, to the fullest
extent permitted by applicable law, a final and non-appealable judgment in any such suit, action, or proceeding brought in any such court
shall be conclusive and binding upon such Persons. 

5.17
 Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in counterparts and by each party hereto on a separate counterpart, both of which
when so executed shall be deemed to be an original and both of which taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement. Delivery
of an executed counterpart of a signature page to this Agreement by facsimile or e-mail transmission shall be effective as delivery of
a manually executed counterpart of this Agreement. 

5.18
 Severability . If any term, covenant, restriction or provision hereof or the application thereof to any circumstance shall, in
any jurisdiction and to any extent, be invalid or unenforceable, such term, covenant, restriction or provision shall be ineffective as
to such jurisdiction to the extent of such invalidity or unenforceability without invalidating or rendering unenforceable the remaining
terms, covenants, restrictions and provisions hereof or the application of such term, covenant, restriction or provision to circumstances
other than those as to which it is held invalid or unenforceable. 

5.19
 Renewal Amendment . Prior to the applicable date determined pursuant to clause (iii) of the definition of Expiration
Time (the Applicable Expiration Date (or, if the Applicable Expiration Date is hereafter amended to extend
such date pursuant to this Section 5.19 , then prior to the then Applicable Expiration Date), the Board of Directors may review
this Agreement to determine whether extending the Applicable Expiration Date would be in the best interests of the Company and its stockholders.
Upon the approval of the Board of Directors to extend the Applicable Expiration Date, the Company shall execute, and shall request (in
accordance with Section 5.4 that the Rights Agent execute, an amendment to this Agreement pursuant to Section 5.4 giving
effect to such extension. 

5.20
 USA PATRIOT Act . Each Person that is a party hereto acknowledges that the Rights Agent is subject to the customer identification
program Customer Identification Program requirements under the USA PATRIOT Act and its implementing regulations,
and that the Rights Agent must obtain, verify and record information that allows the Rights Agent to identify each such person or entity.
Accordingly, prior to accepting an appointment hereunder, the Rights Agent may request information from any such person or entity that
will help the Rights Agent to identify such person or entity, including, but not limited to, as applicable, such person or entity s
physical address, tax identification number, organizational documents, certificate of good standing, license to do business, or any other
information that the Rights Agent deems necessary. Each Person that is a party hereto acknowledges that the Rights Agent cannot accept
an appointment hereunder unless and until the Rights Agent verifies each such person or entity s identity in accordance with the
Customer Identification Program requirements. 

[ remainder
of page intentionally left blank ] 

22 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed as of the date first above written. 

RESEARCH
 FRONTIERS INCORPORATED 

By:
 
 /s/
 Joseph M. Harary 

Name:
 
 Joseph
 M. Harary 

Title: 
 President
 and CEO 

CONTINENTAL
 STOCK TRANSFER 

TRUST
 COMPANY, as Rights Agent 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

[Signature
Page to Stockholder Protection Rights Agreement] 

23 

EXHIBIT
A 

[Form
of Rights Certificate] 

Certificate
 No. W- 

Rights 

THE
RIGHTS ARE SUBJECT TO REDEMPTION OR MANDATORY EXCHANGE, AT THE OPTION OF THE COMPANY, ON THE TERMS SET FORTH IN THE RIGHTS AGREEMENT.
RIGHTS BENEFICIALLY OWNED BY ACQUIRING PERSONS OR AFFILIATES OR ASSOCIATES THEREOF
(AS SUCH TERMS ARE DEFINED IN THE RIGHTS AGREEMENT) OR TRANSFEREES OF ANY OF THE FOREGOING WILL BE NULL AND VOID. [THE RIGHTS REPRESENTED
BY THIS RIGHTS CERTIFICATE ARE OR WERE BENEFICIALLY OWNED BY A PERSON WHO WAS OR BECAME AN ACQUIRING PERSON OR AN AFFILIATE OR ASSOCIATE
OF AN ACQUIRING PERSON (AS SUCH TERMS ARE DEFINED IN THE RIGHTS AGREEMENT). ACCORDINGLY, THIS RIGHTS CERTIFICATE AND THE RIGHTS REPRESENTED
HEREBY MAY BECOME NULL AND VOID IN THE CIRCUMSTANCES SPECIFIED IN SECTION 3.1(b) OF SUCH AGREEMENT.] 1 

Rights
Certificate 

Research
Frontiers Incorporated 

This
certifies that _____________, or registered assigns, is the registered holder of the number of Rights set forth above, each of which
entitles the registered holder thereof, subject to the terms, provisions and conditions of the Restated and Amended Stockholder Protection
Rights Agreement, dated as of February 11, 2023 (as amended from time to time, the Rights Agreement ), between Research
Frontiers Incorporated, a Delaware corporation (the Company ), and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company,
a New York banking corporation, as Rights Agent (the Rights Agent, which term shall include any successor Rights
Agent under the Rights Agreement), to purchase from the Company at any time after the Separation Time (as such term is defined in the
Rights Agreement) and prior to the Expiration Time (as such term is defined in the Rights Agreement), one share of Common Stock, par
value 0.0001 per share (the Common Stock ), of the Company (subject to adjustment as provided in the Rights Agreement)
at the Exercise Price referred to below, upon presentation and surrender of this Rights Certificate with the Form of Election to Exercise
duly executed and properly completed at the office of the Rights Agent designated for such purpose. The Exercise Price shall initially
be 40 per Right and shall be subject to adjustment in certain events as provided in the Rights Agreement. 

In
certain circumstances described in the Rights Agreement, the Rights evidenced hereby may entitle the registered holder thereof to purchase
securities of an entity other than the Company or securities of the Company other than Common Stock or assets of the Company, all as
provided in the Rights Agreement. 

This
Rights Certificate is subject to all of the terms, provisions and conditions of the Rights Agreement, which terms, provisions and conditions
are hereby incorporated herein by reference and made a part hereof and to which Rights Agreement reference is hereby made for a full
description of the rights, limitations of rights, obligations, duties and immunities hereunder of the Rights Agent, the Company and the
holders of the Rights Certificates. Copies of the Rights Agreement are on file at the principal office of the Company and are available
without cost upon written request. 

This
Rights Certificate, with or without other Rights Certificates, upon surrender at the office of the Rights Agent designated for such purpose,
may be exchanged for another Rights Certificate or Rights Certificates of like tenor evidencing an aggregate number of Rights equal to
the aggregate number of Rights evidenced by the Rights Certificate or Rights Certificates so surrendered. If this Rights Certificate
shall be exercised in part, the registered holder shall be entitled to receive, upon surrender hereof, another Rights Certificate or
Rights Certificates for the number of whole Rights not exercised. 

1
 The portion of the legend in brackets shall be inserted only if applicable and shall replace the preceding sentence. 

24 

Subject
to the provisions of the Rights Agreement, each Right evidenced by this Certificate may be (a) redeemed by the Company under certain
circumstances, at its option, at a redemption price of 0.0001 per Right, or (b) exchanged by the Company under certain circumstances,
at its option, for one share of Common Stock per Right (or, in certain cases, other securities or assets of the Company), subject in
each case to adjustment in certain events as provided in the Rights Agreement. 

No
holder of this Rights Certificate, as such, shall be entitled to vote or receive dividends or be deemed for any purpose the holder of
any securities that may at any time be issuable on the exercise hereof, nor shall anything contained in the Rights Agreement or herein
be construed to confer upon the holder hereof, as such, any of the rights of a stockholder of the Company or any right to vote for the
election of directors or upon any matter submitted to stockholders at any meeting thereof, or to give or withhold consent to any corporate
action, or to receive notice of meetings or other actions affecting stockholders (except as provided in the Rights Agreement), or to
receive dividends or subscription rights, or otherwise, until the Rights evidenced by this Rights Certificate shall have been exercised
or exchanged as provided in the Rights Agreement. 

This
Rights Certificate shall not be valid or obligatory for any purpose until it shall have been countersigned (either manually or by facsimile)
by the Rights Agent. 

WITNESS
the facsimile signature of the proper officers of the Company and its corporate seal. 

Date:

ATTEST: 
 
 RESEARCH
 FRONTIERS 

INCORPORATED 

By: 

Secretary 
 
 Name: 

Title: 

Countersigned: 

CONTINENTAL
STOCK TRANSFER TRUST 

COMPANY,
as Rights Agent 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

25 

[Form
of Reverse Side of Rights Certificate] 

FORM
OF ASSIGNMENT 

(To
be executed by the registered holder if such 

holder
desires to transfer this Rights Certificate.) 

FOR
 VALUE RECEIVED _______________ hereby sells, assigns and transfers unto 

(Please
 print name and address of transferee) 
 
 this
Rights Certificate, together with all right, title and interest therein, and does hereby irrevocably constitute and appoint _________
as Attorney-in-fact, to transfer the within Rights Certificate on the books of the within-named Company, with full power of substitution. 

Dated:

,

Signature 

Guaranteed: 

Signature 

(Signature
 must correspond to name as written upon the face of this Rights Certificate in every particular, without alteration or enlargement
 or any change whatsoever) 

Signatures
must be guaranteed by a participant in a Medallion Signature Guarantee Program at a guarantee level acceptable to the Company s
Rights Agent. 

(To
be completed if true) 

The
undersigned hereby represents, for the benefit of the Company and all holders of Rights and shares of Common Stock, that the Rights evidenced
by this Rights Certificate are not, and, to the knowledge of the undersigned, have never been, Beneficially Owned by an Acquiring Person
or an Affiliate or Associate thereof (as each such term is defined in the Rights Agreement). 

Signature 

NOTICE 

In
the event the certification set forth above is not completed in connection with a purported assignment, the Company will deem the Beneficial
Owner of the Rights evidenced by the enclosed Rights Certificate to be an Acquiring Person or an Affiliate or Associate thereof (as each
such term is defined in the Rights Agreement) or a transferee of any of the foregoing and accordingly will deem the Rights evidenced
by such Rights Certificate to be null and void and not transferable or exercisable. 

26 

[To
be attached to each Rights Certificate] 

FORM
OF ELECTION TO EXERCISE 

(To
be executed if holder desires to 

 exercise
the Rights Certificate.) 

TO:
Research Frontiers Incorporated 

The
undersigned hereby irrevocably elects to exercise ______________________whole Rights represented by the attached Rights Certificate to
purchase the shares of Common Stock or such other securities or assets as may then be issuable upon the exercise of such Rights and requests
that certificates for such shares be issued in the name of: 

Address:

Social
 Security or Other Taxpayer 
 
 Identification
 Number: 

If
such number of Rights shall not be all the Rights evidenced by this Rights Certificate, a new Rights Certificate for the balance of such
Rights shall be registered in the name of and delivered to: 

Address:

Social
 Security or Other Taxpayer 
 
 Identification
 Number: 

Dated:

,

Signature 

Guaranteed: 

Signature 

(Signature
 must correspond to name as written upon the face of the attached Rights Certificate in every particular, without alteration or enlargement
 or any change whatsoever) 

Signatures
must be guaranteed by a participant in a Medallion Signature Guarantee Program at a guarantee level acceptable to the Company s
Rights Agent. 

(To
be completed if true) 

The
undersigned hereby represents, for the benefit of the Company and all holders of Rights and shares of Common Stock, that the Rights evidenced
by the attached Rights Certificate are not, and, to the knowledge of the undersigned, have never been, Beneficially Owned by an Acquiring
Person or an Affiliate or Associate thereof (as each such term is defined in the Rights Agreement). 

Signature 

NOTICE 

In
the event the certification set forth above is not completed in connection with a purported exercise, the Company will deem the Beneficial
Owner of the Rights evidenced by the attached Rights Certificate to be an Acquiring Person or an Affiliate or Associate thereof (as defined
in the Rights Agreement) or a transferee of any of the foregoing and accordingly will deem the Rights evidenced by such Rights Certificate
to be null and void and not transferable or exercisable. 

27 

</EX-4.2>

<EX-21>
 3
 ex21.htm

Exhibit
21 

State
 or 
 Country
 of 
 Organization 
 
 Subsidiary
 of the Registrant: 

SPD
 Enterprises, Inc. 
 Delaware 

</EX-21>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 ex23-1.htm

Exhibit
23.1 

Consent
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

We
consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-3 (Nos. 333-184785, 333-179099, 333-133858, 333-40369,
333-115052, 333-65219 and 333-159093) and Form S-8 (Nos. 333-80575, 333-179097, 33-53030, 33-86910, 333-08623, 333-34163, 333-63374,
333-106754, 333-159094, 333-196746 and 333-237035) of Research Frontiers Incorporated of our report dated March 9, 2023, relating to
the consolidated financial statements of Research Frontiers Incorporated as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 and the years then ended included
in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Research Frontiers Incorporated for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

/s/
 CohnReznick LLP 

March
 9, 2023 

Melville,
 New York 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 ex31-1.htm

EXHIBIT
31.1 

CERTIFICATION 

I,
 Joseph M. Harary, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Research Frontiers Incorporated (the registrant ); 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the consolidated financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present
in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
presented in this report; 

4.
I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and
15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant
and have: 

a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to me by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
my supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.
I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a)
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

b)
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated:
 March 9, 2023 
 /s/
 Joseph M. Harary 

Joseph
 M. Harary 

President,
 Chief Executive Officer and Acting Interim Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 ex32-1.htm

EXHIBIT
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report of Research Frontiers Incorporated (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December
31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Joseph M. Harary, President,
Chief Executive Officer, Acting Interim Chief Financial Officer and Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial and Accounting
Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002, that: 

1. 
 The
 Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 
 The
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
 of the Company. 

/s/
 Joseph M. Harary 

Joseph
 M. Harary 

President,
 Chief Executive Officer, Acting Interim Chief Financial Officer and Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial and
 Accounting Officer 

March
 9, 2023 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 refr-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 refr-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 refr-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 refr-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

