<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230309_10-K_edgar_data_1571329_0000950170-23-007014.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>14909204</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>488364</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1135210</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>10104555</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>680842</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2108925</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000950170-23-007014.hdr.sgml : 20230309
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230309160727
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950170-23-007014
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		22
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230309
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230309

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Logan Ridge Finance Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001571329
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	814-01022
		FILM NUMBER:		23719772

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		650 MADISON AVENUE
		STREET 2:		23RD FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10022
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-891-2880

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		650 MADISON AVENUE
		STREET 2:		23RD FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10022

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Capitala Finance Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20130306

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000950170-23-007014.txt : 20230309

10-K
 1
 lrfc-20221231.htm
 10-K

10-K 

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 Annual Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 For the Fiscal Year Ended 
 Transition Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

Commission File Number 
 
 Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter, address of principal executive office, telephone number and state or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization 
 
 I.R.S. Employer Identification Number 

, , Telephone: State of Incorporation: 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of Each Class 
 
 Trading symbol(s) 
 
 Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 
 Yes 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 
 Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports) and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 
 No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). 
 Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the registrant s common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was million based on the number of shares held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of June 30, 2022, which was the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter. For the purposes of calculating this amount only, all directors and executive officers of the registrant have been treated as affiliates. 
 The number of shares of Logan Ridge Finance Corporation s common stock, 0.01 par value, outstanding as of March 3, 2023 was . 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PAGE 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 
 Business 
 2 

Item 1A. 
 
 Risk Factors 
 22 

Item 1B. 
 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 46 

Item 2. 
 
 Properties 
 46 

Item 3. 
 
 Legal Proceedings 
 46 

Item 4. 
 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 46 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 47 

Item 6. 
 
 [Reserved] 
 49 

Item 7. 
 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 50 

Item 7A. 
 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 62 

Item 8. 
 
 Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 F- 1 

Item 9. 
 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 64 

Item 9A. 
 
 Controls and Procedures 
 64 

Item 9B. 
 
 Other Information 
 64 

Item 9C. 
 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 64 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 65 

Item 11. 
 
 Executive Compensation 
 65 

Item 12. 
 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 65 

Item 13. 
 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 65 

Item 14. 
 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 65 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 
 Exhibits and Consolidated Financial Statement Schedules 
 66 

Item 16. 
 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 68 

Signatures 
 69 

i 

CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K, including Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, contains forward-looking statements that involve substantial risks and uncertainties. These forward-looking statements are not historical facts, but rather are based on current expectations, estimates and projections about the Company, our current and prospective portfolio investments, our industry, our beliefs, and our assumptions. Words such as anticipates, expects, intends, plans, will, may, continue, believes, seeks, estimates, would, could, should, targets, projects, and variations of these words and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. 
 Some of the statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K constitute forward-looking statements, which relate to future events or our performance or financial condition. The forward-looking statements contained in our Annual Report on Form 10-K involve risks and uncertainties, including statements as to: 
 our future operating results; 
 our business prospects and the prospects of our portfolio companies, including our and their ability to achieve our respective objectives; 
 the impact of investments that we expect to make; 
 our contractual arrangements and relationships with third parties; 
 the dependence of our future success on the general economy and its impact on the industries in which we invest; 
 our expected financings and investments; 
 the adequacy of our cash resources and working capital; and 
 the timing of cash flows, if any, from the operations of our portfolio companies. 
 These statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to risks, uncertainties, and other factors, some of which are beyond our control and difficult to predict and could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or forecasted in the forward-looking statements, including without limitation: 
 an economic downturn could impair our portfolio companies ability to continue to operate or repay their borrowings, which could lead to the loss of some or all of our investments in such portfolio companies; 
 a contraction of available credit and/or an inability to access the equity markets could impair our lending and investment activities; 
 geopolitical instability and volatility in the global markets caused by events such as the deterioration in the bilateral relationship between the U.S. and China or the conflict between Russia and Ukraine; 
 uncertain effects due to the discontinuation of LIBOR and the transition to SOFR; 
 interest rate volatility could adversely affect our results, particularly if we use leverage as part of our investment strategy; and 
 the risks, uncertainties and other factors we identify in Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Although we believe that the assumptions on which these forward-looking statements are based are reasonable, any of those assumptions could prove to be inaccurate, and as a result, the forward-looking statements based on those assumptions also could be inaccurate. Important assumptions include our ability to originate new loans and investments, certain margins and levels of profitability and the availability of additional capital. In light of these and other uncertainties, the inclusion of a projection or forward-looking statement in this Annual Report on Form 10-K should not be regarded as a representation by us that our plans and objectives will be achieved. These risks and uncertainties include those described or identified in Risk Factors and elsewhere in our Annual Report on Form 10-K. You should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which apply only as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We undertake no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, unless required by law or U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC rule or regulation. 
 1 

PART I 
 In this Annual Report on Form 10-K, except as otherwise indicated, the terms: 
 we, us, our, Logan Ridge and the Company refer to Logan Ridge Finance Corporation, together with its consolidated subsidiaries; 

The Investment Adviser , Adviser and Mount Logan refer to Mount Logan Management LLC, our investment adviser; and 

The Administrator refers to BC Partners Management LLC, our administrator and an affiliate of BC Partners. 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 FORMATION OF OUR COMPANY 
 We are an externally managed non-diversified closed-end management investment company incorporated in Maryland that has elected to be regulated as a business development company BDC under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the 1940 Act ). We commenced operations on May 24, 2013 and completed our initial public offering IPO on September 30, 2013. We are managed by Mount Logan Management LLC, an investment adviser that is registered as an investment adviser under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended (the Advisers Act ), and BC Partners Management LLC provides the administrative services necessary for us to operate. For U.S. federal income tax purposes, we have elected to be treated, and intend to comply with the requirements to continue to qualify annually, as a regulated investment company RIC under subchapter M of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ). 

We were formed for the purpose of: (i) acquiring, through a series of transactions, an investment portfolio from the following entities: CapitalSouth Partners Fund I Limited Partnership Fund I ); CapitalSouth Partners Fund II Limited Partnership Fund II ); CapitalSouth Partners Fund III, L.P. Fund III Parent ); CapitalSouth Fund III, L.P. (f/k/a CapitalSouth Partners SBIC Fund III, L.P.) Fund III and CapitalSouth Partners Florida Sidecar Fund I, L.P. Florida Sidecar and, collectively with Fund I, Fund II, Fund III and Fund III Parent, the Legacy Funds ); (ii) raising capital in the IPO and (iii) continuing and expanding the business of the Legacy Funds by making additional debt and equity investments in lower middle-market and traditional middle-market companies. 
 On September 24, 2013, we acquired 100 of the limited partnership interests in Fund II, Fund III and Florida Sidecar and each of their respective general partners, as well as certain assets from Fund I and Fund III Parent, in exchange for an aggregate of 8,974,420 shares of our common stock (the Formation Transactions ). Fund II, Fund III and Florida Sidecar became our wholly owned subsidiaries. Fund II and Fund III retained their small business investment company SBIC licenses, continued to hold their existing investments at the time of the IPO and have continued to make new investments. The IPO consisted of the sale of 4,000,000 shares of our common stock at a price of 20.00 per share resulting in net proceeds to us of 74.25 million, after deducting underwriting fees and commissions totaling 4.0 million and offering expenses totaling 1.75 million. The other costs of the IPO were borne by the limited partners of the Legacy Funds. During the fourth quarter of 2017, Florida Sidecar transferred all of its assets to us, and was legally dissolved as a standalone partnership. On March 1, 2019, Fund II repaid its outstanding debentures guaranteed by the SBA SBA-guaranteed debentures and relinquished its SBIC license. On June 10, 2021, Fund III repaid its SBA-guaranteed debentures and relinquished its SBIC license. Accordingly, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were no SBA-guaranteed debentures outstanding. 
 The Company has formed and expects to continue to form certain consolidated taxable subsidiaries (the Taxable Subsidiaries ), which are taxed as corporations for U.S. federal income tax purposes. These Taxable Subsidiaries allow the Company to make equity investments in companies organized as pass-through entities while continuing to satisfy the requirements of a RIC under the Code. 
 Capitala Business Lending, LLC CBL ), a wholly-owned subsidiary of ours, was established on October 30, 2020, for the sole purpose of holding certain investments pledged as collateral under a senior secured revolving credit agreement with KeyBank National Association (the KeyBank Credit Facility ). The financial statements of CBL are consolidated with those of Logan Ridge Finance Corporation. 
 Definitive Agreement 
 On April 20, 2021, Capitala Investment Advisors, LLC Capitala ), the Company s former investment adviser, entered into a definitive agreement (the Definitive Agreement with the Investment Adviser and Mount Logan Capital Inc. MLC ), both affiliates of BC Partners Advisors L.P. BC Partners for U.S. regulatory purposes, whereby Mount Logan acquired certain assets related to Capitala s business of providing investment management services to the Company (the Transaction ), through which the Investment Adviser became the Company s investment adviser pursuant to an investment advisory agreement (the Investment Advisory Agreement with the Company. At a special meeting of the Company s stockholders (the Special Meeting held on May 27, 2021, the Company s stockholders approved the Investment Advisory Agreement. The transactions contemplated by the Definitive Agreement closed on July 1, 2021 (the Closing ). 
 As part of the Transaction, the Investment Adviser entered into a two-year contractual fee waiver (the Fee Waiver with the Company to waive, to the extent necessary, any capital gains fee under the Investment Advisory Agreement that exceeds what would have been paid to Capitala in the aggregate over such two-year period under the prior advisory agreement. 
 On the date of the Closing, the Company changed its name from Capitala Finance Corp. to Logan Ridge Finance Corporation and on July 2, 2021, the Company s common stock began trading on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol LRFC. 
 On July 1, 2021, in connection with the Closing, the Company s then-current interested directors and the Company s then-current independent directors resigned as members of the Board and Ted Goldthorpe, the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, along with Alexander Duka, George Grunebaum, and Robert Warshauer, were appointed as members of the Board (the Directors ). The Directors were appointed by the Board to fill the vacancies created by the resignations described above and the Directors were appointed to the class of directors as determined by the Board in accordance with the Company s organizational documents. The Company s stockholders will have the opportunity to vote for each of the Directors when his class of directors is up for reelection. 
 All of the Company s then-current officers resigned at the Closing and the Board appointed Ted Goldthorpe as the Company s Chief Executive Officer and President, Jason Roos as the Company s Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary, Patrick Schafer as the Company s Chief Investment Officer and David Held as 
 2 

the Company s Chief Compliance Officer. On November 9, 2021, Jason Roos was replaced as Secretary and Treasurer of the Company by Brandon Satoren, who was also appointed as Chief Accounting Officer. Mr. Roos continues to serve as Chief Financial Officer of the Company. 
 SUMMARY RISK FACTORS 
 The risk factors described below are a summary of the principal risk factors associated with an investment in us. These are not the only risks we face. You should carefully consider these risk factors, together with the risk factors set forth in Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and the other reports and documents filed by us with the SEC. 
 Risks Relating to Our Business and Structure 
 Our ability to achieve our investment objective depends on the ability of the Investment Adviser to manage and support our investment process. If the Investment Adviser were to lose any members of their respective senior management teams, our ability to achieve our investment objective could be significantly harmed. 

We depend upon our Investment Adviser s key personnel for our future success. 

We operate in a highly competitive market for investment opportunities, which could reduce returns and result in losses. 

Any inability of our Investment Adviser to maintain or develop strong referral relationships, or the failure of these relationships to generate investment opportunities, could adversely affect our business. 

Failure to maintain our status as a BDC would reduce our operating flexibility. 

Regulations governing our operation as a BDC affect our ability to raise additional capital and the way in which we do so. As a BDC, the necessity of raising additional capital may expose us to risks, including the typical risks associated with leverage. 

We borrow money, which magnifies the potential for gain or loss on amounts invested and may increase the risk of investing in us. Borrowed money may also adversely affect the return on our assets, reduce cash available for distribution to our stockholders, and result in losses. 

Capital markets may experience periods of disruption and instability. These market conditions could materially adversely affect the Company s business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Adverse developments in the credit markets may impair our ability to secure debt financing. 

Inflation may adversely affect our business and operations and those of our portfolio companies. 

Disruptions to the global supply chain may have adverse impact on our portfolio companies and, in turn, harm us. 

We will be subject to corporate-level U.S. federal income tax if we are unable to qualify or maintain our RIC tax treatment under the Code. 

The Investment Adviser is not obligated to reimburse us for any part of the incentive fee it receives that is based on accrued income that we never receive. 

As a publicly traded company, we are subject to increasingly complex corporate governance, public disclosure and accounting requirements that are costly and could adversely affect our business and financial results. 

Internal and external cyber threats, as well as other disasters, could impair our ability to conduct business effectively. 

Economic sanction laws in the United States and other jurisdictions may prohibit us and our affiliates from transacting with certain countries, individuals and companies. 

Major public health issues could have an adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations and other aspects of our business. 

Risks Related to Our Investments 
 Our investments in prospective portfolio companies may be risky, and we could lose all or part of our investment. 

An investment strategy focused primarily on smaller privately held companies involves a high degree of risk and presents certain challenges, including the lack of available information about these companies, a dependence on the talents and efforts of only a few key portfolio company personnel and a greater vulnerability to economic downturns. 

Our investments in leveraged portfolio companies may be risky, and we could lose all or part of our investment. 

The health and performance of our portfolio companies could be adversely affected by political and economic conditions in the countries in which they conduct business. 

We are currently operating in a period of capital markets disruption and economic uncertainty. 

The lack of liquidity in our investments may adversely affect our business. 

We may not have the funds or ability to make additional investments in our portfolio companies or to fund our unfunded debt commitments which may impair the value of our portfolio. 

Our ability to enter into new transactions with our affiliates, and to restructure or exit our investments in portfolio companies that we are deemed to control under the 1940 Act, will be restricted by the 1940 Act, which may limit the scope of investment opportunities available to us. 

We are a non-diversified investment company within the meaning of the 1940 Act, and therefore we are not limited with respect to the proportion of our assets that may be invested in securities of a single issuer. 

Our portfolio may be concentrated in a limited number of industries, which may subject us to a risk of significant loss if there is a downturn in a particular industry in which a number of our investments are concentrated. 

A covenant breach or other defaults by our portfolio companies may adversely affect our operating results. 

If our portfolio companies are unable to protect their proprietary, technological and other intellectual property rights, our business and prospects could be harmed, and if portfolio companies are required to devote significant resources to protecting their intellectual property rights, the value of our investment could be reduced. 

3 

Any unrealized depreciation we experience on our loan portfolio may be an indication of future realized losses, which could reduce our income available for distribution. 

Prepayments of our debt investments by our portfolio companies could adversely impact our results of operations and reduce our return on equity. 

We may not realize gains from our equity investments. 

The interest rates of some of our floating-rate loans to our portfolio companies may be priced using a spread over LIBOR, which is being phased out. 

We may choose to waive or defer enforcement of covenants in the debt securities held in our portfolio, which may cause us to lose all or part of our investment in these companies. 

Our investments in securities rated below investment grade are speculative in nature and are subject to additional risk factors such as increased possibility of default, illiquidity of the security, and changes in value based on changes in interest rates. 

Our investments may be in portfolio companies which may have limited operating histories and financial resources. 

Risks Relating to Our Securities 
 The market price of our common stock may fluctuate significantly. 

Our business and operation could be negatively affected if we become subject to any securities litigation or stockholder activism, which could cause us to incur significant expense, hinder execution of investment strategy and impact our stock price. 

Investing in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. 

We cannot assure you that the market price of shares of our common stock will not decline. 

Our common stockholders will bear the expenses associated with our borrowings, and the holders of our debt securities will have certain rights senior to our common stockholders. 

Sales of substantial amounts of our common stock in the public market may have an adverse effect on the market price of our common stock. 

Shares of our common stock have traded at a discount from net asset value and may do so in the future. 

There is a risk that investors in our equity securities may not receive distributions consistent with historical levels or at all, or that our distributions may not grow over time and a portion of our distributions may be a return of capital. 

A stockholder s interest in us will be diluted if we issue additional shares of common stock, which could reduce the overall value of an investment in us. 

We will have broad discretion over the use of proceeds of any successful offering of securities. 

Your interest in the Company may be diluted if you do not fully exercise your subscription rights in any rights offering. 

If we issue preferred stock, the net asset value and market value of our common stock will likely become more volatile. 

Holders of any preferred stock we might issue would have the right to elect members of our Board and class voting rights on certain matters. 

OUR INVESTMENT ADVISER 
 We are managed by the Investment Adviser, whose investment team members have significant and diverse experience financing, advising, operating and investing in lower middle-market and traditional middle-market companies. Mount Logan was formed in 2020 and is registered as an investment adviser under the Advisers Act. Mount Logan is controlled by MLC, a publicly listed Canada-based alternative asset management company. Mount Logan is an affiliate of BC Partners for U.S. regulatory purposes and BC Partners provides Mount Logan with personnel pursuant to a resource sharing agreement, which allows Mount Logan to utilize the resources of BC Partners broader credit team. 
 MLC is managed by the founders of BC Partners Credit bringing to bear the investment expertise and deep resources of the broader BC Partners platform, all of which the Company - as an entity within the BC Partners ecosystem - benefits from. Mount Logan provides investment management services to privately offered investment funds and acts as the collateral manager to issuers of collateralized loan obligations CLOs backed by debt obligations and similar assets. 
 Mount Logan s investment committee, or the Mount Logan Investment Committee, includes Ted Goldthorpe, Matthias Ederer, Henry Wang and Raymond Svider, each experienced members of Mount Logan s investment personnel. 
 With over 40 billion in assets under management and offices in London, Paris, Hamburg, and New York, the BC Partners organization is comprised of a private equity platform BC Partners Private Equity ), a credit platform BC Partners Credit ), and a real estate platform BC Partners Real Estate ). All three platforms operate as integrated businesses within the overall BC Partners organization. Founded in 1986, BC Partners grew and evolved with the development of the European private 
 4 

equity market, consistently maintaining its position as one of the leading buyout firms in the region. It subsequently expanded investment operations to North America to support larger transactions operating more globally and established a successful investment platform for buyouts of businesses based in the United States and around the world. BC Partners expanded its strategic offering by establishing a credit platform in 2017 and a real estate platform in 2018. BC Partners has a 35-year investing track record across a variety of geographies and sectors. Throughout its investment history, BC Partners has built strong and longstanding relationships with global institutional investors. 
 To the extent permitted by the 1940 Act and interpretation of the staff of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ), the Investment Adviser and its affiliates may determine that an investment is appropriate for us and for one or more of those other funds. In such event, depending on the availability of such investment and other appropriate factors, the Investment Adviser or its affiliates may determine that we should invest side-by-side with one or more other funds. Any such investments will be made only to the extent permitted by applicable law and interpretive positions of the SEC and its staff, and consistent with the Investment Adviser s allocation procedures. 
 On October 23, 2018, the SEC issued an order granting an application for exemptive relief to an affiliate of our Investment Adviser that allows BDCs managed by the Investment Adviser, including Logan Ridge, to co-invest, subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions, in certain private placement transactions, with other funds managed by the Investment Adviser or its affiliates, including any future funds that are advised by the Investment Adviser or its affiliated investment advisers. 
 Pursuant to the Order, we are permitted to co-invest in such investment opportunities with our affiliates if a required majority (as defined in Section 57(o) of the 1940 Act) of our directors each of which is not considered an interested person , as such term is defined under the 1940 Act (the independent directors make certain conclusions in connection with a co-investment transaction, including, but not limited to, that (1) the terms of the potential co-investment transaction, including the consideration to be paid, are reasonable and fair to us and our stockholders and do not involve overreaching in respect of us or our stockholders on the part of any person concerned, and (2) the potential co-investment transaction is consistent with the interests of our stockholders and is consistent with our then-current investment objective and strategies. 
 INVESTMENTS 
 We will engage in various investment strategies from time to time in order to achieve our overall lending and investment objectives. Our strategies will generally require current cash yields and sensible leverage and fixed charge coverage ratios and either a first or second lien position (subject to limited instances in which we will not obtain security) in the collateral of the portfolio company. The strategy we select will depend upon, among other things, market opportunities, the skills and experience of our Investment Adviser s investment team, the result of our financial, operational and strategic evaluation of the opportunity, and our overall portfolio composition. Most of our existing debt investments offer, and we expect most of our future debt investments will offer, the opportunity to participate in a borrower s equity performance through warrant participation, direct equity ownership or otherwise, and many of our debt investments will require the borrower to pay an early termination fee. Collectively, these attributes have been, and are expected to be, important contributors to the returns generated by our Investment Adviser s investment team. 
 The Investment Adviser s investment team uses a disciplined investment portfolio monitoring and risk management process that emphasizes strict underwriting standards and guidelines, strong due diligence investigation, regular portfolio review, analysis and performance-guided responses, and proper investment diversification. We allocate capital among different industries, geographies and private equity sponsors on the basis of relative risk/reward profiles as a function of their associated downside risk, volatility, perceived fundamental risk and our ability to obtain favorable investment protection terms. 
 Types of Investments 
 We will target debt investments that yield meaningful current income and, in certain cases, provide the opportunity for capital appreciation through equity securities. In each case, the following criteria and guidelines are applied to the review of a potential investment; however, not all criteria are met in every single investment in our portfolio, nor do we guarantee that all criteria will be met in the investments we will make in the future. 
 Established Companies With Positive Cash Flow. We seek to invest in established companies with a history of generating revenues and positive cash flows. We intend to focus on companies with a history of profitability and minimum trailing twelve-month EBITDA of between 5 million and 50 million. We do not intend to invest in start-up companies, distressed or turn-around situations or companies with business plans that we do not understand. 

Experienced Management Teams with Meaningful Investment. We seek to invest in companies in which senior or key managers have significant company or industry-level experience and have significant equity ownership. It has been our experience that these management teams are more committed to the company s success and more likely to manage the company in a manner that protects our debt and equity investments. 

Significant Invested Capital. We believe that the existence of an appropriate amount of equity beneath our debt capital provides valuable support for our investment. In addition, the degree to which the particular investment is a meaningful one for the portfolio company s financial sponsor, and the financial sponsor s ability and willingness to invest additional equity capital as and to the extent necessary, are also important considerations. 

Appropriate Capital Structures. We seek to invest in companies that are appropriately capitalized. First, we examine the amount of equity that is being invested by the company s private equity sponsor to determine whether there is a sufficient capital cushion beneath our invested capital. We also analyze the amount of leverage and the characteristics of senior debt with lien priority over our investment. 

Strong Competitive Position. We intend to invest in companies that have developed strong, defensible product or service offerings within their respective market segments. These companies should be well positioned to capitalize on organic and strategic growth opportunities and should compete in industries with strong fundamentals and meaningful barriers to entry. We further analyze prospective portfolio investments in order to identify competitive advantages within their respective industries, which may result in superior operating margins or industry-leading growth. 

Customer and Supplier Diversification. We expect to invest in companies with sufficiently diverse customer and supplier bases. We believe these companies will be better able to endure industry consolidation, economic contraction and increased competition than those that are not sufficiently diversified. However, we also recognize that from time to time, an attractive investment opportunity with some concentration among its customer base or supply chain will present itself. We believe that concentration issues can be evaluated and, in some instances (whether due to supplier or customer product or platform diversification, the existence and quality of long-term agreements with such customers or suppliers or other select factors), mitigated, thus presenting a superior risk-adjusted pricing scenario. 

Debt Investments 
 The Investment Adviser s investment team tailors the terms of each debt investment to the facts and circumstances of the transaction, the needs of the prospective portfolio company and, as applicable, its financial sponsor, negotiating a structure that seeks to protect our rights and manage our risk while creating incentives for the portfolio company to achieve its business plan. We expect our primary source of return to be the cash interest we will collect on our debt investments. We also typically 
 5 

seek board observation rights with each portfolio company, and we offer (and have historically provided) managerial and strategic assistance to these companies. We seek to further protect invested principal by negotiating appropriate affirmative, negative and financial covenants in our debt documents that are conservative enough to represent a prudent cushion at closing or to budgeted projections, but that are flexible enough to afford our portfolio companies and their financial sponsors sufficient latitude to allow them to grow their businesses. Typical covenants include default triggers and remedies (including penalties), lien protection, leverage and fixed charge coverage ratios, change of control provisions and put rights. Most of our debt investments feature call protection to enhance our total return on debt investments that are repaid prior to maturity. 
 Most of our debt investments are structured as first lien loans, and as of December 31, 2022, 80.9 of the fair value of our debt investments consisted of such investments. First lien loans may contain some minimum amount of principal amortization, excess cash flow sweep feature, prepayment penalties, or any combination of the foregoing. First lien loans are secured by a first priority lien in existing and future assets of the borrower and may take the form of term loans, delayed draw facilities, or revolving credit facilities. In some cases, first lien loans may be subordinated, solely with respect to the payment of cash interest, to an asset based revolving credit facility. Unitranche debt, a form of first lien loan, typically involves issuing one debt security that blends the risk and return profiles of both senior secured and subordinated debt in one debt security, bifurcating the loan into a first-out tranche and last-out tranche. As of December 31, 2022, 1.9 of the fair value of our first lien loans consisted of last-out loans. We believe that unitranche debt can be attractive for many lower middle-market and traditional middle-market businesses, given the reduced structural complexity, single lender interface and elimination of intercreditor or potential agency conflicts among lenders. 
 We may also invest in debt instruments structured as second lien loans. Second lien loans are loans which have a second priority security interest in all or substantially all of the borrower s assets, and in some cases, may be subject to the interruption of cash interest payments upon certain events of default, at the discretion of the first lien lender. On a fair market value basis, 3.8 of our debt investments consisted of second lien loans as of December 31, 2022. 
 Some of our debt investments have payment-in-kind PIK interest, which is a form of interest that is not paid currently in cash but is accrued and added to the loan balance until paid at the end of the term. While we generally seek to minimize the percentage of our fixed return that is in the form of PIK interest, we sometimes receive PIK interest due to prevailing market conditions that do not support the overall blended interest yield on our debt investments being paid in all-cash interest. As of December 31, 2022, our weighted average PIK yield was 0.7 (excluding the income from non-accruals and collateralized loan obligations). As of December 31, 2022, the weighted average annualized cash yield on our debt portfolio was 9.7 (excluding the income from non-accruals and collateralized loan obligations). In addition to yield in the form of current cash and PIK interest, some of our debt investments include an equity component, such as a warrant to purchase a common equity interest in the borrower for a nominal price. 
 The weighted annualized yield is calculated based on the effective interest rate as of period end, divided by the fair value of our debt investments. The weighted average annualized yield of our debt investments is not the same as a return on investment for our stockholders but, rather, relates to a portion of our investment portfolio and is calculated before the payment of all of our fees and expenses. There can be no assurance that the weighted average yield will remain at its current level. 
 Equity Investments 
 When we make a debt investment, we may be granted equity participation in the form of detachable warrants to purchase common equity in the company in the same class of security that the owners or equity sponsors receive upon funding. In addition, we may make non-control equity co-investments in conjunction with a loan transaction with a borrower. The Investment Adviser s investment team generally seeks to structure our equity investments, such as direct equity co-investments, to provide us with minority rights provisions and, to the extent available, event-driven put rights. They also seek to obtain limited registration rights in connection with these investments, which may include piggyback registration rights. In addition to warrants and equity co-investments, our debt investments in the future may contain a synthetic equity position. 
 INVESTMENT PROCESS 
 The management of our investment portfolio is the responsibility of Mount Logan and the Logan Ridge investment team (the LRFC Investment Team ). All investment decisions require the majority approval of the Mount Logan Investment Committee. The LRFC Investment Team sources, identifies and diligences investment opportunities and presents the opportunity to the Mount Logan Investment Committee for approval. The Mount Logan Investment Committee is currently comprised of three members of BC Partners Credit (Ted Goldthorpe, Matthias Ederer and Henry Wang), and one member of BC Partners Private Equity (Raymond Svider). The Mount Logan Investment Committee meets regularly to review the opportunities presented by the LRFC Investment Team. Follow-on investments in existing portfolio companies may require the Mount Logan s Investment Committee approval beyond that obtained when the initial investment in the company was made. In addition, temporary investments, such as those in cash equivalents, U.S. government securities and other high quality debt investments that mature in one year or less, may require approval by the Mount Logan Investment Committee. The Board, including a majority of the Independent Directors, oversees and monitors the investment performance and, beginning with the second anniversary of the effective date of the Investment Advisory Agreement, will annually review the compensation Logan Ridge pays to Mount Logan. 
 None of Mount Logan s investment professionals receive any direct compensation from Logan Ridge in connection with the management of Logan Ridge s portfolio. 
 The following individuals (the LRFC Portfolio Managers have senior responsibility for the management of our investment portfolio: Ted Goldthorpe, Matthias Ederer, Henry Wang, Raymond Svider and Patrick Schafer. Mr. Schafer is Logan Ridge's Chief Investment Officer and has primary responsibility for the day-to-day implementation and management of Logan Ridge's investment portfolio. 
 The stages of our investment selection process are as follows: 
 Deal Generation/Origination 
 Deal generation and origination is maximized through long-standing and extensive relationships with industry contacts, brokers, commercial and investment bankers, entrepreneurs, service providers (such as lawyers and accountants), as well as current and former clients, portfolio companies and investors. 
 6 

Screening 
 All potential investments that are received are screened for suitability and consistency with our investment criteria (see Due Diligence and Underwriting, below). If a potential investment meets our basic investment criteria, a deal team is assigned to perform preliminary due diligence. In doing so, we consider some or all of the following factors: 
 A comprehensive financial model that we prepare based on quantitative analysis of historical financial performance, financial projections made by management or the financial sponsor, and pro forma financial ratios assuming an investment consistent with possible structures. In analyzing our model, we test various investment structures, pricing options, downside scenarios and other sensitivities in order to better understand potential risks and possible financial covenant ratios; 

The competitive landscape and industry dynamics impacting the potential portfolio company; 

Strengths and weaknesses of the potential investment s business strategy and industry outlook; and 

Results of a broad qualitative analysis of the company s products or services, market position and outlook, customers, suppliers and quality of management. 

If the results of this preliminary due diligence are satisfactory, the deal team prepares an executive summary that is presented to our Investment Adviser s investment committee in a meeting that includes all members of the portfolio and investment teams. This executive summary includes the following areas: 
 Company history and summary of product(s) and/or service(s); 

An overview of investors, anticipated capital sources and transaction timing; 

Investment structure and expected returns, including initial projected financial ratios; 

Analysis of historical financial results and key assumptions; 

Analysis of the company s business strategy; 

Analysis of the financial sponsor s relevant experience or expected strategy; 

Investment strengths, weaknesses and priority issues to be addressed in due diligence; and 

Pro forma capitalization and ownership. 

If our investment committee recommends moving forward, we will issue a non-binding term sheet or indication of interest to the potential portfolio company and, when applicable, its financial sponsor. If a term sheet is successfully negotiated, we will begin more formal due diligence and underwriting as we progress towards the ultimate investment approval and closing. 
 Due Diligence and Underwriting 
 The completion of due diligence deliverables is led by at least two investment professionals. However, all investment and portfolio team members are regularly updated with due diligence progress, especially any issues that emerge. The investment professionals leading the due diligence efforts are typically assigned to the original deal team that worked on the executive summary. However, post-term sheet deal teams sometimes contain one or more additional investment professionals and may include other professionals from business development, portfolio or other areas if a particular skill or experience set would be especially valuable in the due diligence process. The members of the underwriting team complete due diligence and analyze the relationships among the prospective portfolio company s business plan, operations and expected financial performance. Due diligence consists of some or all of the following: 
 On-site visits with management and relevant key employees; 

In-depth review of historical and projected financial statements, including covenant calculation work sheets; 

Interviews with customers and suppliers; 

Management background checks; 

Review of reports by third-party accountants, outside counsel and other industry, operational or financial experts, whether retained by us or the financial sponsor; 

Review of material contracts; and 

Review of financial sponsor s due diligence package and internal executive summaries. 

Typically, we utilize outside experts to analyze the legal affairs, accounting systems and financial results and, where appropriate, we engage specialists to investigate certain issues. During the underwriting process, significant, ongoing attention is devoted to sensitivity analyses regarding whether a company might bear a significant downside case and remain profitable and in compliance with assumed financial covenants. These downside scenarios typically involve assumptions regarding the loss of key customers and/or suppliers, an economic downturn, adverse regulatory changes and other relevant stressors that we attempt to simulate in our quantitative and qualitative analyses. Further, we continually examine the effect of these scenarios on financial ratios and other metrics. 
 During the underwriting process, the executive summary that was completed for the initial investment committee presentation is expanded upon into a full diligence memo and key findings are presented at subsequent, weekly meetings of the investment committee for continued discussion and, to the extent applicable, the investment committee issues new instructions to the underwriting team. 
 Approval, Documentation and Closing 
 The underwriting team for the proposed investment presents the full diligence memo and key findings from due diligence to the investment committee on an ongoing basis. Prior to the commencement of documentation, approval from the investment committee is sought and, if approved, the underwriting professionals heretofore involved proceed to documentation. 
 At all times during the documentation process, the underwriting professionals who conducted the due diligence remain involved; likewise, all extensively negotiated documentation decisions are made by the lead underwriting team member, in accordance with input from at least one investment committee member and guidance from outside counsel. As and to the extent necessary, key documentation challenges are brought before the investment committee for prompt discussion and 
 7 

resolution. Upon the completion of satisfactory documentation and the satisfaction of closing conditions, final approval is sought from the investment committee before closing and funding. 
 ONGOING RELATIONSHIPS WITH PORTFOLIO COMPANIES 
 Monitoring 
 Our Investment Adviser monitors our portfolio companies on an ongoing basis. It monitors the financial trends of each portfolio company to determine if it is meeting its business plan and to assess the appropriate course of action for each company. We generally require our portfolio companies to provide annual audited financial statements and quarterly unaudited financial statements, in each case, with management discussion and analysis and covenant compliance certificates, and monthly unaudited financial statements. Using the monthly financial statements, we calculate and evaluate all financial covenants and additional financial coverage ratios that might not be part of our covenant package in the loan documents. For purposes of analyzing a portfolio company s financial performance, we may adjust their financial statements to reflect pro forma results in the event of a recent change of control, sale, acquisition or anticipated cost savings. 
 Our Investment Adviser has several methods of evaluating and monitoring the performance and fair value of our investments, including the following: 
 Assessment of success in adhering to each portfolio company s business plan and compliance with covenants; 

Periodic and regular contact with portfolio company management and, if appropriate, the financial or strategic sponsor, to discuss financial position, requirements and accomplishments; 

Comparisons to our other portfolio companies in the industry, if any; 

Attendance at and participation in the board meetings; and 

Review of monthly and quarterly financial statements and financial projections for portfolio companies. 

AGREEMENTS 
 Investment Advisory Agreement 
 On July 1, 2021, the Company entered into an investment advisory agreement (the Investment Advisory Agreement with the Investment Adviser, which was approved by the Company s stockholders on May 27, 2021. Unless earlier terminated in accordance with its terms, the Investment Advisory Agreement will remain in effect until July 1, 2023, a period of two years from the date it first became effective and will remain in effect from year-to-year thereafter if approved annually by the Board or by a majority of our outstanding voting securities, including, in either case, by a majority of our directors who are not interested persons as such term is defined in Section 2(a)(19) of the 1940 Act Independent Directors ). Subject to the overall supervision of the Board, the Investment Adviser manages our day-to-day operations and provides investment advisory and management services to us. Under the terms of the Investment Advisory Agreement, the Investment Adviser: 
 determines the composition of our portfolio, the nature and timing of the changes to our portfolio, and the manner of implementing such changes; 

identifies, evaluates, and negotiates the structure of the investments we make (including performing due diligence on our prospective portfolio companies); 

closes and monitors the investments we make; and 

provides us with other investment advisory, research, and related services as we may from time to time require. 

The Investment Adviser s services under the Investment Advisory Agreement are not exclusive, and it is free to furnish similar services to other entities so long as its services to us are not impaired. 
 The Investment Advisory Agreement provides that, absent willful misfeasance, bad faith, or negligence in the performance of its duties or by reason of the reckless disregard of its duties and obligations, the Investment Adviser and its officers, managers, partners, agents, employees, controlling persons, members, and any other person or entity affiliated with it are entitled to indemnification from the Company for any damages, liabilities, costs, and expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees and amounts reasonably paid in settlement) arising from the rendering of our Investment Adviser s services under the Investment Advisory Agreement or otherwise as Investment Adviser for the Company. 
 Pursuant to the Investment Advisory Agreement, the Company has agreed to pay the Investment Adviser a fee for investment advisory and management services consisting of two components a base management fee and an incentive fee. 
 The base management fee is calculated at an annual rate of 1.75 of the gross assets, which are the total assets reflected on the consolidated statements of assets and liabilities and includes any borrowings for investment purposes. Although the Company does not anticipate making significant investments in derivative financial instruments, the fair value of any such investments, which will not necessarily equal their notional value, will be included in the calculation of gross assets. For services rendered under the Investment Advisory Agreement, the base management fee is payable quarterly in arrears. The base management fee is calculated based on the average value of the gross assets at the end of the two most recently completed calendar quarters, and appropriately adjusted for any share issuances or repurchases during the current calendar quarter. 
 The incentive fee consists of the following two parts: 
 The first part of the incentive fee is calculated and payable quarterly in arrears based on the pre-incentive fee net investment income for the immediately preceding calendar quarter. For this purpose, pre-incentive fee net investment income means interest income, dividend income, and any other income (including any other fees (other than fees for providing managerial assistance), such as commitment, origination, diligence, and consulting fees or other fees that we receive from portfolio companies) accrued during the calendar quarter, minus our operating expenses for the quarter (including the base management fee, expenses payable under the Administration Agreement to our Administrator, and any interest expense and dividends paid on any issued and outstanding preferred stock, but excluding the incentive fee). Pre-incentive fee net investment income includes, in the case of investments with a deferred interest feature (such as original issue discount, debt instruments with PIK interest and zero coupon securities), accrued income that we have not yet received in cash. Pre-incentive fee net investment income does not include any realized capital gains, computed net of all realized capital losses or unrealized capital appreciation or depreciation. Pre-incentive fee net investment income, expressed as a rate of return on the value of our net assets at the end of the immediately preceding calendar quarter, is compared to a hurdle of 2.0 per quarter (8.0 annualized). The Company pays the Investment Adviser an incentive fee with respect to the pre-incentive fee net investment income in each calendar quarter as follows: 
 no incentive fee in any calendar quarter in which the pre-incentive fee net investment income does not exceed the hurdle of 2.0 ; 

8 

100 of the pre-incentive fee net investment income with respect to that portion of such pre-incentive fee net investment income, if any, that exceeds the hurdle but is less than 2.5 in any calendar quarter (10.0 annualized). The Company refers to this portion of the pre-incentive fee net investment income (which exceeds the hurdle but is less than 2.5 as the catch-up. The catch-up is meant to provide the Investment Adviser with 20 of the pre-incentive fee net investment income as if a hurdle did not apply if this net investment income exceeds 2.5 in any calendar quarter; and 

20.0 of the amount of the pre-incentive fee net investment income, if any, that exceeds 2.5 in any calendar quarter (10.0 annualized) is payable to the Investment Adviser (once the hurdle is reached and the catch-up is achieved, 20.0 of all pre-incentive fee investment income thereafter is allocated to the Investment Adviser). 

The second part of the incentive fee is determined and payable in arrears as of the end of each calendar year, commencing on December 31, 2021, and equals 20.0 of the Company s realized capital gains, if any, on a cumulative basis with respect to each of the investments in the Company s portfolio from the fiscal quarter ending on or immediately prior to July 1, 2021 through the end of each calendar year, beginning with the calendar year ending December 31, 2021, computed net of all realized capital losses and unrealized capital depreciation on a cumulative basis from September 30, 2021 through the end of each calendar year, beginning with the calendar year ending December 31, 2021, less the aggregate amount of any previously paid capital gain fees under the Investment Advisory Agreement. Any realized capital gains, realized capital losses and unrealized capital depreciation with respect to the Company s portfolio as of the end of the fiscal quarter ending on or immediately prior to July 1, 2021 are excluded from the calculations of the capital gains fee. In the event that the Investment Advisory Agreement terminates as of a date that is not a calendar year end, the termination date will be treated as though it were a calendar year end for purposes of calculating and paying a capital gains fee. 
 The Company will defer cash payment of the portion of any incentive fee otherwise earned by the Investment Adviser that would, when taken together with all other incentive fees paid to the Investment Adviser during the most recent 12 full calendar month period ending on or prior to the date such payment is to be made, exceed 20.0 of the sum of (a) the pre-incentive fee net investment income during such period, (b) the net unrealized appreciation or depreciation during such period and (c) the net realized capital gains or losses during such period. Any deferred incentive fees will be carried over for payment in subsequent calculation periods to the extent such payment is payable under the Investment Advisory Agreement. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company did not have incentive fees payable to the Investment Adviser related to fees earned in prior years but deferred under the incentive fee deferral mechanism, respectively. 
 The Investment Adviser entered into a two-year contractual fee waiver (the Fee Waiver with the Company to waive, to the extent necessary, any capital gains fee under the Investment Advisory Agreement that exceeds what would have been paid to our prior investment adviser, Capitala Investment Advisors, LLC, in the aggregate over such two-year period under the prior advisory agreement. 
 Graphical Representation and Examples under the Investment Advisory Agreement 
 The following is a graphical representation of the calculation of the income-related portion of the incentive fee: 
 Quarterly Incentive Fee Based on Net Investment Income 
 Pre-incentive fee net investment income 
 (expressed as a percentage of the value of net assets) 
 
 Percentage of pre-incentive fee net investment income allocated to the Mount Logan Management LLC 
 These calculations are appropriately pro-rated for any period of less than three months and adjusted for any share issuances or repurchases during the relevant quarter. You should be aware that a rise in the general level of interest rates can be expected to lead to higher interest rates applicable to our debt investments. Accordingly, an increase in interest rates would make it easier for us to meet or exceed the incentive fee hurdle rate and may result in a substantial increase of the amount of incentive fees payable to our Investment Adviser with respect to pre-incentive fee net investment income. 
 Examples of Quarterly Incentive Fee Calculation under the Investment Advisory Agreement 
 Example 1: Income Related Portion of Incentive Fee 
 Alternative 1: 
 Assumptions 
 Investment income (including interest, dividends, fees, etc.) = 1.25 
 Hurdle rate (1) = 2.00 
 Management fee (2) = 0.50 
 Other expenses (legal, accounting, custodian, transfer agent, etc.) (3) = 0.20 Pre-incentive fee net investment income 
 (investment income (management fee + other expenses)) = 0.55 
 Pre-incentive net investment income does not exceed hurdle rate, therefore there is no incentive fee. 
 Alternative 2: 
 Assumptions 
 Investment income (including interest, dividends, fees, etc.) = 2.90 
 9 

Hurdle rate (1) = 2.00 
 Management fee (2) = 0.50 
 Other expenses (legal, accounting, custodian, transfer agent, etc.) (3) = 0.20 
 Pre-incentive fee net investment income 
 (investment income (management fee + other expenses)) = 2.20 

Incentive fee 

= 100 pre-incentive fee net investment income, subject to the catch-up (4) 

= 100 (2.20 2.00 

= 0.20 

Pre-incentive fee net investment income exceeds the hurdle rate, but does not fully satisfy the catch-up provision, therefore the income related portion of the incentive fee is 0.20 . 
 Alternative 3: 
 Assumptions 
 Investment income (including interest, dividends, fees, etc.) = 3.50 
 Hurdle rate (1) = 2.00 
 Management fee (2) = 0.50 
 Other expenses (legal, accounting, custodian, transfer agent, etc.) (3) = 0.20 
 Pre-incentive fee net investment income 
 (investment income (management fee + other expenses)) = 2.80 

Incentive fee 

= 20 pre-incentive fee net investment income, subject to catch-up (4) 

Incentive fee 

= 100 catch-up + (20 (pre-incentive fee net investment income 2.50 )) 

Catch-up 

= 2.50 2.00 

= 0.50 

Incentive fee 

= (100 0.50 + (20 (2.80 2.50 )) 

= 0.50 + (20 0.30 

= 0.50 + 0.06 

= 0.56 

Pre-incentive fee net investment income exceeds the hurdle rate, and fully satisfies the catch-up provision, therefore the income related portion of the incentive fee is 0.56 . 
 
 	The hypothetical amount of pre-incentive fee net investment income shown is based on a percentage of total net assets. 
 (1) Represents 8.00 annualized hurdle rate. 

(2) Represents 2.00 annualized management fee. 

(3) Excludes organizational and offering expenses. 

(4) The catch-up provision is intended to provide the Investment Adviser with an incentive fee of 20.00 on all of Logan Ridge s pre-incentive fee net investment income as if a hurdle rate did not apply when its net investment income exceeds 2.50 in any calendar quarter. 

Example 2: Capital Gains Portion of Incentive Fee 
 Alternative 1: 
 Assumptions 
 Year 1: 20 million investment made in Company A Investment A ), and 30 million investment made in Company B Investment B 

Year 2: Investment A sold for 50 million and fair market value FMV of Investment B determined to be 32 million 

Year 3: FMV of Investment B determined to be 25 million 

Year 4: Investment B sold for 31 million 

The capital gains portion of the incentive fee would be: 
 Year 1: None 

Year 2: Capital gains incentive fee of 6 million 30 million realized capital gains on sale of Investment A multiplied by 20.00 

10 

Year 3: None 

5 million (20.00 multiplied by 30 million cumulative capital gains less 5 million cumulative capital depreciation)) less 6 million (previous capital gains fee paid in Year 2). 
 Year 4: Capital gains incentive fee of 200,000 

6.2 million 31 million cumulative realized capital gains multiplied by 20.00 less 6 million (capital gains fee taken in Year 2). 
 Alternative 2: 
 Assumptions 
 Year 1: 20 million investment made in Company A Investment A ), 30 million investment made in Company B Investment B and 25 million investment made in Company C Investment C 

Year 2: Investment A sold for 50 million, FMV of Investment B determined to be 25 million and FMV of Investment C determined to be 25 million 

Year 3: FMV of Investment B determined to be 27 million and Investment C sold for 30 million 

Year 4: FMV of Investment B determined to be 24 million 

Year 5: Investment B sold for 20 million 

The capital gains incentive fee, if any, would be: 
 Year 1: None 

Year 2: 5 million capital gains incentive fee 

20.00 multiplied by 25 million 30 million realized capital gains on Investment A less unrealized capital depreciation on Investment B). 
 
 11 

Year 3: 1.4 million capital gains incentive fee (1) 

6.4 million (20.00 multiplied by 32 million 35 million cumulative realized capital gains less 3 million unrealized capital depreciation)) less 5 million capital gains fee received in Year 2. 
 Year 4: None 

Year 5: 

None 5 million (20.00 multiplied by 25 million (cumulative realized capital gains of 35 million less realized capital losses of 10 million)) less 6.4 million cumulative capital gains fee paid in Year 2 and Year 3. 
 
 (1) As illustrated in Year 3 of Alternative 2 above, if the Company were to be wound up on a date other than December 31 of any year, the Company may have paid aggregate capital gain incentive fees that are more than the amount of such fees that would be payable if the Company had been wound up on December 31 of such year. 

Example 3: Application of the Incentive Fee Deferral Mechanism 
 Assumptions 
 In each of Years 1 through 4 in this example pre-incentive fee net investment income equals 40.0 million per year, which we recognized evenly in each quarter of each year and paid quarterly. This amount exceeds the hurdle rate and the requirement of the catch-up provision in each quarter of such year. As a result, the annual income related portion of the incentive fee before the application of the deferral mechanism in any year is 8.0 million 40.0 million multiplied by 20.00 ). All income-related incentive fees were paid quarterly in arrears. 

In each year preceding Year 1, we did not generate realized or unrealized capital gains or losses, no capital gain-related incentive fee was paid and there was no deferral of incentive fees. 

Year 1: We did not generate realized or unrealized capital gains or losses. 

Year 2: We realized a 30.0 million capital gain and did not otherwise generate realized or unrealized capital gains or losses. 

Year 3: We recognized 5.0 million of unrealized capital depreciation and did not otherwise generate realized or unrealized capital gains or losses. 

Year 4: We realized a 6.0 million capital gain and did not otherwise generate realized or unrealized capital gains or losses. 

Income Related Incentive Fee Accrued Before Application of Deferral Mechanism 
 
 Capital Gains Related Incentive Fee Accrued Before Application of Deferral Mechanism 
 
 Incentive Fee Calculations 
 
 Incentive Fees Paid and Deferred 

Year 1 
 
 8.0 million 40.0 million multiplied by 20 
 
 None 
 
 8.0 million 
 
 Incentive fees of 8.0 million paid; no incentive fees deferred 

Year 2 
 
 8.0 million 40.0 million multiplied by 20 
 
 6.0 million (20 of 30.0 million) 
 
 14.0 million 
 
 Incentive fees of 14.0 million paid; no incentive fees deferred 

Year 3 
 
 8.0 million 40.0 million multiplied by 20 
 
 None (20 of cumulative net capital gains of 25.0 million 30.0 million in cumulative realized gains less 5.0 million in cumulative unrealized capital depreciation) less 6.0 million of capital gains fee paid in Year 2) 
 
 7.0 million (20 of the sum of (a) our pre-incentive fee net investment income, (b) our net unrealized appreciation or depreciation during such period and (c) our net realized capital gains or losses during Year 3) 
 
 Incentive fees of 7.0 million paid; 8.0 million of incentive fees accrued but payment restricted to 7.0 million; 1.0 million of incentive fees deferred 

Year 4 
 
 8.0 million 40.0 million multiplied by 20 
 
 0.2 million (20 of cumulative net capital gains of 31.0 million 36.0 million cumulative realized capital gains less 5.0 million cumulative unrealized capital depreciation) less 6.0 million of capital gains fee paid in Year 2) 
 
 8.2 million 
 
 Incentive fees of 9.2 million paid 8.2 million of incentive fees accrued in Year 4 plus 1.0 million of deferred incentive fees); no incentive fees deferred 

Prior Investment Advisory Agreement 
 On September 24, 2013, the Company entered into an investment advisory agreement (the Prior Investment Advisory Agreement with our Prior Investment Adviser, Capitala Investment Advisors, LLC Capitala ), which was initially approved by the Board on June 10, 2013. As described in our Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A, filed on May 4, 2021, which is incorporated herein by reference, the terms of the Prior Investment Advisory Agreement are substantially the same as those contained in the Investment Advisory Agreement, other than the reset of the capital gains incentive fee lookback feature to the date when Mount Logan assumed management of the Company. 
 Our Prior Investment Adviser is registered as an investment adviser under the Advisers Act. Subject to the overall supervision of our Board, our Prior Investment Adviser managed our day-to-day operations, and provided investment advisory and management services to us. Under the terms of our Prior Investment Advisory Agreement, the Prior Investment Adviser: 
 determined the composition of our portfolio, the nature and timing of the changes to our portfolio and the manner of implementing such changes; 

identified, evaluated and negotiated the structure of the investments we made (including performing due diligence on our prospective portfolio companies); 

closed and monitored the investments we made; and 

provided us with other investment advisory, research and related services as we may have from time to time required. 

12 

The Prior Investment Adviser s services under the Prior Investment Advisory Agreement were not exclusive, and it was free to furnish similar services to other entities so long as its services to us were not impaired. 
 Pursuant to the Prior Investment Advisory Agreement, we agreed to pay the Prior Investment Adviser a fee for investment advisory and management services consisting of two components a base management fee and an incentive fee. 
 Prior Management Fee 
 The prior base management fee was calculated at an annual rate of 1.75 of our gross assets, which was our total assets as reflected on our consolidated statements of assets and liabilities and included any borrowings for investment purposes. Although we did not anticipate making significant investments in derivative financial instruments, the fair value of any such investments, which would not necessarily equal their notional value, would be included in our calculation of gross assets. For services rendered under the Prior Investment Advisory Agreement, the base management fee was payable quarterly in arrears. The base management fee was calculated based on the average value of our gross assets at the end of the two most recently completed calendar quarters, and appropriately adjusted for any share issuances or repurchases during the current calendar quarter. 
 Prior Incentive Fee 
 The prior incentive fee consists of the following two parts: 
 The first part of the prior incentive fee was calculated and payable quarterly in arrears based on our pre-incentive fee net investment income for the immediately preceding calendar quarter. For this purpose, pre-incentive fee net investment income means interest income, dividend income and any other income (including any other fees (other than fees for providing managerial assistance), such as commitment, origination, diligence and consulting fees or other fees that we received from portfolio companies) accrued during the calendar quarter, minus our operating expenses for the quarter (including the base management fee, expenses payable under an administration agreement between us and the prior administrator (the Prior Administration Agreement ), and any interest expense and dividends paid on any issued and outstanding preferred stock, but excluding the prior incentive fee). Pre-incentive fee net investment income includes, in the case of investments with a deferred interest feature (such as original issue discount, debt instruments with PIK interest and zero coupon securities), accrued income that we have not yet received in cash. Pre-incentive fee net investment income did not include any realized capital gains, computed net of all realized capital losses or unrealized capital appreciation or depreciation. Pre-incentive fee net investment income, expressed as a rate of return on the value of our net assets at the end of the immediately preceding calendar quarter, was compared to a hurdle of 2.0 per quarter (8.0 annualized). We paid the Prior Investment Adviser an incentive fee with respect to our pre-incentive fee net investment income in each calendar quarter as follows: 
 no incentive fee in any calendar quarter in which our pre-incentive fee net investment income did not exceed the hurdle of 2.0 ; 

100 of our pre-incentive fee net investment income with respect to that portion of such pre-incentive fee net investment income, if any, that exceeded the hurdle but was less than 2.5 in any calendar quarter (10.0 annualized). We refer to this portion of our pre-incentive fee net investment income (which exceeded the hurdle but was less than 2.5 as the catch-up. The catch-up was meant to provide our Prior Investment Adviser with 20.0 of our pre-incentive fee net investment income as if a hurdle did not apply if this net investment income exceeded 2.5 in any calendar quarter; and 

20.0 of the amount of our pre-incentive fee net investment income, if any, that exceeded 2.5 in any calendar quarter (10.0 annualized) was payable to the Prior Investment Adviser (once the hurdle was reached and the catch-up was achieved, 20.0 of all pre-incentive fee investment income thereafter was allocated to the Prior Investment Adviser). 

The second part of the prior incentive fee was determined and payable in arrears as of the end of each calendar year (or upon termination of the Prior Investment Advisory Agreement, as of the termination date), and would equal 20.0 of our realized capital gains, if any, on a cumulative basis from inception through the end of each calendar year, computed net of all realized capital losses and unrealized capital depreciation on a cumulative basis, less the aggregate amount of any previously paid capital gain incentive fees with respect to each of the investments in our portfolio. 
 The Company would defer cash payment of the portion of any incentive fee otherwise earned by the Prior Investment Adviser that would, when taken together with all other prior incentive fees paid to the Prior Investment Adviser during the most recent 12 full calendar month period ending on or prior to the date such payment was to be made, exceed 20.0 of the sum of (a) the pre-incentive fee net investment income during such period, (b) the net unrealized appreciation or depreciation during such period and (c) the net realized capital gains or losses during such period. Any deferred incentive fees would be carried over for payment in subsequent calculation periods to the extent such payment was payable under the Prior Investment Advisory Agreement. 
 The Prior Investment Adviser voluntarily agreed to waive all or such portion of the quarterly incentive fees earned by the Prior Investment Adviser that would otherwise cause our quarterly net investment income to be less than the distribution payments declared by our Board. Quarterly prior incentive fees were earned by the Prior Investment Adviser pursuant to the Prior Investment Advisory Agreement. Prior Incentive fees subject to the waiver could not exceed the amount of incentive fees earned during the period, as calculated on a quarterly basis. The Prior Investment Adviser would not be entitled to recoup any amount of prior incentive fees that it waived. The waiver was effective in the fourth quarter of 2015 and continued through termination of the Prior Investment Advisory Agreement. 
 Payment of Our Expenses 
 The investment team of our Investment Adviser and their respective staffs, when and to the extent engaged in providing investment advisory and management services, and the compensation and routine overhead expenses of such personnel allocable to such services, are provided and paid for by the Investment Adviser. We bear all other costs and expenses of our operations and transactions, including (without limitation): 
 the cost of our organization; 

the cost of calculating our net asset value, including the cost of any third-party valuation services; 

the cost of effecting sales and repurchases of our shares and other securities; 

interest payable on debt, if any, to finance our investments; 

fees payable to third parties relating to, or associated with, making investments (such as legal, accounting, and travel expenses incurred in connection with making investments), including fees and expenses associated with performing due diligence reviews of prospective investments and advisory fees; 

transfer agent and custodial fees; 

fees and expenses associated with marketing efforts; 

13 

costs associated with our reporting and compliance obligations under the 1940 Act, the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the 1934 Act ), and other applicable federal and state securities laws, and ongoing stock exchange listing fees; 

federal, state and local taxes; 

independent directors fees and expenses; 

brokerage commissions; 

costs of proxy statements, stockholders reports and other communications with stockholders; 

fidelity bond, directors and officers liability insurance, errors and omissions liability insurance and other insurance premiums; 

direct costs and expenses of administration, including printing, mailing, telephone and staff; 

fees and expenses associated with independent audits and outside legal costs; and 

all other expenses incurred by either our Administrator or us in connection with administering our business, including payments under the Administration Agreement that will be based upon our allocable portion of overhead and other expenses incurred by our Administrator in performing its obligations under the Administration Agreement, including rent, the fees and expenses associated with performing compliance functions, and our allocable portion of any costs of compensation and related expenses of our chief compliance officer, our chief financial officer and their respective administrative support staff. 

Duration and Termination 
 On July 1, 2021, the Company entered into an investment advisory agreement (the Investment Advisory Agreement with the Investment Adviser, which was approved by the Company s stockholders on May 27, 2021. Unless earlier terminated in accordance with its terms, the Investment Advisory Agreement will remain in effect until July 1, 2023, a period of two years from the date it first became effective and will remain in effect from year-to-year thereafter if approved annually by the Board or by a majority of our outstanding voting securities, including, in either case, by a majority of our directors who are not interested persons as such term is defined in Section 2(a)(19) of the 1940 Act Independent Directors ). The Investment Advisory Agreement will automatically terminate in the event of its assignment. The Investment Advisory Agreement may also be terminated by either party without penalty upon not less than 60 days written notice to the other party. See Risk Factors Risks Relating to Our Business and Structure Our Investment Adviser has the right to resign on 60 days notice and we may not be able to find a suitable replacement within such time, resulting in a disruption in our operations that could adversely affect our financial condition, business and results of operations. 
 Indemnification 
 The Investment Advisory Agreement provides that, absent willful misfeasance, bad faith or gross negligence in the performance of its duties or by reason of the reckless disregard of its duties and obligations, the Investment Adviser and its officers, managers, partners, agents, employees, controlling persons, members and any other person or entity affiliated with it are entitled to indemnification from Logan Ridge for any damages, liabilities, costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees and amounts reasonably paid in settlement) arising from the rendering of the Investment Adviser s services under the Investment Advisory Agreement or otherwise as an investment adviser of Logan Ridge. 
 Organization of the Investment Adviser 
 The Investment Adviser is a Delaware limited liability company. The principal executive offices of the Investment Adviser are located at 650 Madison Avenue, 23rd Floor, New York, New York 10022. 
 Administration Agreement 
 BC Partners Management LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, serves as our administrator. The principal executive offices of our administrator are located at 650 Madison Avenue, 23rd Floor, New York, New York 10022. Pursuant to the Administration Agreement, our administrator furnishes us with office facilities, equipment and clerical, bookkeeping and record keeping services at such facilities. Under the Administration Agreement, our administrator also performs, or oversees the performance of, our required administrative services, which include, among other things, being responsible for the financial records that we are required to maintain and preparing reports to our stockholders. In addition, our administrator assists us in determining and publishing our net asset value, oversees the preparation and filing of our tax returns and the printing and dissemination of reports to our stockholders, and generally oversees the payment of our expenses and the performance of administrative and professional services rendered to us by others. Payments under the Administration Agreement are equal to an amount based upon our allocable portion of our administrator s overhead in performing its obligations under the Administration Agreement, including rent, the fees and expenses associated with performing compliance functions and our allocable portion of the compensation of our chief financial officer, chief compliance officer and our allocable portion of the compensation of their respective administrative support staff. Under the Administration Agreement, our administrator will also provide on our behalf managerial assistance to those portfolio companies that request such assistance. Unless terminated earlier in accordance with its terms, the Administration Agreement will remain in effect if approved annually by our Board. On July 1, 2021, we entered into the Administration Agreement. The Administration Agreement may be terminated by either party without penalty upon 60 days written notice to the other party. To the extent that our administrator outsources any of its functions, we will pay the fees associated with such functions on a direct basis without any incremental profit to our administrator. Stockholder approval is not required to amend the Administration Agreement. 
 The Administration Agreement provides that, absent willful misfeasance, bad faith or negligence in the performance of its duties or by reason of the reckless disregard of its duties and obligations, our administrator and its officers, managers, partners, agents, employees, controlling persons, members and any other person or entity affiliated with it are entitled to indemnification from Logan Ridge for any damages, liabilities, costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees and amounts reasonably paid in settlement) arising from the rendering of our administrator s services under the Administration Agreement or otherwise as administrator for Logan Ridge. 
 Prior Administration Agreement 
 The Prior Administration Agreement was initially approved by the Board on June 10, 2013 (the Prior Administration Agreement and signed on September 24, 2013. The principal executive offices of our Prior Administrator, Capitala Advisors Corp., are located at 4201 Congress Street, Suite 360, Charlotte, North Carolina 28209. The Prior Administrator, pursuant to a sub-administration agreement, engaged U.S. Bank Global Fund Services to act on behalf of the Prior Administrator in its performance of certain administrative services for us. The principal office of U.S. Bank Global Fund Services is 777 East Wisconsin Avenue, Milwaukee, Wisconsin 53202. Pursuant to the Prior Administration Agreement, our prior administrator furnished us with office facilities, equipment and clerical, bookkeeping and record keeping services at such facilities. Under the Prior Administration Agreement, our Prior Administrator also performed, or oversaw the performance of, our required administrative 
 14 

services, which included, among other things, being responsible for the financial records that we are required to maintain and preparing reports to our stockholders. In addition, our Prior Administrator assisted us in determining and publishing our net asset value, oversaw the preparation and filing of our tax returns and the printing and dissemination of reports to our stockholders, and generally oversaw the payment of our expenses and the performance of administrative and professional services rendered to us by others. Payments under the Prior Administration Agreement were equal to an amount based upon our allocable portion of our Prior Administrator s overhead in performing its obligations under the Prior Administration Agreement, including rent, the fees and expenses associated with performing compliance functions, and our allocable portion of the compensation of our chief financial officer, chief compliance officer and our allocable portion of the compensation of their respective administrative support staff. Under the Prior Administration Agreement, our Prior Administrator would also provide on our behalf managerial assistance to those portfolio companies that requested such assistance. Unless terminated earlier in accordance with its terms, the Prior Administration Agreement would remain in effect if approved annually by our Board. On July 30, 2020, the Board approved the renewal of the Prior Administration Agreement. The Prior Administration Agreement could be terminated by either party without penalty upon 60 days written notice to the other party. To the extent that our Prior Administrator outsourced any of its functions, we would pay the fees associated with such functions on a direct basis without any incremental profit to our Prior Administrator. Stockholder approval was not required to amend the Prior Administration Agreement. 
 Our Prior Administrator also provided administrative services to our Prior Investment Adviser. As a result, the Prior Investment Adviser would also reimburse our Prior Administrator for its allocable portion of our Prior Administrator s overhead, including rent, the fees and expenses associated with performing compliance functions for the Prior Investment Adviser, and its allocable portion of the compensation of any administrative support staff. The Prior Administration Agreement provided that, absent willful misfeasance, bad faith or negligence in the performance of its duties or by reason of the reckless disregard of its duties and obligations, our Prior Administrator and its officers, managers, partners, agents, employees, controlling persons, members and any other person or entity affiliated with it were entitled to indemnification from Logan Ridge for any damages, liabilities, costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees and amounts reasonably paid in settlement) arising from the rendering of our Prior Administrator s services under the Prior Administration Agreement or otherwise as administrator for Logan Ridge. 
 Prior License Agreement 
 We entered into a license agreement with the Prior Investment Adviser pursuant to which the Prior Investment Adviser agreed to grant us a non-exclusive, royalty-free license to use the name Capitala. Under this agreement, we had a right to use the Capitala name for so long as the Prior Investment Advisory Agreement with the Prior Investment Adviser was in effect. Other than with respect to this limited license, we had no legal right to the Capitala name. 
 Staffing 
 Logan Ridge has no employees. The Company is externally managed by the Investment Adviser, an affiliate of BC Partners, pursuant to the Investment Advisory Agreement. Mr. Goldthorpe, an interested member of the Board, has a direct or indirect pecuniary interest in the Investment Adviser. The Investment Adviser is a registered investment adviser under the Advisers Act. The Adviser is an affiliate of BC Partners Advisors L.P. for U.S. regulatory purposes. MLC is the ultimate control person of the Investment Adviser. 
 Under the Investment Advisory Agreement, fees payable to the Investment Adviser equal (i) the Base Management Fee and (ii) the Incentive Fee. Unless earlier terminated as described below, the Investment Advisory Agreement will remain in effect from year-to-year if approved annually by a majority of the Board or by the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares, and, in each case, a majority of the independent directors. 
 Pursuant to the Administration Agreement, the Administrator provides administrative services to the Company necessary for the operations of the Company, which include providing to the Company office facilities, equipment and clerical, bookkeeping and record keeping services at such facilities and such other services as the Administrator, subject to review by the Board, shall from time to time deem to be necessary or useful to perform its obligations under the applicable Administration Agreement. The Administrator also provides to the Company portfolio collection functions for and is responsible for the financial and other records that the Company is required to maintain and prepares, prints and disseminates reports to the Company s stockholders and reports and all other materials filed with the SEC. 
 For providing these services, facilities and personnel, the Company reimburses the Administrator the allocable portion of overhead and other expenses incurred by the Administrator in performing its obligations under the Administration Agreement, including the Company s allocable portion of the costs of compensation and related expenses of its chief financial officer, and chief compliance officer, and their respective staffs. 
 VALUATION PROCESS AND DETERMINATION OF NET ASSET VALUE 
 We determine the net asset value of our investment portfolio each quarter by subtracting our total liabilities from the fair value of our gross assets. 
 We conduct the valuation of our assets, pursuant to which our net asset value shall be determined, at all times consistent with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles U.S. GAAP and the 1940 Act. Our valuation procedures are set forth in more detail below: 
 Investment transactions are recorded on the trade date. Realized gains or losses on investments are calculated using the specific identification method as the difference between the net proceeds received (excluding prepayment fees, if any) and the amortized cost basis of the investment without regard to unrealized appreciation or depreciation previously recognized, and include investments charged off during the period, net of recoveries. Net change in unrealized appreciation or depreciation reflects the change in portfolio investment values during the reporting period, including any reversal of previously recorded unrealized appreciation or depreciation when gains or losses are recognized. 
 Investments for which market quotations are available are typically valued at those market quotations. To validate market quotations, the Company will utilize a number of factors to determine if the quotations are representative of fair value, including the source and number of the quotations. 
 Debt that is not publicly traded but for which there are external pricing sources available as of the valuation date is valued using independent broker-dealer, market maker quotations or independent pricing services. The valuation committee, comprised of members of the Adviser, (the Valuation Committee subjects these quotes to various criteria including, but not limited to, the number and quality of quotes, the deviation among the quotes and information derived from analyzing the Company s own transactions in such investments throughout the reporting period. Generally, such investments are categorized in level 2 of the fair value hierarchy, unless the Valuation Committee determines that the quality, quantity or deviation among quotes warrants significant adjustment to the inputs utilized. 
 The Board has designated the Adviser as its valuation designee pursuant to Rule 2a-5 under the 1940 Act, and in that role the Adviser is responsible for performing fair value determinations relating to all of the Company s investments, including periodically assessing and managing any material valuation risks and establishing and applying fair value methodologies, in accordance with valuation policies and procedures that have been approved by the Board. The Board remains ultimately responsible for fair value determinations under the 1940 Act and satisfies its responsibility through oversight of the valuation designee in accordance with Rule 
 15 

2a-5. Investments that are not publicly traded or whose market prices are not readily available, as is expected to be the case for substantially all of the Company s investments, are valued at fair value as determined in good faith by the Adviser, based on, among other things, input of independent third-party valuation firm(s). 
 The Adviser undertakes a multi-step valuation process, which includes, among other procedures, the following: 
 The Company s quarterly valuation process begins with each portfolio company or investment being initially valued using certain inputs, among others, provided by the investment professionals responsible for the portfolio investment in conjunction with the Company s portfolio management team. The Company utilizes an independent valuation firm to provide valuation on each material illiquid security at least once every trailing 12-month period; 

Preliminary valuations are reviewed and discussed with management of the Adviser and investment professionals; and 

The Adviser will review the valuations and determine the fair value of each investment. Valuations that are not based on readily available market quotations will be valued in good faith based on, among other things, the input of, where applicable, third parties. 

As part of the valuation process, the Adviser may consider other information and may use valuation methods including but not limited to (i) market quotes for similar investments, (ii) recent trading activity, (iii) discounting forecasted cash flows of the investment, (iv) models that consider the implied yields from comparable debt, (v) third party appraisal, (vi) sale negotiations and purchase offers received from independent parties and (vii) estimated value of underlying assets to be received in liquidation or restructuring. 
 Due to the inherent uncertainty of determining the fair value of investments that do not have a readily available market value, the fair value of our investments may fluctuate from period to period. Additionally, the fair value of such investments may differ significantly from the values that would have been used had a ready market existed for such investments and may differ materially from the values that may ultimately be realized. Further, such investments are generally less liquid than publicly traded securities and may be subject to contractual and other restrictions on resale. If the Company were required to liquidate a portfolio investment in a forced or liquidation sale, it could realize amounts that are different from the amounts presented and such differences could be material. 
 In addition, changes in the market environment and other events that may occur over the life of the investments may cause the gains or losses ultimately realized on these investments to be different than the unrealized gains or losses reflected herein. 
 Under existing accounting guidance, fair value is defined as the price that the Company would receive upon selling an investment or pay to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction to a market participant in the principal or most advantageous market for the investment. This accounting guidance emphasizes valuation techniques that maximize the use of observable market inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs. Inputs refer broadly to the assumptions that market participants would use in pricing an asset or liability, including assumptions about risk. Inputs may be observable or unobservable. Observable inputs are inputs that reflect the assumptions market participants would use in pricing an asset or liability developed based on market data obtained from sources independent of the Company. Unobservable inputs are inputs that reflect the assumptions market participants would use in pricing an asset or liability developed based on the best information available in the circumstances. 
 The Company classifies the inputs used to measure these fair values into the following hierarchy as defined by current accounting guidance: 
 Level 1: Unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that are accessible to the Company. 
 Level 2: Quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets, or quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active, or other observable inputs other than quoted prices. 
 Level 3: Significant inputs that are unobservable for an asset or liability. 
 A financial instrument s categorization within the valuation hierarchy is based upon the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. Investments for which no external pricing sources are available as of the valuation date are included in level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. 
 As a practical expedient, the Company uses net asset value NAV as the fair value for its equity investment in Great Lakes Funding II LLC Great Lakes II Joint Venture ). The Great Lakes II Joint Venture records its underlying investments at fair value on a quarterly basis in accordance with the 1940 Act and US GAAP. 
 Determinations in Connection with Offerings 
 In connection with certain future offerings of shares of our common stock, our Board, or an authorized committee thereof, will be required to make the determination that we are not selling shares of our common stock at a price below the then current net asset value of shares of our common stock at the time at which the sale is made. Our Board, or an authorized committee thereof, will consider the following factors, among others, in making such a determination: 
 the net asset value of shares of our common stock disclosed in the most recent periodic report that we filed with the SEC; 

our management s assessment of whether any material change in the net asset value of shares of our common stock has occurred (including through the realization of gains on the sale of our portfolio securities) during the period beginning on the date of the most recently disclosed net asset value of shares of our common stock and ending as of a time within 48 hours (excluding Sundays and holidays) of the sale of shares of our common stock; and 

the magnitude of the difference between (i) a value that our Board, or an authorized committee thereof, has determined reflects the current (as of a time within 48 hours, excluding Sundays and holidays) net asset value of shares of our common stock, which is based upon the net asset value of shares of our common stock disclosed in the most recent periodic report that we filed with the SEC, as adjusted to reflect our management s assessment of any material change in the net asset value of shares of our common stock since the date of the most recently disclosed net asset value of shares of our common stock, and (ii) the offering price of the shares of our common stock in the proposed offering. 

Moreover, to the extent that there is even a remote possibility that we may (i) issue shares of our common stock at a price per share below the then current net asset value per share of our common stock at the time at which the sale is made or (ii) trigger the undertaking (which we provide in certain registration statements we file with the SEC) to suspend the offering of shares of our common stock if the net asset value per share of our common stock fluctuates by certain amounts in certain circumstances until the prospectus is amended, our Board will elect, in the case of clause (i) above, either to postpone the offering until such time that there is no longer the possibility of the occurrence of such event or to undertake to determine the net asset value per share of our common stock within two days prior to any such sale to ensure that such sale will not be below our then current net asset value per share and, in the case of clause (ii) above, to comply with such undertaking or to undertake to determine the net asset value per share of our common stock to ensure that such undertaking has not been triggered. 
 These processes and procedures are part of our compliance policies and procedures. Records will be made contemporaneously with all determinations described in this section and these records will be maintained with other records that we are required to maintain under the 1940 Act. 
 16 

COMPETITION 
 We compete for investments with other BDCs and investment funds (including private equity funds, private credit funds, mezzanine funds and other SBICs), as well as traditional financial services companies such as commercial banks and other sources of funding. Additionally, competition for investment opportunities has emerged among alternative investment vehicles, such as collateralized loan obligations CLOs and other BDCs, some of which are sponsored by other alternative asset investors, as these entities have begun to focus on making investments in lower middle-market and traditional middle-market companies. As a result of these new entrants, competition for our investment opportunities may intensify. Many of these entities have greater financial and managerial resources than we do. We believe we will be able to compete with these entities primarily on the basis of our experience and reputation, our willingness to make smaller investments than other specialty finance companies, the contacts and relationships of our Investment Adviser, our responsive and efficient investment analysis and decision-making processes, and the investment terms we offer. 
 We believe that certain of our competitors may make first lien and second lien loans with interest rates and returns that will be comparable to or lower than the rates and returns that we will target. Therefore, we will not seek to compete solely on the interest rates and returns that we offer to potential portfolio companies. For additional information concerning the competitive risks we face, see Risk Factors Risks Relating to Our Business and Structure We operate in a highly competitive market for investment opportunities, which could reduce returns and result in losses. 
 ELECTION TO BE TAXED AS A RIC 
 As a BDC, the Company has elected to be treated, and intends to comply with the requirements to continue to qualify annually, as a RIC under subchapter M of the Code. As a RIC, we generally will not have to pay corporate-level U.S. federal income taxes on any income that we timely distribute to our stockholders as dividends. To qualify as a RIC, we must, among other things, meet certain source-of-income and asset diversification requirements (as described below). In addition, to qualify for RIC tax treatment we must distribute to our stockholders, for each taxable year, at least 90 of our investment company taxable income, which generally is our ordinary income plus the excess of our realized net short-term capital gains over our realized net long-term capital losses (the Annual Distribution Requirement ). 
 TAXATION AS A RIC 
 For any taxable year in which we: 
 qualify as a RIC; and 

satisfy the Annual Distribution Requirement, 

we generally will not be subject to U.S. federal income tax on the portion of our income we timely distribute to stockholders. We will be subject to U.S. federal income tax at the regular corporate rates on any income or capital gains not distributed to our stockholders. 
 We will be subject to a 4 nondeductible U.S. federal excise tax on certain undistributed income unless we distribute in a timely manner an amount at least equal to the sum of (1) 98 of our ordinary income for each calendar year, (2) 98.2 of our capital gain net income for the one-year period ending October 31 in that calendar year and (3) any ordinary and capital gain net income that we recognized in preceding years, but were not distributed during such years, and on which we paid no corporate-level U.S. federal income tax (the Excise Tax Distribution Requirement ). 
 In order to qualify as a RIC for U.S. federal income tax purposes, we must, among other things: 
 continue to qualify as a BDC under the 1940 Act at all times during each taxable year; 

derive in each taxable year at least 90 of our gross income from dividends, interest, payments with respect to loans of certain securities, gains from the sale or other disposition of stock, securities or foreign currencies, net income from certain qualified publicly traded partnerships, or other income derived with respect to our business of investing in such stock or securities (the 90 Income Test ); and 

diversify our holdings so that at the end of each quarter of the taxable year: 

at least 50 of the value of our assets consists of cash, cash equivalents, U.S. government securities, securities of other RICs, and other securities if such other securities of any one issuer do not represent more than 5 of the value of our assets or more than 10 of the outstanding voting securities of the issuer; and 

no more than 25 of the value of our assets is invested in the securities, other than U.S. government securities or securities of other RICs, of one issuer, of two or more issuers that are controlled, as determined under applicable Code rules, by us and that are engaged in the same or similar or related trades or businesses or of certain qualified publicly traded partnerships (the Diversification Tests ). 

In accordance with certain applicable Treasury regulations and other guidance issued by the Internal Revenue Service IRS ), a RIC may treat a distribution of its own stock as fulfilling its RIC distribution requirements if each stockholder may elect to receive his or her entire distribution in either cash or stock of the RIC, subject to a limitation that the aggregate amount of cash to be distributed to all stockholders must be at least 20 of the aggregate declared distribution. If too many stockholders elect to receive cash, each stockholder electing to receive cash must receive a pro rata amount of cash (with the balance of the distribution paid in stock). In no event will any stockholder, electing to receive cash, receive less than 20 of his or her entire distribution in cash. If these and certain other requirements are met, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, the amount of the dividend paid in stock will be equal to the amount of cash that could have been received instead of stock. We have no current intention of paying dividends in shares of our stock in accordance with these Treasury regulations or other applicable IRS guidance. 
 We may be required to recognize taxable income in circumstances in which we do not receive cash. For example, if we hold debt obligations that are treated under applicable tax rules as having original issue discount (such as debt instruments with PIK interest or, in certain cases, increasing interest rates or issued with warrants), we must include in income each year a portion of the original issue discount that accrues over the life of the obligation, regardless of whether cash representing such income is received by us in the same taxable year. We may also have to include in income other amounts that we have not yet received in cash, such as PIK interest, deferred loan origination fees that are paid after origination of the loan or are paid in non-cash compensation such as warrants or stock, or certain income with respect to equity investments in foreign corporations. Because any original issue discount or other amounts accrued will be included in our investment company taxable income for the year of accrual, we may be required to make a distribution to our stockholders in order to satisfy the Annual Distribution Requirement, even though we will not have received any corresponding cash amount. 
 Gain or loss realized by us from the sale or exchange of warrants acquired by us as well as any loss attributable to the lapse of such warrants generally will be treated as capital gain or loss. Such gain or loss generally will be long-term or short-term, depending on how long we held a particular warrant. 
 17 

Although we do not presently expect to do so, we are authorized to borrow funds and to sell assets in order to satisfy distribution requirements. However, under the 1940 Act, we are not permitted to make distributions to our stockholders while our debt obligations and other senior securities are outstanding unless certain asset coverage tests are met. Moreover, our ability to dispose of assets to meet our distribution requirements may be limited by (1) the illiquid nature of our portfolio and/or (2) other requirements relating to our status as a RIC, including the Diversification Tests. If we dispose of assets in order to meet the Annual Distribution Requirement or the Excise Tax Distribution Requirement, we may make such dispositions at times that, from an investment standpoint, are not advantageous. If we are prohibited from making distributions or are unable to obtain cash from other sources to make the distributions, we may fail to qualify as a RIC, which would result in us becoming subject to corporate-level U.S. federal income tax. 
 The remainder of this discussion assumes that we will qualify as a RIC and have satisfied the Annual Distribution Requirement. 
 Any transactions in options, futures contracts, constructive sales, hedging, straddle, conversion or similar transactions, and forward contracts will be subject to special tax rules, the effect of which may be to accelerate income to us, defer losses, cause adjustments to the holding periods of our investments, convert long-term capital gains into short-term capital gains, convert short-term capital losses into long-term capital losses or have other tax consequences. These rules could affect the amount, timing and character of distributions to stockholders. We do not currently intend to engage in these types of transactions. 
 A RIC is limited in its ability to deduct expenses in excess of its investment company taxable income (which is, generally, ordinary income plus net realized short-term capital gains in excess of net realized long-term capital losses). If our expenses in a given year exceed gross taxable income (e.g., as the result of large amounts of equity-based compensation), we would experience a net operating loss for that year. However, a RIC is not permitted to carry forward net operating losses to subsequent years. In addition, expenses can be used only to offset investment company taxable income, not net capital gain. Due to these limits on the deductibility of expenses, we may for U.S. federal income tax purposes have aggregate taxable income for several years that we are required to distribute and that is taxable to our stockholders even if such income is greater than the aggregate net income we actually earned during those years. Such required distributions may be made from our cash assets or by liquidation of investments, if necessary. We may realize gains or losses from such liquidations. In the event we realize net capital gains from such transactions, you may receive a larger capital gain distribution than you would have received in the absence of such transactions. 
 Investment income received from sources within foreign countries, or capital gains earned by investing in securities of foreign issuers, may be subject to foreign income taxes withheld at the source. In this regard, withholding tax rates in countries with which the United States does not have a tax treaty are often as high as 35 . The U.S. has entered into tax treaties with many foreign countries that may entitle us to a reduced rate of tax or exemption from tax on this related income and gains. The effective rate of foreign tax cannot be determined at this time since the amount of our assets to be invested within various countries is not now known. We do not anticipate being eligible for the special election that allows a RIC to treat foreign income taxes paid by such RIC as paid by its stockholders. 
 If we acquire stock in certain foreign corporations that receive at least 75 of their annual gross income from passive sources (such as interest, dividends, rents, royalties or capital gain) or hold at least 50 of their total assets in investments producing such passive income passive foreign investment companies ), we could be subject to U.S. federal income tax and additional interest charges on excess distributions received from such companies or gain from the sale of stock in such companies, even if all income or gain actually received by us is timely distributed to our stockholders. We would not be able to pass through to our stockholders any credit or deduction for such a tax. Certain elections may, if available, ameliorate these adverse tax consequences, but any such election requires us to recognize taxable income or gain without the concurrent receipt of cash. We intend to limit and/or manage our holdings in passive foreign investment companies to minimize our tax liability. 
 Foreign exchange gains and losses realized by us in connection with certain transactions involving non-dollar debt securities, certain foreign currency futures contracts, foreign currency option contracts, foreign currency forward contracts, foreign currencies, or payables or receivables denominated in a foreign currency are subject to Code provisions that generally treat such gains and losses as ordinary income and losses and may affect the amount, timing and character of distributions to our stockholders. Any such transactions that are not directly related to our investment in securities (possibly including speculative currency positions or currency derivatives not used for hedging purposes) could, under future Treasury regulations, produce income not among the types of qualifying income from which a RIC must derive at least 90 of its annual gross income. 
 FAILURE TO QUALIFY AS A RIC 
 If we fail to satisfy the 90 Income Test or the Diversification Tests for any taxable year, we may nevertheless continue to qualify as a RIC for such year if certain relief provisions are applicable (which may, among other things, require us to pay certain corporate-level U.S. federal income taxes or to dispose of certain assets). 
 If we were unable to qualify for treatment as a RIC and the foregoing relief provisions are not applicable, we would be subject to U.S. federal income tax on all of our taxable income at regular corporate rates, regardless of whether we make any distributions to our stockholders. Distributions would not be required, and any distributions would be taxable to our stockholders as ordinary dividend income to the extent of our current or accumulated earnings and profits and, subject to certain limitations, may be eligible for the 20 maximum rate for noncorporate taxpayers provided certain holding period and other requirements were met. Subject to certain limitations under the Code, corporate distributees would be eligible for the dividends-received deduction. Distributions in excess of our current and accumulated earnings and profits would be treated first as a return of capital to the extent of the stockholder s tax basis, and any remaining distributions would be treated as a capital gain. To requalify as a RIC in a subsequent taxable year, we would be required to satisfy the RIC qualification requirements for that year and dispose of any earnings and profits from any year in which we failed to qualify as a RIC. Subject to a limited exception applicable to RICs that qualified as such under the Code for at least one year prior to disqualification and that requalify as a RIC no later than the second year following the nonqualifying year, we could be subject to tax on any unrealized net built-in gains in the assets held by us during the period in which we failed to qualify as a RIC that are recognized within the subsequent five years, unless we made a special election to pay corporate-level U.S. federal income tax on such built-in gain at the time of our requalification as a RIC. 
 REGULATION 
 A BDC is regulated under the 1940 Act. A BDC must be organized in the U.S. for the purpose of investing in or lending to primarily private companies and making significant managerial assistance available to them. A BDC may use capital provided by public stockholders and from other sources to make long-term, private investments in businesses. A BDC provides stockholders the ability to retain the liquidity of a publicly traded stock while sharing in the possible benefits, if any, of investing in primarily privately owned companies. 
 We may not change the nature of our business so as to cease to be, or withdraw our election as, a BDC unless authorized by vote of a majority of the outstanding voting securities, as required by the 1940 Act. A majority of the outstanding voting securities of a company is defined under the 1940 Act as the lesser of: (a) 67 or more of such company s voting securities present at a meeting if more than 50 of the outstanding voting securities of such company are present or represented by proxy, or (b) more than 50 of the outstanding voting securities of such company. We do not anticipate any substantial change in the nature of our business. 
 As with other companies regulated by the 1940 Act, a BDC must adhere to certain substantive regulatory requirements. A majority of our directors must be independent directors. Additionally, we are required to provide and maintain a bond issued by a reputable fidelity insurance company to protect the BDC. Furthermore, 
 18 

as a BDC, we are prohibited from protecting any director or officer against any liability to us or our stockholders arising from willful misfeasance, bad faith, gross negligence or reckless disregard of the duties involved in the conduct of such person s office. 
 As a BDC, we are generally required to meet an asset coverage ratio, defined under the 1940 Act as the ratio of our gross assets (less all liabilities and indebtedness not represented by senior securities) to our outstanding senior securities, of at least 150 , if certain conditions are met, after each issuance of senior securities. On March 23, 2018, the Small Business Credit Availability Act (the SBCA was signed into law, which included various changes to regulations under the federal securities laws that impact BDCs. The SBCA included changes to the 1940 Act to allow BDCs to decrease their asset coverage requirement from 200 to 150 (i.e., the amount of debt may not exceed 66.7 of the value of our total assets), if certain requirements are met. On November 1, 2018, the Board, including a required majority (as such term is defined in Section 57(o) of the 1940 Act) approved the application of the modified asset coverage. As a result, our asset coverage requirements for senior securities were changed from 200 to 150 , effective November 1, 2019. 
 We may also be prohibited under the 1940 Act from knowingly participating in certain transactions with our affiliates without the prior approval of our directors who are not interested persons and, in some cases, prior approval by the SEC. On October 23, 2018, the SEC issued an order granting an application for exemptive relief to an affiliate of our Investment Adviser that allows BDCs managed by the Investment Adviser, including Logan Ridge, to co-invest, subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions, in certain private placement transactions, with other funds managed by the Investment Adviser or its affiliates and any future funds that are advised by the Investment Adviser or its affiliated investment advisers. Under the terms of the exemptive order, in order for Logan Ridge to participate in a co-investment transaction, a required majority (as defined in Section 57(o) of the 1940 Act) of Logan Ridge s independent directors must conclude that (i) the terms of the proposed transaction, including the consideration to be paid, are reasonable and fair to Logan Ridge and its stockholders and do not involve overreaching with respect of Logan Ridge or its stockholders on the part of any person concerned, and (ii) the proposed transaction is consistent with the interests of Logan Ridge s stockholders and is consistent with Logan Ridge s investment objectives and strategies and certain criteria established by the Board. We believe this relief may not only enhance our ability to further our investment objectives and strategies, but may also increase favorable investment opportunities for us, in part by allowing us to participate in larger investments, together with our co-investment affiliates, than would be available to us in the absence of such relief. 
 We are generally not permitted to issue and sell shares of our common stock at a price below net asset value per share. See Risk Factors Risks Relating to Our Business and Structure Regulations governing our operation as a BDC affect our ability to raise additional capital and the way in which we do so. As a BDC, the necessity of raising additional capital may expose us to risks, including the typical risks associated with leverage. We may, however, sell shares of our common stock, or warrants, options or rights to acquire our common stock, at a price below the then-current net asset value of our common stock if our Board determines that such sale is in our best interests and the best interests of our stockholders, and our stockholders approve our policy and practice of making such sales. In any such case, under such circumstances, the price at which shares of our common stock is to be issued and sold may not be less than a price which, in the determination of our Board, closely approximates the market value of such common stock. In addition, we may generally issue new shares of our common stock at a price below net asset value in rights offerings to existing stockholders, in payment of dividends and in certain other limited circumstances. 
 We will be periodically examined by the SEC for compliance with the 1940 Act. 
 As a BDC, we are subject to certain risks and uncertainties. See Risk Factors Risks Relating to Our Business and Structure. 
 QUALIFYING ASSETS 
 Under the 1940 Act, a BDC may not acquire any asset other than assets of the type listed in Section 55(a) of the 1940 Act, which are referred to as qualifying assets , unless, immediately after such acquisition is made, qualifying assets represent at least 70 of the BDC s gross assets. The principal categories of qualifying assets relevant to our proposed business are the following: 
 Securities purchased in transactions not involving any public offering, the issuer of which is an eligible portfolio company; 

Securities received in exchange for or distributed with respect to securities described in the bullet above or pursuant to the exercise of options, warrants or rights relating to such securities; and 

Cash, cash items, government securities or high quality debt securities (within the meaning of the 1940 Act), maturing in one year or less from the time of investment. 

An eligible portfolio company is generally a domestic company that is not an investment company (other than a SBIC wholly owned by a BDC) and that: 
 does not have a class of securities with respect to which a broker may extend margin credit at the time the acquisition is made; 

is controlled by the BDC and has an affiliate of the BDC on its board; 

does not have any class of securities listed on a national securities exchange; 

is a public company that lists its securities on a national securities exchange with a market capitalization of less than 250 million; or 

meets such other criteria as may be established by the SEC. 

Control, as defined by the 1940 Act, is presumed to exist where a BDC beneficially owns more than 25 of the outstanding voting securities of the portfolio company. 
 In addition, a BDC must have been organized and have its principal place of business in the U.S. and must be operated for the purpose of making investments in eligible portfolio companies, or in other securities that are consistent with its purpose as a BDC. 
 SIGNIFICANT MANAGERIAL ASSISTANCE TO PORTFOLIO COMPANIES 
 BDCs generally must offer to make available to the issuer of the securities significant managerial assistance, except in circumstances where either (i) the BDC controls such issuer of securities or (ii) the BDC purchases such securities in conjunction with one or more other persons acting together and one of the other persons in the group makes available such managerial assistance. Making available significant managerial assistance means, among other things, any arrangement whereby the BDC, through its directors, officers or employees, offers to provide, and, if accepted, does so provide, significant guidance and counsel concerning the management, operations or business objectives and policies of a portfolio company. 
 TEMPORARY INVESTMENTS 
 19 

Pending investment in other types of qualifying assets, as described above, our investments may consist of cash, cash equivalents, U.S. government securities or high-quality debt securities maturing in one year or less from the time of investment, which we refer to, collectively, as temporary investments, so that 70 of our assets are qualifying assets. Typically, we will invest in U.S. Treasury bills or in repurchase agreements, provided that such agreements are fully collateralized by cash or securities issued by the U.S. government or its agencies. 
 REPURCHASE AGREEMENTS 
 A repurchase agreement involves the purchase by an investor, such as us, of a specified security and the simultaneous agreement by the seller to repurchase it at an agreed-upon future date and at a price which is greater than the purchase price by an amount that reflects an agreed-upon interest rate. There is no percentage restriction on the proportion of our assets that may be invested in such repurchase agreements. However, if more than 25 of our gross assets constitute repurchase agreements from a single counterparty, we would not meet the diversification tests in order to qualify as a RIC under the Code. Thus, we do not intend to enter into repurchase agreements with a single counterparty in excess of this limit. Our Investment Adviser will monitor the creditworthiness of the counterparties with which we enter into repurchase agreement transactions. 
 SENIOR SECURITIES 
 We are permitted, under specified conditions, to issue multiple classes of indebtedness and one class of stock senior to our common stock if our asset coverage, as defined in the 1940 Act, is at least equal to 150 , if certain requirements are met, immediately after each such issuance. On June 10, 2014, we received an exemptive order from the SEC granting relief from the asset coverage requirements for certain indebtedness issued by Fund II and Fund III as SBICs. In addition, while any senior securities remain outstanding, we must make provisions to prohibit any distribution to our stockholders or the repurchase of such securities or shares unless we meet the applicable asset coverage ratios at the time of the distribution or repurchase. We may also borrow amounts up to 5 of the value of our gross assets for temporary or emergency purposes without regard to asset coverage. For a discussion of the risks associated with leverage, see Risk Factors Risks Relating to Our Business and Structure. 
 CODE OF ETHICS 
 We and our Investment Adviser have adopted a code of ethics pursuant to Rule 17j-1 under the 1940 Act and Rule 204A-1 under the Advisers Act that establishes procedures for personal investments and restricts certain transactions by our personnel. Our code of ethics generally does not permit investments by our employees in securities that may be purchased or held by us. Our code of ethics is also available on our website at www.loganridgefinance.com . 
 COMPLIANCE POLICIES AND PROCEDURES 
 We and our Investment Adviser have adopted and implemented written policies and procedures reasonably designed to detect and prevent violation of the federal securities laws and are required to review these compliance policies and procedures annually for their adequacy and the effectiveness of their implementation and designate a chief compliance officer to be responsible for administering the policies and procedures. David Held currently serves as our chief compliance officer. 
 SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act imposes a wide variety of regulatory requirements on publicly-held companies and their insiders. Many of these requirements affect us. For example: 
 pursuant to Rule 13a-14 of the 1934 Act, our chief executive officer and chief financial officer must certify the accuracy of the financial statements contained in our periodic reports; 

pursuant to Item 307 of Regulation S-K, our periodic reports must disclose our conclusions about the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures; 

pursuant to Rule 13a-15 of the 1934 Act, our management is required to prepare an annual report regarding its assessment of our internal control over financial reporting. As a non-accelerated filer, we are not currently required to obtain an audit of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting from our independent registered public accounting firm. 

pursuant to Item 308 of Regulation S-K and Rule 13a-15 of the 1934 Act, our periodic reports must disclose whether there were significant changes in our internal controls over financial reporting or in other factors that could significantly affect these controls subsequent to the date of their evaluation, including any corrective actions with regard to significant deficiencies and material weaknesses. 

The Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires us to review our current policies and procedures to determine whether we comply with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and the regulations promulgated thereunder. We will continue to monitor our compliance with all regulations that are adopted under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and will take actions necessary to ensure that we are in compliance therewith. 
 PROXY VOTING POLICIES AND PROCEDURES 
 We have delegated our proxy voting responsibility to the Investment Adviser. The proxy voting policies and procedures of the Investment Adviser are set forth below. The guidelines will be reviewed periodically by the Investment Adviser and our non-interested directors, and, accordingly, are subject to change. For purposes of the proxy voting policies and procedures described below, we, our and us refers to the Investment Adviser. 
 Introduction 
 An investment adviser registered under the Advisers Act has a fiduciary duty to act solely in the best interests of its clients. As part of this duty, we recognize that we must vote client securities in a timely manner free of conflicts of interest and in the best interests of our clients. 
 These policies and procedures for voting proxies for our investment advisory clients are intended to comply with Section 206 of, and Rule 206(4)-6 under, the Advisers Act. 
 Proxy Policies 
 20 

We will vote proxies relating to our portfolio securities in what we perceive to be the best interest of our clients stockholders. We will review on a case-by-case basis each proposal submitted to a stockholder vote to determine its impact on the portfolio securities held by our clients. Although we will generally vote against proposals that may have a negative impact on our clients portfolio securities, we may vote for such a proposal if there exist compelling long-term reasons to do so. 
 Our proxy voting decisions will be made by the senior officers who are responsible for monitoring each of our clients investments. To ensure that our vote is not the product of a conflict of interest, we will require that: (1) anyone involved in the decision making process disclose to our managing member any potential conflict that he or she is aware of and any contact that he or she has had with any interested party regarding a proxy vote; and (2) employees involved in the decision making process or vote administration are prohibited from revealing how we intend to vote on a proposal in order to reduce any attempted influence from interested parties. 
 Proxy Voting Records 
 You may obtain information about how we voted proxies by making a written request for proxy voting information to: Mount Logan Management LLC, LLC, 650 Madison Avenue, 23rd Floor, New York, New York 10022. 
 PRIVACY PRINCIPLES 
 We are committed to maintaining the privacy of our stockholders and to safeguarding their non-public personal information. The following information is provided to help you understand what personal information we collect, how we protect that information and why, in certain cases, we may share information with select other parties. 
 Generally, we do not receive any non-public personal information relating to our stockholders, although certain non-public personal information of our stockholders may become available to us. We do not disclose any non-public personal information about our stockholders or former stockholders to anyone, except as permitted by law or as is necessary in order to service stockholder accounts (for example, to a transfer agent or third-party administrator). 
 We restrict access to non-public personal information about our stockholders to employees of our Investment Adviser and its affiliates with a legitimate business need for the information. We maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards designed to protect the non-public personal information of our stockholders. 
 SMALL BUSINESS INVESTMENT COMPANY REGULATIONS 
 The Company, through its wholly owned subsidiaries Fund II and Fund III, historically used debenture leverage provided through the SBA to fund a portion of its investment portfolio. 
 As of December 31, 2020, the Company had 91.0 million of SBA-guaranteed debentures outstanding. On June 10, 2021, Fund III repaid all of its remaining SBA-guaranteed debentures. As of December 31, 2020, Fund III had total assets of 186.0 million collateralizing its SBA-guaranteed debentures. On June 10, 2014, the Company received an exemptive order from the SEC exempting the Company, Fund II, and Fund III from certain provisions of the 1940 Act (including an exemptive order granting relief from the asset coverage requirements for certain indebtedness issued by Fund II and Fund III as SBICs) and from certain reporting requirements mandated by the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, with respect to Fund II and Fund III. 
 On March 1, 2019, Fund II repaid its outstanding SBA-guaranteed debentures and relinquished its SBIC license. On June 10, 2021, Fund III repaid its SBA-guaranteed debentures and relinquished its SBIC license. As of both December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were no SBA-guaranteed debentures outstanding. 
 NASDAQ GLOBAL SELECT MARKET REQUIREMENTS 
 We have adopted certain policies and procedures intended to comply with the NASDAQ Global Select Market s corporate governance rules. We will continue to monitor our compliance with all future listing standards that are approved by the SEC and will take actions necessary to ensure that we are in compliance therewith. 
 AVAILABLE INFORMATION 
 Our corporate headquarters are located at 650 Madison Avenue, 23 rd Floor, New York, New York 10022. We maintain a website located at www.loganridgefinance.com and our phone number is (212) 891-2880. We make available free of charge on our website our proxy statement, annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports as soon as reasonably practical after we file such material with, or furnish to, the SEC. Information contained on our website is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K and you should not consider information contained on our website to be part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K or any other report we file with the SEC. 
 The SEC also maintains a website that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information we file with the SEC at www.sec.gov . 
 21 

financing on commercially reasonable terms, our liquidity could be reduced significantly. If we are unable to repay amounts outstanding under any debt facilities we may obtain and are declared in default or are unable to renew or refinance these facilities, we may not be able to operate our business in the normal course. These situations may arise due to circumstances that we may be unable to control, such as lack of access to the credit markets, a severe decline in the value of the U.S. dollar, another economic downturn or an operational problem that affects third parties or us and could materially damage our business. 
 
 . 

Additionally, to the extent that third parties, investors, or related customer bases have material operations or assets in Russia or Ukraine, they may have adverse consequences related to the ongoing conflict. 

Furthermore, if we cannot successfully operate our business or implement our investment policies and strategies, it could negatively impact our ability to make distributions. The Investment Adviser s capabilities in structuring the investment process, providing competent, attentive and efficient services to us, and facilitating access to financing on acceptable terms depend on the employment of investment professionals in an adequate number and of adequate sophistication to match the corresponding flow of transactions. To achieve our investment objective, the Investment Adviser may need to hire, train, supervise and manage new investment professionals to participate in our investment selection and monitoring process. The Investment Adviser may not be able to find investment professionals in a timely manner or at all. Failure to support our investment process could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. The Investment Advisory Agreement between the Investment Adviser and us has been approved pursuant to Section 15 of the 1940 Act. In addition, the Investment Advisory Agreement has termination provisions that allow the parties to terminate the agreement. The Investment Advisory Agreement may be terminated at any time, without penalty, by us or by the Investment Adviser, upon 60 days notice. If the agreement is terminated, we may not be able to find a new external investment adviser or hire internal management with similar expertise and ability to provide the same or equivalent services on acceptable terms within 60 days, or at all. If we are unable to do so quickly, our operations are likely to experience a disruption, our financial condition, business and results of operations as well as our ability to pay distributions are likely to be adversely affected. 

third-party service provider, sudden electrical or telecommunications outages, natural disasters such as earthquakes, tornadoes, and hurricanes, events arising from local or larger scale political or social matters, including terrorist attacks, and cyber-attacks could cause delays or other problems in our activities. Any of the above, in turn, could have a material adverse effect on our operating results and negatively affect the market price of our common stock and our ability to make distributions to our stockholders. 
 
 A disaster or a disruption in the infrastructure that supports our business, including a disruption involving electronic communications or other services used by us or third parties with whom we conduct business, or directly affecting our headquarters, could have a material adverse impact on our ability to continue to operate our business without interruption. Our disaster recovery programs may not be sufficient to mitigate the harm that may result from such a disaster or disruption. In addition, insurance and other safeguards might only partially reimburse us for our losses, if at all. Third parties with which we do business may also be sources of cybersecurity or other technological risk. We outsource certain functions and these relationships allow for the storage and processing of our information, as well as client, counterparty, employee and borrower information. While we engage in actions to reduce our exposure resulting from outsourcing, ongoing threats may result in unauthorized access, loss, exposure, destruction, or other cybersecurity incident that affects our data, resulting in increased costs and other consequences as described above. In addition, cybersecurity has become a top priority for regulators around the world, and some jurisdictions have enacted laws requiring companies to notify individuals of data security breaches involving certain types of personal data. If we fail to comply with the relevant laws and regulations, we could suffer financial losses, a disruption of our businesses, liability to investors, regulatory intervention or reputational damage. 

Risks Related to the Investment Adviser and its Affiliates 
 
 its employees. We pay our Administrator our allocable portion of overhead and other expenses incurred by our Administrator in performing its obligations under the Administration Agreement, including rent, the fees and expenses associated with performing compliance functions, and our allocable portion of the compensation of our chief financial officer, chief compliance officer and their respective administrative support staff. These arrangements create conflicts of interest that our Board must monitor. The Investment Adviser and its affiliates may also manage other funds in the future that may have investment mandates that are similar, in whole or in part to ours. To the extent permitted by the 1940 Act and interpretation of the SEC staff, the Investment Adviser and its affiliates may determine that an investment is appropriate for us and for one or more of those other funds. In such event, depending on the availability of such investment and other appropriate factors, the Investment Adviser or its affiliates may determine that we should invest side-by-side with one or more other funds. Any such investments will be made only to the extent permitted by applicable law and interpretive positions of the SEC and its staff, and consistent with the Investment Adviser s allocation procedures. As a BDC, we are substantially limited in our ability to co-invest in privately negotiated transactions with affiliated funds unless we obtain an exemptive order from the SEC. On October 23, 2018, the SEC issued an order granting an application for exemptive relief to an affiliate of our Investment Adviser that allows BDCs managed by the Investment Adviser, including the Company, to co-invest, subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions in certain private placement transactions, with other funds managed by the Investment Adviser or its affiliates and any future funds that are advised by the Investment Adviser or its affiliated investment advisers. Under the terms of the exemptive order, in order for the Company to participate in a co-investment transaction, a required majority (as defined in Section 57(o) of the 1940 Act) of the Company s independent directors must conclude that (i) the terms of the proposed transaction, including the consideration to be paid, are reasonable and fair to the Company and its stockholders and do not involve overreaching with respect of the Company or its stockholders on the part of any person concerned, and (ii) the proposed transaction is consistent with the interests of the Company s stockholders and is consistent with the Company s investment objectives and strategies and certain criteria established by the Board. We believe this relief may not only enhance our ability to further our investment objectives and strategies, but may also increase favorable investment opportunities for us, in part by allowing us to participate in larger investments, together with our co-investment affiliates, than would be available to us in the absence of such relief. In the ordinary course of business, we may enter into transactions with portfolio companies that may be considered related party transactions. In order to ensure that we do not engage in any prohibited transactions with any persons affiliated with us, we have implemented certain written policies and procedures whereby our executive officers screen each of our transactions for any possible affiliations between the proposed portfolio investment and us, companies controlled by us or our executive officers and directors. We will not enter into any agreements unless and until we are satisfied that doing so will not raise concerns under the 1940 Act or, if such concerns exist, we have taken appropriate actions to seek review and approval by our Board or exemptive relief for such transaction. Our Board will review these procedures on an annual basis. 

An affiliate of the Investment Adviser manages BC Partners Lending Corporation and Portman Ridge Finance Corporation, each of which is a BDC that invests primarily in debt and equity of privately-held middle-market companies, similar to our targets for investment. Therefore, there may be certain investment opportunities that satisfy the investment criteria for those BDCs and us. Each of BC Partners Lending Corporation and Portman Ridge Finance Corporation operates as a distinct and separate company and any investment in our common stock will not be an investment in either of those BDCs. In addition, certain of our executive officers serve in substantially similar capacities for BC Partners Lending Corporation and Portman Ridge Finance Corporation, and three of our independent directors serve as independent directors of those BDCs. 

The Investment Advisory Agreement and the Administration Agreement were negotiated between related parties. Consequently, their terms, including fees payable to the Investment Adviser and the Administrator, may not be as favorable to us as if they had been negotiated with an unaffiliated third-party. 

Risks Related to Business Development Companies 
 
 Also, any amounts that we use to service our indebtedness would not be available for distributions to our common stockholders. Furthermore, as a result of issuing senior securities, we would also be exposed to typical risks associated with leverage, including an increased risk of loss. As of December 31, 2022, we had 15.0 million of 5.25 fixed rate convertible notes due April 1, 2032 (the 2032 Convertible Notes and 50.0 million of 5.25 fixed rate notes due October 30, 2026 (the 2026 Notes outstanding. If we issue preferred stock, the preferred stock would rank senior to common stock in our capital structure, preferred stockholders would have separate voting rights on certain matters and might have other rights, preferences, or privileges more favorable than those of our common stockholders, and the issuance of preferred stock could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a transaction or a change of control that might involve a premium price for holders of our common stock or otherwise be in your best interests. We generally may not issue and sell our common stock at a price below net asset value per share. We may, however, sell our common stock, or warrants, options or rights to acquire our common stock, at a price below the then-current net asset value per share of our common stock if our Board determines that such sale is in our best interests and in the best interests of our stockholders, and our stockholders approve such sale. In any such case, the price at which our securities are to be issued and sold may not be less than a price that, in the determination of our Board, closely approximates the market value of such securities (less any commission or discount). If we raise additional funds by issuing more common stock or senior securities convertible into, or exchangeable for, our common stock, then the percentage ownership of our stockholders at that time will decrease, and you may experience dilution. In certain limited circumstances, pursuant to an SEC staff interpretation, we may also issue shares at a price below net asset value in connection with a transferable rights offering so long as: (1) the offer does not discriminate among stockholders; (2) we use our best efforts to ensure an adequate trading market exists for the rights; and (3) the ratio of the offering does not exceed one new share for each three rights held. If we raise additional funds by issuing more common stock or senior securities convertible into, or exchangeable for, our common stock, the percentage ownership of our stockholders at that time would decrease and they may experience dilution. Moreover, we can offer no assurance that we will be able to issue and sell additional equity securities in the future, on favorable terms or at all. 

changes in the financial condition or the market s assessment of the issuer. For the same reason, we may be more susceptible to failure if a single loan fails. The disposition or liquidity of a significant investment may also adversely impact our net asset value and our results of operations. Similarly, the aggregate returns we realize may be significantly adversely affected if a small number of investments perform poorly or if we need to write down the value of any one investment. 

Unsecured Debt. Our unsecured debt, including corporate bonds and subordinated, or mezzanine, investments generally rank junior in priority of payment to senior debt. This may result in a heightened level of risk and volatility or a loss of principal, which could lead to the loss of the entire investment. These investments may involve additional risks that could adversely affect our investment returns. To the extent interest payments associated with such debt are deferred, such debt may be subject to greater fluctuations in valuations, and such debt could subject us and our stockholders to non-cash income, including PIK interest and original issue discount. Loans structured with these features may represent a higher level of credit risk than loans that require interest to be paid in cash at regular intervals during the term of the loan. Since we generally will not receive any principal repayments prior to the maturity of some of our unsecured debt investments, such investments will have greater risk and may result in loss of principal. Equity Investments. To a limited extent, we make selected equity investments. In addition, when we invest in senior secured debt, including first lien loans and second lien loans, or unsecured debt, we may acquire warrants to purchase equity securities. Our goal is ultimately to dispose of these equity interests and realize gains upon our disposition of such interests. However, the equity interests we receive may not appreciate in value and, in fact, may decline in value. Accordingly, we may not be able to realize gains from our equity interests, and any gains that we do realize on the disposition of any equity interests may not be sufficient to offset any other losses we experience. Collateralized Securities, Structured Products and Other. To a limited extent, we invest in collateralized securities, structured products and other similar securities, which may include CDOs, CBOs, CLOs, structured notes and credit-linked notes. Investments in such securities and products involve risks, including, without limitation, credit risk and market risk. Certain of these securities and products may be thinly traded or have a limited trading market. Where our investments in collateralized securities, structured products and other similar securities are based upon the movement of one or more factors, including currency exchange rates, interest rates, reference bonds (or loans) and stock indices, depending on the factor used and the use of multipliers or deflators, changes in interest rates and movement of any factor may cause significant price fluctuations. Additionally, changes in the reference instrument or security may cause the interest rate on such a security or product to be reduced to zero, and any further changes in the reference instrument may then reduce the principal amount payable on maturity of the security or product. Collateralized securities, structured products and other similar securities may be less liquid than other types of securities and more volatile than the reference instrument or security underlying the product. Non-U.S. Securities. We may invest in non-U.S. securities, which may include securities denominated in U.S. dollars or in non-U.S. currencies, to the extent permitted by the 1940 Act. Because evidence of ownership of such securities usually are held outside the United States, we would be subject to additional risks if we invested in non-U.S. securities, which include possible adverse political and economic developments, seizure or nationalization of foreign deposits and adoption of governmental restrictions which might adversely affect or restrict the payment of principal and interest on the non-U.S. securities to investors located outside the country of the issuer, whether from currency blockage or otherwise. Since non-U.S. securities may be purchased with and payable in foreign currencies, the value of these assets as measured in U.S. dollars may be affected unfavorably by changes in current rates and exchange control regulations. In addition, we invest in debt securities that are rated below investment grade by rating agencies or that would be rated below investment grade if they were rated. Debt securities rated below investment grade quality are generally regarded as having predominantly speculative characteristics and may carry a greater risk with respect to a borrower s capacity to pay interest and repay principal. They may also be difficult to value and illiquid. Further, investing in lower middle-market and traditional middle-market companies involves a number of significant risks. See also Investment in private and middle market companies involves a number of significant risks. 

such companies may have difficulty accessing the capital markets to meet future capital needs, which may limit their ability to grow or to repay their outstanding indebtedness upon maturity. 

The publication of all EUR and CHF LIBOR settings, the Spot Next/Overnight, 1 week, 2 month and 12 month JPY and GBP LIBOR settings, and the 1 week and 2 months USD LIBOR settings has ceased. The publication of the overnight, 1 month, 3 month, 6 month, and 12 months USD LIBOR settings will cease after June 30, 2023. The FCA plans to consult the market on creating synthetic 1 month, 3 month and 6 month rates for GBP and JPY LIBOR, to be published for a limited time. The New York State legislation was signed into law to aid tough legacy LIBOR contracts. Other legislative solutions are being pursued at the Federal level, in the U.K. and in Europe. The U.S. Federal banking agencies have also issued guidance encouraging banking and global organizations to cease reference to USD LIBOR as soon as practicable and, in any event, by December 31, 2021. The E.U. Benchmarks Regulation imposed conditions under which only compliant benchmarks may be used in new contracts after 2021. The ARRC has identified the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR as its preferred alternative rate for LIBOR. SOFR is a measure of the cost of borrowing cash overnight, collateralized by the U.S. Treasury securities, and is based on directly observable U.S. Treasury-backed repurchase transactions. Although SOFR appears to be the preferred replacement rate for U.S. dollar LIBOR, it is not possible at this time to predict the effect of any such changes, any establishment of alternative reference rates, whether the COVID-19 pandemic will have further effect on LIBOR transition timelines or plans, or other reforms to LIBOR that may be enacted in the United States, United Kingdom or elsewhere. The discontinuation of LIBOR could have a significant impact on our business. We anticipate significant operational challenges for the transition away from LIBOR, including, but not limited to, amending existing loan agreements with borrowers on investments that may have not been modified with fallback language and adding effective fallback language to new agreements in the event that LIBOR is discontinued before maturity. Beyond these challenges, we anticipate there may be additional risks to our current processes and information systems that we will need to identify and evaluate. Due to the uncertainty of the replacement for LIBOR, the potential effect of any such event on our cost of capital and net investment income cannot yet be determined. In addition, any further changes or reforms to the determination or supervision of LIBOR may result in a sudden or prolonged increase or decrease in reported LIBOR, which could have an adverse impact on the market value of any LIBOR-linked securities, loans and other financial obligations or extensions of credit held by or due to us and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

new global capital regulations, even if not directly applicable to us, may cause an increase in the pricing of derivatives transactions entered into by market participants to whom such requirements apply or affect our overall ability to enter into derivatives transactions with certain counterparties. Such new global capital regulations and the need to satisfy the various requirements by counterparties are resulting in increased funding costs, increased overall transaction costs, and significantly affecting balance sheets, thereby resulting in changes to financing terms and potentially impacting our ability to obtain financing. Administrative costs, due to new requirements such as registration, recordkeeping, reporting, and compliance, even if not directly applicable to us, may also be reflected in our derivatives transactions. New requirements to trade certain derivatives transactions on electronic trading platforms and trade reporting requirements may lead to (among other things) fragmentation of the markets, higher transaction costs or reduced availability of derivatives, and/or a reduced ability to hedge, all of which could adversely affect the performance of certain of our trading strategies. In addition, changes to derivatives regulations may impact the tax and/or accounting treatment of certain derivatives, which could adversely impact us. In August 2022, new Rule 18f-4 under the 1940 Act became effective. This rule relates to the ability of a BDC (or a registered investment company) to use derivatives and other transactions that create future payment or delivery obligations. Under the new rule, BDCs that make significant use of derivatives are required to operate subject to a value-at-risk leverage limit, adopt a derivatives risk management program and appoint a derivatives risk manager, and comply with various testing and board reporting requirements. These new requirements apply unless the BDC qualifies as a limited derivatives user, as defined in the rule. Under an exemption included in the rule, a BDC may enter into an unfunded commitment agreement, such as an agreement to provide financing to a portfolio company, without treating the transaction as an derivatives transaction, provided that the BDC has, among other things, a reasonable belief, at the time it enters into such an agreement, that it will have sufficient cash and cash equivalents to meet its obligations with respect to all of its unfunded commitment agreements, in each case as the obligation becomes due. We currently operate and intend to continue to operate as a limited derivatives user, which may limit our ability to use derivatives and/or enter into certain other financial contracts. The Company intends to limit its engagement in derivative transactions such that it will qualify as a limited derivatives user for purposes of Rule 18f-4 such that the Company will be subject to substantially fewer substantive requirements under that rule than would be the case if it did not so qualify. However, there is no guarantee that the Company will meet or continue to meet such qualifications, and, as a result, there is a risk that the Company may become subject to more onerous requirements under Rule 18f-4 than currently intended. 

credit risk, illiquidity and limited voting rights. Our goal is ultimately to realize gains upon our disposition of such equity interests. However, the equity interests we receive may not appreciate in value and, in fact, may decline in value. Accordingly, we may not be able to realize gains from our equity interests, and any gains that we do realize on the disposition of any equity interests may not be sufficient to offset any other losses we experience. We also may be unable to realize any value if a portfolio company does not have a liquidity event, such as a sale of the business, recapitalization or public offering, which would allow us to sell the underlying equity interests. We will often seek puts or similar rights to give us the right to sell our equity securities back to the portfolio company issuer. We may be unable to exercise these put rights for the consideration provided in our investment documents if the issuer is in financial distress. 

Recent supply chain disruptions, including the global microchip shortage, may have an adverse impact on the business of our portfolio companies. Potential adverse impacts to certain of our portfolio companies may include, among others, increased costs, inventory shortages, shipping and project completion delays, and inability to meet customer demand. 
 Risks Related to Debt Financing 
 
 - 
 
 - 

(1) 

U.S. Federal Income Tax Risks 
 Due to disruptions in the economy, we may take certain actions with respect to the timing and amounts of our distributions in order to preserve cash and maintain flexibility. For example, the COVID-19 pandemic had an impact on our ability to declare distributions. In addition, we may reduce our dividends and/or defer our dividends to the following taxable year. If we defer our dividends, we may choose to utilize the spillover dividend rules discussed above and incur the 4.0 U.S. federal excise tax on such amounts. To further preserve cash, we may combine these reductions or deferrals of dividends with one or more distributions that are payable partially in our common stock as discussed below under We may in the future choose to pay dividends in our own common stock, in which case you may be required to pay tax in excess of the cash you receive. 

negatively affect our ability to qualify for tax treatment as a RIC or the U.S. federal income tax consequences to us and our investors of such qualification or could have other adverse consequences. Investors are urged to consult with their tax advisor regarding tax legislative, regulatory or administrative developments and proposals and their potential effect on an investment in our securities. 
 Risks Relating to an Investment in Our Common Stock 

were to exceed the net rate of return on our portfolio, the leverage would result in a lower rate of return to the holders of common stock than if we had not issued preferred stock. Any decline in the net asset value of our investments would be borne entirely by the holders of common stock. Therefore, if the market value of our portfolio were to decline, the leverage would result in a greater decrease in net asset value to the holders of common stock than if we were not leveraged through the issuance of preferred stock. This greater net asset value decrease would also tend to cause a greater decline in the market price for the common stock. We might be in danger of failing to maintain the required asset coverage of the preferred stock or of losing our ratings, if any, on the preferred stock or, in an extreme case, our current investment income might not be sufficient to meet the dividend requirements on the preferred stock. In order to counteract such an event, we might need to liquidate investments in order to fund a redemption of some or all of the preferred stock. In addition, we would pay (and the holders of common stock would bear) all costs and expenses relating to the issuance and ongoing maintenance of the preferred stock, including higher advisory fees if our total return exceeds the dividend rate on the preferred stock. Holders of preferred stock may have different interests than holders of common stock and may at times have disproportionate influence over our affairs. 

general economic conditions and trends and other external factors. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 None. 
 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 Our corporate headquarters are located at 650 Madison Avenue , 23 rd Floor , New York , New York 10022, and are provided by our Administrator in accordance with the terms of the Administration Agreement. We believe that our office facilities are suitable and adequate for our business as it is contemplated to be conducted. 
 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 We and our subsidiaries are not currently subject to any material legal proceedings, nor, to our knowledge, is any material legal proceeding threatened against us or our subsidiaries. From time to time, we, or our subsidiaries may be a party to certain legal proceedings in the ordinary course of business, including proceedings relating to the enforcement of our rights under contracts with our portfolio companies. Our business is also subject to extensive regulation, which may result in regulatory proceedings against us. While the outcome of these legal proceedings, if any, cannot be predicted with certainty, we do not expect that these proceedings will have a material effect upon our financial condition or results of operations. 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not applicable. 
 46 

PART II 
 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

HOLDERS 
 The last reported price for shares of our common stock on March 3, 2023 was 24.17 per share. As of March 3, 2023, there were 24 holders of record of shares of our common stock. 

December 31, 2022 

Fourth Quarter 

() 

() 

Third Quarter 

() 

() 

Second Quarter 

() 

() 

First Quarter 

() 

() 

December 31, 2021 

Fourth Quarter 

() 

() 

Third Quarter 

() 

() 

Second Quarter 

() 

() 

First Quarter 

() 

() 

(1) Net asset value per share is determined as of the last day in the relevant quarter and therefore may not reflect the net asset value per share on the date of the high and low sales prices. The net asset values shown are based on outstanding shares at the end of each period. 

 (2) Calculated as of the respective high or low intraday sales price divided by the quarter end NAV and subtracting 1. 

 (3) Unless otherwise noted, represents the distribution paid or to be paid in the specified quarter. See Distributions for detail related to tax characteristics of distributions paid. 

 Not determinable at the time of filing 

 Shares of BDCs may trade at a market price that is less than the value of the net assets attributable to those shares. The possibility that our shares of common stock will trade at a discount from NAV or at premiums that are unsustainable over the long term are separate and distinct from the risk that our NAV will decrease. Since our initial public offering on September 25, 2013, our shares of common stock have traded at times at both a discount and a premium to the net assets attributable to those shares. As of March 3, 2023, shares of our common stock traded at a discount of approximately of the NAV attributable to those shares as of December 31, 2022. It is not possible to predict whether shares of our common stock will trade at, above, or below NAV. 
 DISTRIBUTIONS 
 In order to qualify as a RIC and to avoid corporate-level U.S. federal income tax on the income we timely distribute to our stockholders, we are required to distribute at least 90 of our ordinary income and our net short-term capital gains in excess of net long-term capital losses, if any, to our stockholders on an annual basis. Additionally, we must distribute an amount at least equal to the sum of 98 of our ordinary income (during the calendar year) plus 98.2 of our capital gain net income (during each 12-month period ending on October 31) plus any ordinary income and capital gain net income that we recognized for preceding years, but were not distributed during such years, and on which we paid no U.S. federal income tax to avoid a U.S. federal excise tax. We made quarterly distributions to our stockholders for the first four full quarters subsequent to our IPO. To the extent we had income available, we made monthly distributions to our stockholders from October 30, 2014 until March 30, 2020. As announced on April 1, 2020, distributions, if any, will be made on a quarterly basis effective for the second quarter of 2020. Our stockholder distributions, if any, will be determined by our Board on a quarterly basis. Any distributions to our stockholders will be declared out of assets legally available for distribution. The Company s Board determined not to declare any distributions during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 We may not be able to achieve operating results that will allow us to make distributions at a specific level or to increase the amount of our distributions from time to time, and from time to time we may decrease the amount of our distributions. In addition, we may be limited in our ability to make distributions due to the asset coverage requirements applicable to us as a BDC under the 1940 Act. If we do not distribute a certain percentage of our income annually, we will suffer adverse tax consequences, including the possible loss of our qualification as a RIC. We cannot assure stockholders that they will receive any distributions. 
 To the extent our taxable earnings fall below the total amount of our distributions for that fiscal year, a portion of those distributions may be deemed a return of capital to our stockholders for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Thus, the source of a distribution to our stockholders may be the original capital invested by the stockholder rather than our income or gains. Stockholders should read any written disclosure accompanying any stockholder distribution carefully and should not assume that the source of any distribution is our ordinary income or capital gains. 
 We have adopted an opt out dividend reinvestment plan DRIP for our common stockholders. As a result, if we declare a distribution, then stockholders cash distributions will be automatically reinvested in additional shares of our common stock unless a stockholder specifically opts out of our DRIP. If a stockholder opts out, that stockholder will receive cash distributions. Although distributions paid in the form of additional shares of our common stock will generally be subject to 
 47 

U.S. federal, state and local taxes in the same manner as cash distributions, stockholders participating in our DRIP will not receive any corresponding cash distributions with which to pay any such applicable taxes. 
 PERFORMANCE GRAPH 
 The following graph compares the cumulative return on shares of our common stock with that of the Standard Poor s 500 Stock Index and the NASDAQ Financial 100 index, as we do not believe there is an appropriate index of companies with an investment strategy similar to our own with which to compare the return on shares of our common stock, for the period from December 31, 2017 through December 31, 2022. The graph assumes that on December 31, 2017, a person invested 100 in each share of our common stock, the Standard Poor s 500 Stock Index and the NASDAQ Financial 100 index. The graph measures total stockholder return, which takes into account both changes in stock price and dividends. The graph also assumes that dividends paid are reinvested in the same class of equity securities at the frequency with which dividends are paid on such securities during the applicable fiscal year. 

The graph and other information furnished under this Part II, Item 5 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K shall not be deemed to be soliciting material or to be filed with the SEC or subject to Regulation 14A or 14C under, or to the liabilities of Section 18 of the 1934 Act. The stock price performance included in the above graph is not necessarily indicative of future stock price performance. 

Stockholder transaction expenses: 

Sales load (as a percentage of offering price) 
 
 N/A (1) 

Offering expenses borne by us (as a percentage of offering price) 
 
 N/A (2) 

Dividend reinvestment plan fees (per sales transaction fee) 
 
 (3) 

Total stockholder transaction expenses (as a percentage of offering price) 

Annual expenses (as a percentage of net assets attributable to common stock): 

Base management fee 
 
 (4) 

Incentive fees payable from Net Investment Income 
 
 (5) 

Incentive fee payable from Capital Gains 
 
 (5) 

Interest payments on borrowed funds 
 
 (6) 

Other expenses 
 
 (7) 

Acquired fund fees and expenses 
 
 (8) 

Total stockholder transaction expenses (as a percentage of offering price) 
 
 (9) 
 
 (1) In the event that any shares are sold to or through underwriters, a prospectus supplement will disclose the applicable sales load. 

 (2) The prospectus supplement corresponding to each offering will disclose the applicable estimated amount of offering expenses of the offering and the offering expenses borne by us as a percentage of the offering price. 

 (3) If a participant elects by written notice to the plan administrator to have the plan administrator sell part or all of the shares held by the plan administrator in the participant s account and remit the proceeds to the participant, the plan administrator is authorized to deduct a transaction fee of 15.00 plus a 0.10 per share brokerage commission from the proceeds. The expenses of the dividend reinvestment plan are included in other expenses. The plan administrator s fees will be paid by us. There will be no brokerage charges or other charges to stockholders who participate in the plan. 

 (4) Reflects our gross base management fee as a percentage of net assets. Our base management fee under the Investment Advisory Agreement is calculated at an annual rate of 1.75 of our gross assets, which is our total assets as reflected on our balance sheet and includes any borrowings for investment purposes. The gross base management fee reflected in the table above is based on the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. See Investment Advisory Agreement. 

 (5) Assumes that annual incentive fees earned by Mount Logan Management LLC remain consistent with the incentive fees earned by Mount Logan Management LLC during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 and includes accrued capital gains incentive fee. As of December 31, 2022, Mount Logan Management LLC has accrued no capital gains incentive fee. As we cannot predict 

 whether we will meet the thresholds for incentive fees under the Investment Advisory Agreement, the incentive fees paid in subsequent periods, if any, may be substantially different than the fees incurred during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. For more detailed information about the incentive fee calculations, see Part I, Item 1. Business, Agreements, Investment Advisory Agreement section of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

 (6) As of December 31, 2022, we had 19.1 million of unused borrowing capacity, subject to maintenance of the applicable total assets to debt ratio, under the 1940 Act. As of such date, we had 55.9 million in borrowings outstanding under our 75.0 million KeyBank Credit Facility, 50.0 million in aggregate principal of 2026 Notes and 15.0 million in aggregate principal of 2032 Convertible Notes. Annual interest expense on borrowed funds represents actual interest expense incurred for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, as well as deferred financing costs, amendment costs and make-whole premiums, if any. We caution you that our actual interest expense will depend on prevailing interest rates and our rate of borrowing, which may be substantially higher than the estimate provided in this table. 

 (7) 

(9) 

The example should not be considered a representation of future expenses, and actual expenses may be greater or less than those shown. While the example assumes, as required by the applicable rules of the SEC, a 5.0 annual return, our performance will vary and may result in a return greater or less than 5.0 . The incentive fee under the Investment Advisory Agreement, which, assuming a 5.0 annual return, would either not be payable or would have an insignificant impact on the expense amounts shown above, is not included in the above example. The above illustration assumes that we will not realize any capital gains (computed net of all realized capital losses and unrealized capital depreciation) in any of the indicated time periods. If we achieve sufficient returns on our investments, including through the realization of capital gains, to trigger an incentive fee of a material amount, our expenses and returns to our investors would be higher. For example, if we assumed that we received our 5.0 annual return completely in the form of net realized capital gains on our investments, computed net of all cumulative unrealized depreciation on our investments, the projected dollar amount of total cumulative expenses set forth in the above illustration would be as follows: 

1 Year 

3 Years 

5 Years 

10 Years 

You would pay the following expenses on a 1,000 investment, assuming a 5.0 annual return 

172 

456 

675 

1,027 

SALES OF UNREGISTERED SECURITIES 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we did not sell any unregistered equity securities. 
 ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 None. 
 ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 
 49 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 The information contained in this section should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and related notes thereto appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The discussion includes forward-looking statements that involve substantial risks and uncertainties and should be read in conjunction with the Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements set forth on page 2 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further information regarding forward-looking statements. Except as otherwise indicated, the terms we, us, our, the Company, Logan Ridge and LRFC refer to Logan Ridge Finance Corporation. 
 Overview 
 We are a Maryland corporation that has elected to be regulated as a business development company BDC under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the 1940 Act ). Our investment objective is to generate both current income and capital appreciation through debt and equity investments. We are managed by Mount Logan Management LLC (the Investment Adviser or the Adviser ), and BC Partners Management LLC (the Administrator provides the administrative services necessary for us to operate. 
 We provide capital to lower and traditional middle-market companies in the United States U.S. ), with a non-exclusive emphasis on the Southeast, Southwest, and Mid-Atlantic regions. We invest primarily in companies with a history of earnings growth and positive cash flow, proven management teams, products or services with competitive advantages and industry-appropriate margins. We primarily invest in companies with between 5 million and 50 million in trailing twelve-month earnings before interest, tax, depreciation, and amortization EBITDA ). 
 We invest in first lien loans, and, to a lesser extent, second lien loans and equity securities issued by lower middle-market and traditional middle-market companies. 
 As a BDC, we are required to comply with certain regulatory requirements. For instance, we generally must invest at least 70 of our total assets in qualifying assets, including securities of private or thinly traded public U.S. companies, cash, cash equivalents, U.S. government securities and high-quality debt investments that mature in one year or less. In addition, we are only allowed to borrow money such that our asset coverage, as defined in the 1940 Act, equals at least 150 , if certain requirements are met, after such borrowing, with certain limited exceptions. The Small Business Credit Availability Act (the SBCA allows BDCs to decrease their asset coverage requirement from 200 to 150 (i.e., the amount of debt may not exceed 66.7 of the value of our total assets), if certain requirements are met. On November 1, 2018, our board of directors (the Board ), including a required majority (as such term is defined in Section 57(o) of the 1940 Act) approved the application of the modified asset coverage, and as a result, our asset coverage requirements for senior securities were changed from 200 to 150 , effective November 1, 2019. As of December 31, 2022, our asset coverage ratio was 177 . To maintain our regulated investment company RIC status, we must meet specified source-of-income and asset diversification requirements. To maintain our RIC tax treatment under subchapter M of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code for U.S. federal income tax purposes, we must distribute at least 90 of our ordinary income and realized net short-term capital gains in excess of realized net long-term capital losses, if any, for the taxable year. 
 Corporate History 
 We commenced operations on May 24, 2013 and completed our initial public offering IPO on September 30, 2013. The Company was formed for the purpose of (i) acquiring, through a series of transactions, an investment portfolio from the following entities: CapitalSouth Partners Fund I Limited Partnership Fund I ); CapitalSouth Partners Fund II Limited Partnership Fund II ); CapitalSouth Partners Fund III, L.P. Fund III Parent ); CapitalSouth Fund III, L.P. (f/k/a CapitalSouth Partners SBIC Fund III, L.P.) Fund III and CapitalSouth Partners Florida Sidecar Fund I, L.P. Florida Sidecar and, collectively with Fund I, Fund II, Fund III and Fund III Parent, the Legacy Funds ); (ii) raising capital in the IPO and (iii) continuing and expanding the business of the Legacy Funds by making additional debt and equity investments in lower middle-market and traditional middle-market companies. 
 On September 24, 2013, the Company acquired 100 of the limited partnership interests in Fund II, Fund III and Florida Sidecar and each of their respective general partners, as well as certain assets from Fund I and Fund III Parent, in exchange for an aggregate of 8,974,420 shares of the Company s common stock (the Formation Transactions ). Fund II, Fund III and Florida Sidecar became the Company s wholly owned subsidiaries. Fund II and Fund III retained their small business investment company SBIC licenses issued by the U.S. Small Business Administration SBA ), and continued to hold their existing investments at the time of IPO and have continued to make new investments after the IPO. The IPO consisted of the sale of 4,000,000 shares of the Company s common stock at a price of 20.00 per share resulting in net proceeds to the Company of 74.25 million, after deducting underwriting fees and commissions totaling 4.0 million and offering expenses totaling 1.75 million. The other costs of the IPO were borne by the limited partners of the Legacy Funds. During the fourth quarter of 2017, Florida Sidecar transferred all of its assets to the Company and was legally dissolved as a standalone partnership. On March 1, 2019, Fund II repaid its outstanding debentures guaranteed by the SBA SBA-guaranteed debentures and relinquished its SBIC license. On June 10, 2021, Fund III repaid its SBA-guaranteed debentures and relinquished its SBIC license. As of December 31, 2022, there were no SBA-guaranteed debentures outstanding. 
 At the time of the Formation Transactions, our portfolio consisted of: (1) approximately 326.3 million in investments; (2) an aggregate of approximately 67.1 million in cash, interest receivable and other assets; and (3) liabilities of approximately 202.2 million of SBA-guaranteed debentures payable. Fund III, our subsidiary, is licensed under the Small Business Investment Act, of 1958, as amended, and has elected to be regulated as BDC under the 1940 Act. Fund II, our subsidiary, was licensed under the SBIC Act until March 1, 2019 and has elected to be regulated as a BDC under the 1940 Act. 
 The Company has formed and expects to continue to form certain consolidated taxable subsidiaries (the Taxable Subsidiaries ), which are taxed as corporations for U.S. federal income tax purposes. The Taxable Subsidiaries allow the Company to make equity investments in companies organized as pass-through entities while continuing to satisfy the requirements of a RIC under the Code. 
 Capitala Business Lending, LLC CBL ), a wholly-owned subsidiary of ours, was established on October 30, 2020, for the sole purpose of holding certain investments pledged as collateral under a senior secured revolving credit agreement with KeyBank National Association (the KeyBank Credit Facility ). See Financial Condition, Liquidity and Capital Resources for more details. The financial statements of CBL are consolidated with those of Logan Ridge Finance Corporation. 
 In addition, we evaluate strategic opportunities available to us, including mergers with unaffiliated funds and affiliated funds, divestures, spin-offs, joint ventures and other similar transactions from time to time. An example of an opportunity we are currently in the initial stages of evaluating is a potential merger with one or more of our affiliated 1940 Act funds, which may result in the use of an exchange ratio other than NAV-for-NAV (including but not limited to relative market price) in connection therewith. 
 50 

Definitive Agreement 
 On April 20, 2021, Capitala Investment Advisors, LLC Capitala ), the Company s former investment adviser, entered into a definitive agreement (the Definitive Agreement with the Investment Adviser and Mount Logan Capital Inc. MLC ), both affiliates of BC Partners Advisors L.P. BC Partners for U.S. regulatory purposes, whereby Mount Logan acquired certain assets related to Capitala s business of providing investment management services to the Company (the Transaction ), through which the Investment Adviser became the Company s investment adviser pursuant to an investment advisory agreement (the Investment Advisory Agreement with the Company. At a special meeting of the Company s stockholders (the Special Meeting held on May 27, 2021, the Company s stockholders approved the Investment Advisory Agreement. The transactions contemplated by the Definitive Agreement closed on July 1, 2021 (the Closing ). 
 As part of the Transaction, the Investment Adviser entered into a two-year contractual fee waiver (the Fee Waiver with the Company to waive, to the extent necessary, any capital gains fee under the Investment Advisory Agreement that exceeds what would have been paid to Capitala in the aggregate over such two-year period under the prior advisory agreement. 
 On the date of the Closing, the Company changed its name from Capitala Finance Corp. to Logan Ridge Finance Corporation and on July 2, 2021, the Company s common stock began trading on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol LRFC. 
 On July 1, 2021, in connection with the Closing, the Company s then-current interested directors and the Company s then-current independent directors resigned as members of the Board and Ted Goldthorpe, the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, along with Alexander Duka, George Grunebaum, and Robert Warshauer, were appointed as members of the Board (the Directors ). The Directors were appointed by the Board to fill the vacancies created by the resignations described above and the Directors were appointed to the class of directors as determined by the Board in accordance with the Company s organizational documents. The Company s stockholders will have the opportunity to vote for each of the Directors when his class of directors is up for reelection. 
 All of the Company s then-current officers resigned at the Closing and the Board appointed Ted Goldthorpe as the Company s Chief Executive Officer and President, Jason Roos as the Company s Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary, Patrick Schafer as the Company s Chief Investment Officer and David Held as the Company s Chief Compliance Officer. On November 9, 2021, Jason Roos was replaced as Secretary and Treasurer of the Company by Brandon Satoren, who was also appointed as Chief Accounting Officer. Mr. Roos continues to serve as Chief Financial Officer of the Company. 
 Basis of Presentation 
 The Company is considered an investment company as defined in Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 946 Financial Services Investment Companies ASC 946 ). The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the accrual basis of accounting in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles U.S. GAAP and pursuant to the requirements for reporting on Form 10-K and Article 6 of Regulation S-X. The consolidated financial statements of the Company include the accounts of the Company and its wholly owned subsidiaries. 
 The Company s financial statements as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 are presented on a consolidated basis. The effects of all intercompany transactions between the Company and its subsidiaries (Fund II, Fund III, CBL, and the Taxable Subsidiaries) have been eliminated in consolidation. All financial data and information included in these consolidated financial statements have been presented on the basis described above. In the opinion of management, the consolidated financial statements reflect all adjustments that are necessary for the fair presentation of financial results as of and for the periods presented. 
 Consolidation 
 As provided under ASC 946, the Company will generally not consolidate its investment in a company other than an investment company subsidiary or a controlled operating company whose business consists of providing services to the Company. Accordingly, the Company consolidated the results of the Company s wholly owned investment company subsidiaries (Fund II, Fund III, CBL, and the Taxable Subsidiaries) in its consolidated financial statements. 
 Revenues 
 We generate revenue primarily from the periodic cash interest we collect on our debt investments. In addition, most of our debt investments offer the opportunity to participate in a borrower s equity performance through warrant participation, direct equity ownership or otherwise, which we expect to result in revenue in the form of dividends and/or capital gains. Further, we may generate revenue in the form of commitment fees, origination fees, amendment fees, diligence fees, monitoring fees, fees for providing managerial assistance and possibly consulting fees and performance-based fees. These fees will be recognized as they are earned. 
 Expenses 
 Our primary operating expenses include the payment of investment advisory fees to our Investment Adviser, our allocable portion of overhead and other expenses incurred by our Administrator in performing its obligations under an administration agreement between us and the Administrator (the Administration Agreement and other operating expenses as detailed below. Our investment advisory fee will compensate our Investment Adviser for its work in identifying, evaluating, negotiating, closing, monitoring and servicing our investments. We will bear all other expenses of our operations and transactions, including (without limitation): 
 the cost of our organization; 

the cost of calculating our net asset value, including the cost of any third-party valuation services; 

the cost of effecting sales and repurchases of our shares and other securities; 

interest payable on debt, if any, to finance our investments; 

fees payable to third parties relating to, or associated with, making investments (such as legal, accounting, and travel expenses incurred in connection with making investments), including fees and expenses associated with performing due diligence reviews of prospective investments and advisory fees; 

transfer agent and custodial fees; 

fees and expenses associated with marketing efforts; 

costs associated with our reporting and compliance obligations under the 1940 Act, the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the 1934 Act other applicable federal and state securities laws and ongoing stock exchange listing fees; 

51 

federal, state and local taxes; 

independent directors fees and expenses; 

brokerage commissions; 

costs of proxy statements, stockholders reports and other communications with stockholders; 

fidelity bond, directors and officers liability insurance, errors and omissions liability insurance and other insurance premiums; 

direct costs and expenses of administration, including printing, mailing, telephone and staff; 

fees and expenses associated with independent audits and outside legal costs; and 

all other expenses incurred by either our Administrator or us in connection with administering our business, including payments under the Administration Agreement that will be based upon our allocable portion of overhead and other expenses incurred by our Administrator in performing its obligations under the Administration Agreement, including rent, the fees and expenses associated with performing compliance functions, and our allocable portion of any costs of compensation and related expenses of our chief compliance officer, our chief financial officer, and their respective administrative support staff. 

Income Taxes 
 Prior to the Formation Transactions, the Legacy Funds were treated as partnerships for U.S. federal, state and local income tax purposes and, therefore, no provision has been made in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for federal, state or local income taxes. In accordance with the partnership tax law requirements, each partner would include their respective components of the Legacy Funds taxable profits or losses, as shown on their Schedule K-1 in their respective tax or information returns. Subsequent to the Formation Transactions, the Legacy Funds became disregarded entities for tax purposes. 
 The Company has elected to be treated for U.S. federal income tax purposes and intends to comply with the requirement to qualify annually as a RIC under subchapter M of the Code and, among other things, intends to make the requisite distributions to its stockholders which will relieve the Company from U.S. federal income taxes. 
 In order to qualify as a RIC, among other requirements, the Company is required to timely distribute to its stockholders at least 90.0 of its investment company taxable income, as defined by the Code, for each fiscal tax year. The Company will be subject to a nondeductible U.S. federal excise tax of 4.0 on undistributed income if it does not distribute at least 98.0 of its ordinary income in any calendar year and 98.2 of its capital gain net income for each one-year period ending on October 31. 
 Depending on the level of taxable income earned in an excise tax year, the Company may choose to carry forward taxable income in excess of current year dividend distributions into the next excise tax year and pay a 4.0 excise tax on such income, as required. To the extent that the Company determines that its estimated current year annual taxable income will be in excess of estimated current year dividend distributions for U.S. federal excise tax purposes, the Company accrues excise tax, if any, on estimated excess taxable income as taxable income is earned. Since the Company s IPO, the Company has not accrued or paid excise tax. 
 The tax years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, 2020 and 2019 remain subject to examination by U.S. federal, state, and local tax authorities. No interest expense or penalties have been assessed for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. If the Company was required to recognize interest and penalties, if any, related to unrecognized tax benefits this would be recognized as income tax expense in the consolidated statements of operations. 
 The Company s Taxable Subsidiaries record deferred tax assets or liabilities related to temporary book versus tax differences on the income or loss generated by the underlying equity investments held by the Taxable Subsidiaries. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded a net deferred tax asset of zero. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company recorded a tax provision (benefit) of 0.1 million, zero, and zero, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the valuation allowance on the Company s deferred tax asset was 4.0 million and 2.5 million, respectively. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company recognized an increase (decrease) in the valuation allowance of 1.5 million, (2.1) million, and 1.4 million, respectively. 
 In accordance with certain applicable U.S. Treasury regulations and private letter rulings issued by the Internal Revenue Service, a RIC may treat a distribution of its own stock as fulfilling its RIC distribution requirements if each stockholder may elect to receive its entire distribution in either cash or stock of the RIC, subject to a limitation on the aggregate amount of cash to be distributed to all stockholders, which limitation must be at least 20.0 of the aggregate declared distribution. If too many stockholders elect to receive cash, each stockholder electing to receive cash will receive a pro rata amount of cash (with the balance of the distribution paid in stock). In no event will any stockholder, electing to receive cash, receive less than 20.0 of its entire distribution in cash. If these and certain other requirements are met, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, the amount of the dividend paid in stock will be equal to the amount of cash that could have been received instead of stock. 
 ASC Topic 740 Income Taxes ASC 740 ), provides guidance for how uncertain tax positions should be recognized, measured, presented and disclosed in the consolidated financial statements. ASC 740 requires the evaluation of tax positions taken or expected to be taken in the course of preparing the Company s U.S. federal income tax returns to determine whether the tax positions are more-likely-than-not of being sustained by the applicable tax authority. Tax positions deemed to meet a more-likely-than-not threshold would be recorded as a tax benefit or expense in the current period. The Company recognizes interest and penalties, if any, related to unrecognized tax benefits as income tax expense in the consolidated statements of operations. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were no uncertain tax positions. 
 The Company is required to determine whether a tax position of the Company is more likely-than-not to be sustained upon examination by the applicable taxing authority, including resolution of any related appeals or litigation processes, based on the technical merits of the position. The tax benefit to be recognized is measured as the largest amount of benefit that is greater than fifty percent likely of being realized upon ultimate settlement. De-recognition of a tax benefit previously recognized could result in the Company recording a tax liability that could negatively impact the Company s net assets. 
 U.S. GAAP provides guidance on thresholds, measurement, de-recognition, classification, interest and penalties, accounting in interim periods, disclosure, and transition that is intended to provide better financial statement comparability among different entities. 
 The Company has concluded that it was not necessary to record a liability for any such tax positions as of December 31, 2022 or 2021. However, the Company s conclusions regarding this policy may be subject to review and adjustment at a later date based on factors including, but not limited to, ongoing analyses of, and changes to, tax laws, regulations and interpretations thereof. 
 Portfolio and Investment Activity 
 The Company s investment objective is to generate both current income and capital appreciation through debt and equity investments. The Company offers customized financing to business owners, management teams and financial sponsors for change of ownership transactions, recapitalizations, strategic acquisitions, 
 52 

business expansion and other growth initiatives. The Company invests primarily in first lien loans, and, to a lesser extent, second lien loans and equity securities issued by lower middle-market companies and traditional middle-market companies. As of December 31, 2022, our portfolio consisted of investments in 59 portfolio companies with a fair value of approximately 203.6 million. 
 Most of the Company s debt investments are structured as first lien loans. First lien loans may contain some minimum amount of principal amortization, excess cash flow sweep feature, prepayment penalties, or any combination of the foregoing. First lien loans are secured by a first priority lien in existing and future assets of the borrower and may take the form of term loans, delayed draw facilities, or revolving credit facilities. Unitranche debt, a form of first lien loan, typically involves issuing one debt security that blends the risk and return profiles of both senior secured and subordinated debt, bifurcating the loan into a first-out tranche and last-out tranche. As of December 31, 2022, 1.9 of the fair value of our first lien loans consisted of last-out loans. As of December 31, 2021, 8.5 of the fair value of our first lien loans consisted of last-out loans. In some cases, first lien loans may be subordinated, solely with respect to the payment of cash interest, to an asset based revolving credit facility. 
 The Company also invests in debt instruments structured as second lien loans. Second lien loans are loans which have a second priority security interest in all or substantially all of the borrower s assets, and in some cases, may be subject to the interruption of cash interest payments upon certain events of default, at the discretion of the first lien lender. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we made approximately 107.7 million of investments and had approximately 94.0 million in repayments and sales of investments resulting in net deployment of approximately 13.7 million for the year. During the year ended December 31, 2021, we made approximately 89.4 million of investments and had approximately 169.6 million in repayments and sales of investments resulting in net repayments and sales of approximately 80.2 million for the year. 
 As of December 31, 2022, our debt investment portfolio, which represented 83.2 of the fair value of our total portfolio, had a weighted average annualized yield of approximately 10.4 (excluding the income from non-accruals and collateralized loan obligations). As of December 31, 2022, 17.2 of the fair value of our debt investment portfolio was bearing a fixed rate of interest. As of December 31, 2021, our debt investment portfolio, which represented 67.4 of the fair value of our total portfolio, had a weighted average annualized yield of approximately 8.1 (excluding the income from non-accruals and collateralized loan obligations). As of December 31, 2021, 22.8 of the fair value of our debt investment portfolio was bearing a fixed rate of interest. 
 The weighted average annualized yield is calculated based on the effective interest rate as of period end, divided by the fair value of our debt investments. The weighted average annualized yield of our debt investments is not the same as a return on investment for our stockholders but, rather, relates to a portion of our investment portfolio and is calculated before the payment of all of our fees and expenses. There can be no assurance that the weighted average annualized yield will remain at its current level. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company s Adviser approved the fair value of the Company s investment portfolio of approximately 203.6 million in good faith in accordance with the Company s valuation procedures. The Company s Adviser approved the fair value of the Company s investment portfolio as of December 31, 2022 with input from third-party valuation firms and the Investment Adviser, as valuation designee, based on information known or knowable as of the valuation date, including trailing and forward looking data. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had debt investments in one portfolio company on non-accrual status with an aggregate amortized cost of 11.9 million and an aggregate fair value of 9.7 million, which represented 5.4 and 4.8 of the investment portfolio, respectively. As of December 31, 2021, we had debt investments in two portfolio companies on non-accrual status with an aggregate amortized cost of 12.7 million and an aggregate fair value of 7.6 million, which represented 6.7 and 3.8 of the investment portfolio, respectively. 
 The following table summarizes the amortized cost and the fair value of investments as of December 31, 2022 (dollars in thousands): 

Investments at Amortized Cost 

Amortized Cost Percentage of Total Portfolio 

Investments at Fair Value 

Fair Value Percentage of Total Portfolio 

First Lien Debt 

143,047 

64.9 

136,896 

67.3 

Second Lien Debt 

8,283 

3.8 

6,464 

3.2 

Subordinated Debt 

26,571 

12.0 

25,851 

12.7 

Collateralized Loan Obligations 

6,185 

2.8 

4,972 

2.4 

Joint Venture 

414 

0.2 

403 

0.2 

Equity 

36,016 

16.3 

29,006 

14.2 

Total 

220,516 

100.0 

203,592 

100.0 

The following table summarizes the amortized cost and the fair value of investments as of December 31, 2021 (dollars in thousands): 

Investments at Amortized Cost 

Amortized Cost Percentage of Total Portfolio 

Investments at Fair Value 

Fair Value Percentage of Total Portfolio 

First Lien Debt 

103,667 

54.4 

98,251 

49.6 

Second Lien Debt 

30,048 

15.8 

30,190 

15.2 

Subordinated Debt 

5,050 

2.6 

5,050 

2.6 

Equity and Warrants 

51,717 

27.2 

64,698 

32.6 

Total 

190,482 

100.0 

198,189 

100.0 

53 

The following table shows the portfolio composition by industry grouping at fair value as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 (dollars in thousands): 

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

Investments at Fair Value 

Percentage of Total Portfolio 

Investments at Fair Value 

Percentage of Total Portfolio 

Healthcare 

42,594 

20.9 

28,851 

14.6 

Financials 

35,660 

17.5 

17,161 

8.7 

Business Services 

24,570 

12.1 

32,819 

16.6 

Information Technology 

17,330 

8.5 

24,067 

12.1 

Industrials 

15,631 

7.7 

14,641 

7.4 

Consumer Discretionary 

13,505 

6.6 

11,018 

5.6 

Healthcare Management 

9,695 

4.8 

7,002 

3.5 

Entertainment 

7,459 

3.7 

8,894 

4.5 

Financial Services 

6,651 

3.3 

7,430 

3.7 

Automobile Part Manufacturer 

4,992 

2.5 

2,721 

1.4 

Textile Equipment Manufacturer 

5,001 

2.5 

5,050 

2.5 

Consumer Staples 

4,825 

2.4 

0.0 

Medical Device Distributor 

4,360 

2.1 

4,961 

2.5 

Online Merchandise Retailer 

3,701 

1.8 

5,951 

3.0 

Advertising Marketing Services 

3,562 

1.7 

4,579 

2.3 

Communication Services 

896 

0.4 

0.0 

Household Product Manufacturer 

758 

0.4 

287 

0.1 

Testing laboratories 

723 

0.4 

1,113 

0.6 

General Industrial 

641 

0.3 

645 

0.3 

Data Processing Digital Marketing 

509 

0.2 

509 

0.3 

Electronic Machine Repair 

271 

0.1 

8,465 

4.3 

Oil Gas Engineering and Consulting Services 

258 

0.1 

333 

0.2 

QSR Franchisor 

8,007 

4.0 

Home Repair Parts Manufacturer 

3,062 

1.5 

Consumer Products 

623 

0.3 

203,592 

100.0 

198,189 

100.0 

All investments made by the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 were made in portfolio companies located in the U.S. 
 Great Lakes Funding II LLC 
 In August 2022, the Company invested in Great Lakes Funding II LLC - Series A (the Great Lakes II Joint Venture ), a joint venture with an investment strategy to underwrite and hold senior, secured unitranche loans made to middle-market companies. The Company treats its investment in the Great Lakes II Joint Venture as a joint venture since an affiliate of the Adviser controls a 50 voting interest in the Great Lakes II Joint Venture. 
 The Great Lakes II Joint Venture is a Delaware series limited liability company, and pursuant to the terms of the Great Lakes Funding II LLC Limited Liability Company Agreement (the Great Lakes II LLC Agreement ), prior to the end of the investment period with respect to each series established under the Great Lakes II LLC Agreement, each member of the predecessor series would be offered the opportunity to roll its interests into any subsequent series of the Great Lakes II Joint Venture. The Company does not pay any advisory fees in connection with its investment in the Great Lakes II Joint Venture. Certain other funds managed by the Adviser or its affiliates have also invested in the Great Lakes II Joint Venture. 
 The fair value of the Company s investment in the Great Lakes II Joint Venture at December 31, 2022 was 0.4 million. Fair value has been determined utilizing the net asset value as a practical expedient pursuant to US GAAP. Pursuant to the terms of the Great Lakes II LLC Agreement, the Company generally may not effect any direct or indirect sale, transfer, assignment, hypothecation, pledge or other disposition of or encumbrance upon its interests in the Great Lakes II Joint Venture, except that the Company may sell or otherwise transfer its interests with the consent of the managing members of the Great Lakes II Joint Venture or to an affiliate or a successor to substantially all of the assets of the Company. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company has a 0.1 million unfunded commitment to the Great Lakes II Joint Venture. 
 RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 Set forth below are the results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. For information regarding results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2020, see the Company s Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020, located within Part II, Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations as filed with the SEC on March 14, 2022, which is incorporated by reference herein. 
 Our operating results for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were as follows (dollars in thousands): 

For the Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Total investment income 

14,927 

16,754 

Total expenses, net of incentive fee waiver 

16,089 

20,347 

Net investment loss 

(1,162) 

(3,593) 

Net realized gain (loss) on investments 

13,769 

(7,967) 

Net change in unrealized (depreciation) appreciation on investments 

(24,631) 

10,667 

Net realized loss on extinguishment of debt 

(1,025) 

Net decrease in net assets resulting from operations 

(12,024) 

(1,918) 

54 

Investment income 
 The composition of our investment income for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was as follows (dollars in thousands): 

For the Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Interest income 

13,666 

14,825 

Payment-in-kind interest 

1,106 

456 

Dividend income 

14 

906 

Other income 

141 

567 

Total investment income 

14,927 

16,754 

The income reported as interest income, PIK interest, and PIK dividend income is generally based on the stated rates as disclosed in our consolidated schedules of investments. Accretion of discounts received for purchased loans are included in interest income as an adjustment to yield. As a general rule, our interest income, PIK interest, and PIK dividend income are recurring in nature. 
 We earn dividends on certain equity investments within our investment portfolio. As noted in our consolidated schedules of investments, some investments may be scheduled to pay a periodic dividend, though these recurring dividends do not make up a significant portion of our total investment income. We may receive, and have received, more substantial one-time dividends from our equity investments. 
 We also generate other income primarily through origination fees charged for new investments, and secondarily via amendment fees, consent fees, prepayment penalties, and other fees. While fee income is typically non-recurring for each investment, most of our new investments include an origination fee; as such, fee income is dependent upon our volume of directly originated investments and the fee structure associated with those investments. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, total investment income decreased by 1.8 million, or 10.9 , compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 The decrease from the prior year was driven primarily by a decrease in interest income, from 14.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 13.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. The decline in interest income is primarily due to lower average outstanding debt investments for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 For more information on the effects and potential effects of the discontinuation of LIBOR, see The interest rates of some of our floating-rate loans to our portfolio companies may be priced using a spread over LIBOR, which is being phased out. 
 PIK income increased from 0.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 1.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. The increase in PIK income was due to an increase in investments with a contractual PIK rate. 
 Dividend income decreased from 0.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 to less than 0.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 due to several one-time dividends received from portfolio companies during the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, we generated 0.1 million of other income primarily from origination fees received on new investments. Comparatively, for the year ended December 31, 2021, we generated 0.6 million of other income, of which 0.5 million was from origination fees received from new investments and 0.1 million was from other fees. 
 Operating expenses 
 The composition of our expenses for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was as follows (dollars in thousands): 

For the Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Interest and financing expenses 

7,815 

10,569 

Base management fee 

3,861 

4,846 

Directors' fees 

493 

410 

Administrative service fees 

620 

1,039 

General and administrative expenses 

3,300 

3,483 

Total expenses 

16,089 

20,347 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, operating expenses decreased by 4.3 million, or 20.9 , compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. Interest and financing expenses declined from 10.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 7.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 primarily due to a lower cost of capital as well as lower average debt outstanding during the period during the year ended December 31, 2022. Our base management fee declined from 4.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 3.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 due to lower average assets under management. No incentive fees were earned during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Administrative services fees decreased to 0.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 1.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. General and administrative expenses decreased from 3.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 3.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Net realized gains (losses) on sales of investments 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we recognized 13.8 million of net realized gains and 8.0 million of net realized losses on our portfolio investments, respectively. The change in realized gains and losses was primarily due to changes in the market conditions of our investments and the values at which they were realized, caused by the fluctuations in the market and in the economy. 
 Net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments 
 55 

Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments reflects the net change in the fair value of our investment portfolio. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had (24.6) million and 10.7 million of net change in unrealized (depreciation) appreciation on investments, respectively. The net change in unrealized (depreciation) appreciation our investments for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the prior year was primarily due to changes in the capital market conditions of our investments and the values at which they were realized, caused by the fluctuation in the market and in the economy. 
 Changes in net assets resulting from operations 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we recorded a net decrease in net assets resulting from operations of 12.0 million and 1.9 million, respectively. Based on the weighted average shares of common stock outstanding for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, our per share net decrease in net assets resulting from operations was 4.44 and 0.71, respectively. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 
 The comparison of the fiscal years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 can be found in our annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021 located within Part II, Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, which is incorporated by reference herein. 
 LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 

As of December 31, 2022 , there were draws of million on the KeyBank Credit Facility. The KeyBank Credit Facility includes customary events of default for revolving credit facilities of this nature. As of December 31, 2022, assets pledged to secure the KeyBank Credit Facility had a fair value of 111.3 million . 
 million in aggregate principal amount of 5.25 fixed-rate convertible notes (the 2032 Convertible Notes ). The Conversion Price will be equal to the average Closing Sale Price for the five Trading Days immediately prior to the relevant Conversion Date, as those terms are defined in the Purchase Agreement, subject to certain anti-dilutive provisions, as further described in the Purchase Agreement. No holder of a 2032 Convertible Note will be entitled to convert any such note or portion thereof if such conversion would result in more than 7,500,000 in principal amount of 2032 Convertible Notes being converted in any such calendar quarter. We have determined that the embedded conversion option in the 2032 Convertible Notes is not required to be separately accounted for as a derivative under U.S. GAAP. 
 We obtained an Investment Grade rating from a Nationally Recognized Statistical Rating Organization NRSRO with respect to the 2032 Convertible Notes. million in 2032 Convertible Notes outstanding. 
 million in aggregate principal amount of notes (the 2026 Notes at 98.00 pursuant to a supplemental indenture with U.S. Bank National Association (the Trustee ), which supplements that certain base indenture, dated as of June 16, 2014. The 2026 Notes were issued in a private placement exempt from registration under the Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). The net proceeds to the Company were approximately 48.8 million, after deducting estimated offering expenses. . 
 In connection with the offering, the Company entered into a Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of October 29, 2021 (the Registration Rights Agreement ), with the purchasers of the 2026 Notes. Pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement, the Company is obligated to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission a registration statement relating to an offer to exchange the 2026 Notes for new notes issued by the Company that are registered under the Securities Act and otherwise have terms substantially identical to those of the 2026 Notes, and to use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause such registration statement to be declared effective. As of December 31, 2022 , we had approximately m illion in aggregate principal amount of 2026 Notes outstanding. 
 million in aggregate principal amount of 6.0 fixed-rate notes (the 2022 Notes ). On May 25, 2017, we issued an additional million in aggregate principal amount of the 2022 Notes pursuant to a partial exercise of the underwriters overallotment option. On November 1, 2021, we notified the Trustee for the 2022 Notes, of the Company s election to redeem the 50.0 million aggregate principal amount of the 2022 Notes outstanding. The redemption was completed on December 6, 2021. O n May 31, 2022, the 2022 Notes reached maturity, and the entire outstanding principal of the 2022 Notes became payable and was paid by the Company. Accordingly, as of December 31, 2022, there were no 2022 Notes outstanding. Th e 2022 Notes were listed on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the trading symbol CPTAL with a par value of 25.00 per share. 
 million in aggregate principal amount of convertible notes (the 2022 Convertible Notes ). On June 26, 2017, we issued an additional million in aggregate principal amount of the 2022 Convertible Notes pursuant to a partial exercise of the underwriters overallotment option. On May 31, 2022, the 2022 Convertible Notes reached maturity, and the entire outstanding principal of the 2022 Convertible Notes became payable, and was paid by the Company. Accordingly, as of December 31, 2022, there were no 2022 Convertible Notes outstanding. The 2022 Convertible Notes were listed on the NASDAQ Capital Market under the trading symbol CPTAG with a par value of 25.00 per share. 

Asset Coverage Ratio 
 We are only allowed to borrow money such that our asset coverage, as defined in the 1940 Act, equals at least 150 if certain requirements are met, after such borrowing, with certain limited exceptions. The SBCA allows BDCs to decrease their asset coverage requirement from 200 to 150 (i.e., the amount of debt may not exceed 66.7 of the value of total assets), if certain requirements are met. On November 1, 2018, the Board, including a required majority (as such term is defined in Section 57(o) of the 1940 Act) approved the application of the modified asset coverage and as a result, our asset coverage requirements for senior securities were changed from 200 to 150 , effective November 1, 2019. As of December 31, 2022, our asset coverage ratio was 177 . If our asset coverage ratio falls below 150 due a decline in the fair market of our portfolio, we may be limited in our ability to raise additional debt. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 6.8 million in cash and cash equivalents, and our net assets totaled 95.0 million. 
 Contractual Obligations 
 We have entered into two contracts under which we have material future commitments: the Investment Advisory Agreement, pursuant to which the Investment Adviser serves as our investment adviser, and the Administration Agreement, pursuant to which our Administrator agrees to furnish us with certain administrative services necessary to conduct our day-to-day operations. Payments under the Investment Advisory Agreement in future periods will be equal to: (1) a percentage of the value of our gross assets; and (2) an incentive fee based on our performance. Payments under the Administration Agreement will occur on an ongoing basis as expenses are incurred on our behalf by our Administrator. 
 The Investment Advisory Agreement and the Administration Agreement are each terminable by either party without penalty upon 60 days written notice to the other. If either of these agreements is terminated, the costs we incur under new agreements may increase. In addition, we will likely incur significant time and expense in locating alternative parties to provide the services we expect to receive under both our Investment Advisory Agreement and our Administration Agreement. Any new investment advisory agreement would also be subject to approval by our stockholders. 
 A summary of our significant contractual payment obligations as of December 31, 2022 are as follows (dollars in millions): 

Contractual Obligations Payments Due by Period 

Less Than 1 Year 

1 3 Years 

3 5 Years 

More Than 5 Years 

Total 

2026 Notes 

50.0 

50.0 

2032 Convertible Notes 

15.0 

15.0 

KeyBank Credit Facility 

55.9 

55.9 

Total Contractual Obligations 

105.9 

15.0 

120.9 

57 

Senior Securities 

N/A 

2021 

N/A 

2020 

N/A 

ING Credit Facility (6) 

2019 

N/A 

2018 

N/A 

2017 

N/A 

2016 

N/A 

2015 

N/A 

2014 

N/A 

2032 Convertible Notes 

2022 

N/A 

2026 Notes 

2022 

N/A 

2021 

N/A 

2022 Notes 

2021 

2020 

2019 

2018 

2017 

2022 Convertible Notes 

2021 

2020 

2019 

2018 

2017 

SBA-guaranteed debentures 

2020 

N/A 

N/A 

2019 

N/A 

N/A 

2018 

N/A 

N/A 

2017 

N/A 

N/A 

2016 

N/A 

N/A 

2015 

N/A 

N/A 

2014 

N/A 

2013 

N/A 

2021 Notes 

2016 

2015 

2014 

Fund II SBA-guaranteed debentures 

2012 

N/A 

Fund III SBA-guaranteed debentures 

2012 

N/A 

Distributions 
 In order to qualify as a RIC and to avoid corporate-level U.S. federal income tax on the income we timely distribute to our stockholders, we are required to distribute at least 90 of our ordinary income and our net short-term capital gains in excess of net long-term capital losses, if any, to our stockholders on an annual basis. Additionally, we must distribute an amount at least equal to the sum of 98 of our ordinary income (during the calendar year) plus 98.2 of our capital gain net income (during each 12-month period ending on October 31) plus any ordinary income and capital gain net income that we recognized for preceding years, but were not distributed during such years, and on which we paid no U.S. federal income tax to avoid a U.S. federal excise tax. We made quarterly distributions to our stockholders for the first four full quarters subsequent to our IPO. To the extent we had income available, we made monthly distributions to our stockholders from October 30, 2014 until March 30, 2020. As announced on April 1, 2020, distributions, if any, will be made on a quarterly basis effective for the second quarter of 2020. Our stockholder distributions, 
 58 

if any, will be determined by our Board on a quarterly basis. Any distributions to our stockholders will be declared out of assets legally available for distribution. The Company s Board determined not to declare any distributions during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 We may not be able to achieve operating results that will allow us to make distributions at a specific level or to increase the amount of our distributions from time to time, and from time to time we may decrease the amount of our distributions. In addition, we may be limited in our ability to make distributions due to the asset coverage requirements applicable to us as a BDC under the 1940 Act. If we do not distribute a certain percentage of our income annually, we will suffer adverse tax consequences, including the possible loss of our qualification as a RIC. We cannot assure stockholders that they will receive any distributions. 
 To the extent our taxable earnings fall below the total amount of our distributions for that fiscal year, a portion of those distributions may be deemed a return of capital to our stockholders for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Thus, the source of a distribution to our stockholders may be the original capital invested by the stockholder rather than our income or gains. Stockholders should read any written disclosure accompanying any stockholder distribution carefully and should not assume that the source of any distribution is our ordinary income or capital gains. 
 We have adopted an opt out dividend reinvestment plan DRIP for our common stockholders. As a result, if we declare a distribution, then stockholders cash distributions will be automatically reinvested in additional shares of our common stock unless a stockholder specifically opts out of our DRIP. If a stockholder opts out, that stockholder will receive cash distributions. Although distributions paid in the form of additional shares of our common stock will generally be subject to U.S. federal, state, and local taxes in the same manner as cash distributions, stockholders participating in our DRIP will not receive any corresponding cash distributions with which to pay any such applicable taxes. 
 Related Parties 
 We have entered into the Investment Advisory Agreement with the Investment Adviser. The Company is externally managed by the Investment Adviser, an affiliate of BC Partners, pursuant to the Investment Advisory Agreement. Mr. Goldthorpe, an interested member of the Board, has a direct or indirect pecuniary interest in the Investment Adviser. The Investment Adviser is a registered investment adviser under the Advisers Act. The Investment Adviser is an affiliate of BC Partners Advisors L.P. for U.S. regulatory purposes. MLC is the ultimate control person of the Investment Adviser. 
 Under the Investment Advisory Agreement, fees payable to the Investment Adviser equal (i) the Base Management Fee and (ii) the Incentive Fee. Unless earlier terminated as described below, the Investment Advisory Agreement will remain in effect from year-to-year if approved annually by a majority of the Board or by the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares, and, in each case, a majority of the independent directors. 
 Pursuant to the Administration Agreement, the Administrator provides administrative services to the Company necessary for the operations of the Company, which include providing to the Company office facilities, equipment and clerical, bookkeeping and record keeping services at such facilities and such other services as the Administrator, subject to review by the Board, shall from time to time deem to be necessary or useful to perform its obligations under the applicable Administration Agreement. The Administrator also provides to the Company portfolio collection functions for and is responsible for the financial and other records that the Company is required to maintain and prepares, prints and disseminates reports to the Company s stockholders and reports and all other materials filed with the SEC. 
 For providing these services, facilities and personnel, the Company reimburses the Administrator the allocable portion of overhead and other expenses incurred by the Administrator in performing its obligations under the Administration Agreement, including the Company s allocable portion of the costs of compensation and related expenses of its chief financial officer and chief compliance officer and their respective staffs. 
 On October 23, 2018, the SEC issued an order granting an application for exemptive relief to an affiliate of our Investment Adviser that allows BDCs managed by the Investment Adviser, including Logan Ridge, to co-invest, subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions, in certain private placement transactions, with other funds managed by the Investment Adviser or its affiliates and any future funds that are advised by the Investment Adviser or its affiliated investment advisers. Under the terms of the exemptive order, in order for Logan Ridge to participate in a co-investment transaction, a required majority (as defined in Section 57(o) of the 1940 Act) of Logan Ridge s independent directors , must conclude that (i) the terms of the proposed transaction, including the consideration to be paid, are reasonable and fair to Logan Ridge and its stockholders and do not involve overreaching with respect of Logan Ridge or its stockholders on the part of any person concerned, and (ii) the proposed transaction is consistent with the interests of Logan Ridge s stockholders and is consistent with Logan Ridge s investment objectives and strategies and certain criteria established by the Board. We believe this relief may not only enhance our ability to further our investment objectives and strategies, but may also increase favorable investment opportunities for us, in part by allowing us to participate in larger investments, together with our co-investment affiliates, than would be available to us in the absence of such relief. 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had the following unfunded commitments to existing portfolio companies (dollars in thousands): 
 
 59 

Portfolio Company 
 Investment 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 December 31, 2021 

Accordion Partners LLC (1) 
 First Lien/Senior Secured Debt 
 
 897 

4,000 

Accordion Partners LLC (Revolver) 
 First Lien/Senior Secured Debt 
 
 1,531 

5,000 

Beta Plus Technologies (Revolver) 
 First Lien/Senior Secured Debt 
 
 453 
 
 N/A 

Bradshaw International, Inc. (Revolver) 
 First Lien/Senior Secured Debt 
 
 922 

722 

Critical Nurse Staffing, LLC (1) 
 First Lien/Senior Secured Debt 
 
 2,063 

2,063 

Critical Nurse Staffing, LLC (Revolver) 
 First Lien/Senior Secured Debt 
 
 700 

1,000 

Dentive, LLC (1) 
 First Lien/Senior Secured Debt 
 
 598 
 
 N/A 

Dentive, LLC (Revolver) 
 First Lien/Senior Secured Debt 
 
 187 
 
 N/A 

Epic Staffing Group (1) 
 First Lien/Senior Secured Debt 
 
 872 
 
 N/A 

Great Lakes Funding II LLC - Series A 
 Joint Venture 
 
 80 
 
 N/A 

GreenPark Infrastructure, LLC - Series M-1 
 Common Stock and Membership Units 
 
 732 
 
 N/A 

J5 Infrastructure Partners, LLC (Revolver) 
 First Lien/Senior Secured Debt 
 N/A 

3,500 

Keg Logistics LLC (Revolver) 
 First Lien/Senior Secured Debt 
 
 436 

872 

Marble Point Credit Management LLC (Revolver) 
 First Lien/Senior Secured Debt 
 
 2,500 

2,500 

Premier Imaging, LLC (1) 
 First Lien/Senior Secured Debt 
 
 1,378 

1,937 

Wealth Enhancement Group, LLC (1) 
 First Lien/Senior Secured Debt 

3,275 

Wealth Enhancement Group, LLC (Revolver) 
 First Lien/Senior Secured Debt 
 
 438 

269 

Total Unfunded Commitments 

13,787 

25,138 

(1) Delayed-draw term loan. 

We have no other off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources. 
 Recent Developments 
 On March 6, 2023, the Company s Board of Directors authorized a new share repurchase program, whereby the Company may repurchase up to an aggregate of 5.0 million of its outstanding common shares in the open market. Unless extended or discontinued by the Company s Board of Directors, the repurchase program will terminate on March 31, 2024. The repurchase program may be extended, modified or discontinued at any time for any reason without prior notice. The repurchase program does not obligate the Company to acquire any specific number of shares, and all repurchases will be made in accordance with SEC Rule 10b-18 and accomplished through a Rule 10b5-1 plan, which sets certain restrictions on the method, timing, price and volume of share repurchases. 
 On March 6, 2023, the Company s Board of Directors approved a distribution of 0.18 per share payable on March 31, 2023 to stockholders of record as of March 20, 2023. 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Use of Estimates 
 In the preparation of our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures, we have adopted various accounting policies that govern the application of U.S. GAAP. Our significant accounting policies are described in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements. While all of these policies are important to understanding our consolidated financial statements, certain accounting policies and estimates are considered critical due to their impact on the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses for the periods covered by such consolidated financial statements. We have identified investment valuation, revenue recognition, and income taxes as our most critical accounting estimates. We continuously evaluate our estimates, including those related to the matters described below. Because of the nature of the judgments and assumptions we make, actual results could materially differ from those estimates under different assumptions or conditions. A discussion of our critical accounting policies follows. 
 Valuation of Investments 
 Investment transactions are recorded on the trade date. Realized gains or losses on investments are calculated using the specific identification method as the difference between the net proceeds received (excluding prepayment fees, if any) and the amortized cost basis of the investment without regard to unrealized appreciation or depreciation previously recognized, and include investments charged off during the period, net of recoveries. Net change in unrealized appreciation or depreciation reflects the change in portfolio investment values during the reporting period, including any reversal of previously recorded unrealized appreciation or depreciation when gains or losses are recognized. 
 Investments for which market quotations are available are typically valued at those market quotations. To validate market quotations, the Company will utilize a number of factors to determine if the quotations are representative of fair value, including the source and number of the quotations. 
 Debt that is not publicly traded but for which there are external pricing sources available as of the valuation date is valued using independent broker-dealer, market maker quotations or independent pricing services. The valuation committee, comprised of members of the Adviser, (the Valuation Committee subjects these quotes to various criteria including, but not limited to, the number and quality of quotes, the deviation among the quotes and information derived from analyzing the Company s own transactions in such investments throughout the reporting period. Generally, such investments are categorized in level 2 of the fair value hierarchy, unless the Valuation Committee determines that the quality, quantity or deviation among quotes warrants significant adjustment to the inputs utilized. 
 The Board has designated the Adviser as its valuation designee pursuant to Rule 2a-5 under the 1940 Act, and in that role the Adviser is responsible for performing fair value determinations relating to all of the Company s investments, including periodically assessing and managing any material valuation risks and establishing and applying fair value methodologies, in accordance with valuation policies and procedures that have been approved by the Board. The Board remains ultimately responsible for fair value determinations under the 1940 Act and satisfies its responsibility through oversight of the valuation designee in accordance with Rule 2a-5. Investments that are not publicly traded or whose market prices are not readily available, as is expected to be the case for substantially all of the Company s investments, are valued at fair value as determined in good faith by the Adviser, based on, among other things, input of independent third-party valuation firm(s). 
 The Adviser undertakes a multi-step valuation process, which includes, among other procedures, the following: 
 60 

The Company s quarterly valuation process begins with each portfolio company or investment being initially valued using certain inputs, among others, provided by the investment professionals responsible for the portfolio investment in conjunction with the Company s portfolio management team. The Company utilizes an independent valuation firm to provide valuation on each material illiquid security at least once every trailing 12-month period; 

Preliminary valuations are reviewed and discussed with management of the Adviser and investment professionals; and 

the Adviser will review the valuations and determine the fair value of each investment. Valuations that are not based on readily available market quotations will be valued in good faith based on, among other things, the input of, where applicable, third parties. 

As part of the valuation process, the Adviser may consider other information and may use valuation methods including but not limited to (i) market quotes for similar investments, (ii) recent trading activity, (iii) discounting forecasted cash flows of the investment, (iv) models that consider the implied yields from comparable debt, (v) third party appraisal, (vi) sale negotiations and purchase offers received from independent parties and (vii) estimated value of underlying assets to be received in liquidation or restructuring. 
 Due to the inherent uncertainty of determining the fair value of investments that do not have a readily available market value, the fair value of our investments may fluctuate from period to period. Additionally, the fair value of such investments may differ significantly from the values that would have been used had a ready market existed for such investments and may differ materially from the values that may ultimately be realized. Further, such investments are generally less liquid than publicly traded securities and may be subject to contractual and other restrictions on resale. If the Company were required to liquidate a portfolio investment in a forced or liquidation sale, it could realize amounts that are different from the amounts presented and such differences could be material. 
 In addition, changes in the market environment and other events that may occur over the life of the investments may cause the gains or losses ultimately realized on these investments to be different than the unrealized gains or losses reflected herein. 
 Under existing accounting guidance, fair value is defined as the price that the Company would receive upon selling an investment or pay to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction to a market participant in the principal or most advantageous market for the investment. This accounting guidance emphasizes valuation techniques that maximize the use of observable market inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs. Inputs refer broadly to the assumptions that market participants would use in pricing an asset or liability, including assumptions about risk. Inputs may be observable or unobservable. Observable inputs are inputs that reflect the assumptions market participants would use in pricing an asset or liability developed based on market data obtained from sources independent of the Company. Unobservable inputs are inputs that reflect the assumptions market participants would use in pricing an asset or liability developed based on the best information available in the circumstances. 
 The Company classifies the inputs used to measure these fair values into the following hierarchy as defined by current accounting guidance: 
 Level 1: Unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that are accessible to the Company. 
 Level 2: Quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets, or quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active, or other observable inputs other than quoted prices. 
 Level 3: Significant inputs that are unobservable for an asset or liability. 
 A financial instrument s categorization within the valuation hierarchy is based upon the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. Investments for which no external pricing sources are available as of the valuation date are included in level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. 
 As a practical expedient, the Company uses net asset value NAV as the fair value for its equity investment in Great Lakes Funding II LLC Great Lakes II Joint Venture ). The Great Lakes II Joint Venture records its underlying investments at fair value on a quarterly basis in accordance with the 1940 Act and US GAAP. 
 
 Enterprise Value Waterfall Approach 
 The enterprise value waterfall approach determines an enterprise value based on EBITDA multiples of publicly traded companies that are considered similar to the subject portfolio company. The Company considers a variety of items in determining a reasonable pricing multiple, including, but not limited to, operating results, budgeted projections, growth, size, risk, profitability, leverage, management depth, diversification, market position, supplier or customer dependence, asset utilization, liquidity metrics, and access to capital markets. EBITDA of the portfolio company is adjusted for non-recurring items in order to reflect a normalized level of earnings that is representative of future earnings. In certain instances, the Company may also utilize revenue multiples to determine enterprise value. When available, the Company may assign a pricing multiple or value its investments based on the value of recent investment transactions in the subject portfolio company or offers to purchase the portfolio company. The enterprise value is adjusted for financial instruments with seniority to the Company s ownership and for the effect of any instrument which may dilute the Company s investment in the portfolio company. The adjusted enterprise value is then apportioned based on the seniority and privileges of the Company s investments within the portfolio company. 
 
 Income Approach 
 The income approach utilizes a discounted cash flow methodology in which the Company estimates fair value based on the present value of expected cash flows discounted at a market rate of interest. The determination of a discount rate, or required rate of return, takes into account the portfolio company s fundamentals and perceived credit risk. Because the majority of the Company s portfolio companies do not have a public credit rating, determining a discount rate often involves assigning an implied credit rating based on the portfolio company s operating metrics compared to average metrics of similar publicly rated debt. Operating metrics include, but are not limited to, EBITDA, interest coverage, leverage ratio, return on capital, and debt to equity ratios. The implied credit rating is used to assign a base discount rate range based on publicly available yields on similarly rated debt securities. The Company may apply a premium to the discount rate utilized in determining fair value when performance metrics and other qualitative information indicate that there is an additional level of uncertainty about collectability of cash flows. 
 
 Asset Approach 
 The asset approach values an investment based on the value of the underlying collateral securing the investment. 
 
 Revenue Recognition 
 The Company s revenue recognition policies are as follows: 
 Interest income and paid-in-kind interest income: Interest income is recorded on the accrual basis to the extent that such amounts are expected to be collected. The Company has loans in the portfolio that contain a PIK interest provision. PIK interest, which represents contractually deferred interest added to the loan balance that 
 61 

is generally due at maturity, is recorded on the accrual basis to the extent that such amounts are expected to be collected. PIK interest is not accrued if the Company does not expect the issuer to be able to pay all principal and interest when due. 
 Non-accrual investments: Management reviews all loans that become 90 days or more past due, or when there is reasonable doubt that principal or interest will be collected, for possible placement on non-accrual status. When the Company otherwise does not expect the borrower to be able to service its debt and other obligations, the Company will place the loan on non-accrual status and will generally cease recognizing interest income and PIK interest on that loan for financial reporting purposes. Interest payments received on non-accrual loans may be recognized as income or applied to principal depending upon management s judgment. The Company writes off any previously accrued and uncollected cash interest when it is determined that interest is no longer considered collectible. Non- accrual loans are returned to accrual status when the borrower s financial condition improves such that management believes current interest and principal payments are expected to be collected. 
 Gains and losses on investment sales and paydowns: Realized gains and losses on investments are recognized using the specific identification method. 
 Dividend income and paid-in-kind dividends: Dividend income is recognized on the date dividends are declared. The Company holds preferred equity investments in the portfolio that contain a PIK dividend provision. PIK dividends, which represent contractually deferred dividends added to the equity balance, are recorded on the accrual basis to the extent that such amounts are expected to be collected. The Company will typically cease accrual of PIK dividends when the fair value of the equity investment is less than the cost basis of the investment or when it is otherwise determined by management that PIK dividends are unlikely to be collected. If management determines that a decline in fair value is temporary in nature and PIK dividends are more likely than not to be collected, management may elect to continue accruing PIK dividends. 
 Original issue discount: Discounts received to par on loans purchased are capitalized and accreted into income over the life of the loan. Any remaining discount is accreted into income upon prepayment of the loan. 
 Other income: Origination fees (to the extent services are performed to earn such income), amendment fees, consent fees, and other fees associated with investments in portfolio companies are recognized as income when they are earned. Prepayment penalties received by the Company for debt instruments repaid prior to the maturity date are recorded as income upon receipt. 
 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 We are subject to financial market risks, including valuation risk and interest rate risk. Changes in interest rates may affect both our cost of funding and our interest income from portfolio investments and cash and cash equivalents. Generally, a rise in the general level of interest rates can be expected to lead to higher interest rates applicable to any variable rate investments we may hold and to declines in the value of any fixed rate investments we may hold. However, for those variable rate investments we may hold that provide for an interest rate floor, our interest income will not decrease below a threshold amount. To the extent that a substantial portion of our investments may be in variable rate investments, an increase in interest rates beyond this threshold would make it easier for us to meet or exceed the hurdle rate applicable to the upper level breakpoint of the pre-incentive fee net investment income incentive fee, and may result in a substantial increase in our net investment income and to the amount of incentive fees payable to the Adviser with respect to our increased pre-incentive fee net investment income. Conversely, a decline in the general level of interest rates, including the current environment, can be expected to lead to lower interest rates applicable to any variable rate investments we may hold and to increases in the value of any fixed rate investments we may hold. Such a decrease would make it more difficult for us to meet or exceed the hurdle rate applicable to the upper level breakpoint of the pre-incentive fee net investment income incentive fee, and may result in a substantial decrease in our net investment income and to the amount of incentive fees payable to the Adviser with respect to our decreased pre-incentive fee net investment income. 
 In addition, we borrow funds in order to make additional investments. Our net investment income will depend, in part, upon the difference between the rate at which we borrow funds and the rate at which we invest those funds. As a result, we will be subject to risks relating to changes in market interest rates. In periods of rising interest rates when we or any future subsidiaries have debt outstanding or financing arrangements in effect, our interest expense will increase, which could reduce our net investment income, especially to the extent we hold fixed rate investments. 
 We may hedge against interest rate fluctuations by using standard hedging instruments such as futures, options and forward contracts subject to the requirements of the 1940 Act. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we did not engage in hedging activities. 
 We invest primarily in illiquid debt of private companies. Most of our investments will not have a readily available market price, and we value these investments at fair value as determined in good faith by our Advisor, based on, among other things, the input of independent third-party valuation firm(s), and in accordance with our valuation policy. There is no single technique for determining fair value. As a result, determining fair value requires that judgment be applied to the specific facts and circumstances of each portfolio investment while employing a consistently applied valuation process for the types of investments we make. If, in the future, we are required to liquidate a portfolio investment in a forced or liquidation sale, we may realize amounts that are different from the amounts presented and such differences could be material. 
 
 Valuation Risk 
 We have invested, and plan to continue to invest, primarily in illiquid debt and equity securities of private companies. Most of our investments do not have a readily available market price, and we value these investments at fair value as determined in good faith by our Adviser as valuation designee subject to the oversight of our Board, in accordance with our valuation policy. There is no single standard for determining fair value in good faith. As a result, determining fair value requires that judgment be applied to the specific facts and circumstances of each portfolio investment while employing a consistently applied valuation process for the types of investments we make. If we were required to liquidate a portfolio investment in a forced or liquidation sale, we may realize amounts that are different from the amounts presented and such differences could be material. 
 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 We are subject to financial market risks, including changes in interest rates. Changes in interest rates may affect both our cost of funding and our interest income from portfolio investments and cash and cash equivalents. We may hedge against interest rate fluctuations by using standard hedging instruments such as futures, options, and forward contracts subject to the requirements of the 1940 Act. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we did not engage in hedging activities. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we held 48 securities bearing a variable rate of interest. Our variable rate investments represent approximately 82.8 of the fair value of our total debt investments. As of December 31, 2022, none of our variable rate securities were yielding interest at a rate equal to the established interest rate floor. As of December 31, 2022, we had 55.9 million outstanding on our KeyBank Credit Facility, which has a variable rate of interest at one-month SOFR + 2.90 , subject to 
 62 

an interest rate floor of 0.40 . As of December 31, 2022, all of our other interest paying liabilities, consisting of 15.0 million in 2032 Convertible Notes and 50.0 million in 2026 Notes, were bearing interest at a fixed rate. 
 Interest rate sensitivity refers to the change in earnings that may result from changes in the level of interest rates. Because we fund a portion of our investments with borrowings, our net investment income is affected by the difference between the rate at which we invest and the rate at which we borrow. As a result, there can be no assurance that a significant change in market interest rates will not have a material adverse effect on our net investment income. In addition, in a prolonged low interest rate environment, including a reduction of LIBOR to zero, the difference between the total interest income earned on interest earning assets and the total interest expense incurred on interest bearing liabilities may be compressed, reducing our net interest income and potentially adversely affecting our operating results. 
 
 Based on our December 31, 2022 consolidated statement of assets and liabilities, the following table shows the annual impact on net income (excluding the potential related incentive fee impact) of base rate changes in interest rates (considering interest rate floors for variable rate securities) assuming no changes in our investment and borrowing structure (dollars in thousands): 

Basis Point Change 
 Increase (decrease) in interest income 
 
 (Increase) decrease in interest expense 
 
 Increase (decrease) in net income 

Up 300 basis points 
 
 4,459 

(1,701) 
 
 2,758 

Up 200 basis points 
 
 2,973 

(1,134) 
 
 1,839 

Up 100 basis points 
 
 1,486 

(567) 
 
 919 

Down 100 basis points 
 
 (1,486) 
 
 567 

(919) 

Down 200 basis points 
 
 (2,951) 
 
 1,134 

(1,817) 

Down 300 basis points 
 
 (4,348) 
 
 1,701 

(2,647) 

63 

ITEM 8. CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID No 
 
 F- 2 

Report of Former Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID No 
 
 F- 4 

Audited Financial Statements: 

Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F- 5 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 
 F- 6 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Net Assets for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 
 F- 7 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 
 F- 8 

Consolidated Schedules of Investments as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F- 9 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 F- 13 

F- 1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 To the shareholders and the Board of Directors of Logan Ridge Finance Corporation 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements and Financial Highlights 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated statements of assets and liabilities of Logan Ridge Finance Corporation and subsidiaries (the Company ), including the consolidated schedules of investments, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 , the related consolidated statements of operations, cash flows, changes in net assets, the financial highlights for years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 , and the related notes. In our opinion, the financial statements and financial highlights present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 , and the results of its operations, changes in net assets, cash flows and financial highlights for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements and financial highlights are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements and financial highlights based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements and financial highlights are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by the Company, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements and financial highlights. Our procedures included confirmation of investments owned as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 , by correspondence with the custodian, loan agents, and borrowers; when replies were not received, we performed other auditing procedures. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 Fair Value of Level 3 Investments Refer to Notes 2 and 4 to the financial statements 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 The Company held investments classified as Level 3 investments under accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. These investments included debt and equity securities with unique contract terms and conditions and/or complexity that considers a combination of multiple levels of market and asset specific inputs. The valuation techniques used in estimating the fair value of these investments vary and certain significant inputs used were unobservable. The fair value of the Company s Level 3 investments was 203.2 million as of December 31, 2022. 
 We identified the valuation of Level 3 investments as a critical audit matter because of the judgments necessary for management to select valuation techniques and to use significant unobservable inputs to estimate the fair value, including discount rates utilized. This required a high degree of auditor judgement and extensive audit effort, including in many instances, the need to involve fair value specialists who possess significant valuation experience, to evaluate the appropriateness of the valuation techniques and the significant unobservable inputs, when performing procedures to audit the management s estimate of fair value of Level 3 investments. 
 
 F- 2 

How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 Our audit procedures related to the valuation of certain Level 3 investments included the following, among other factors: 
 1. We evaluated the design and implementation of controls over the Company s valuation of Level 3 investments, including those related to valuation techniques and significant unobservable inputs. 

2. We evaluated the appropriateness of the valuation techniques used for Level 3 investments and tested the related significant unobservable inputs by comparing these inputs to external sources. 

3. For a selected sample of Level 3 investments, we performed these procedures with the assistance of our fair value specialists to evaluate the valuation techniques and significant unobservable inputs and assumptions used, including discount rates. 

4. We evaluated the management s ability to estimate fair value by comparing management s historical estimates to subsequent transactions, taking into account changes in market or investment specific conditions, where applicable. 

/s/ 
 
 March 9, 2023 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2021. 

F- 3 

Report of Independent Registe red Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Logan Ridge Finance Corporation (formerly known as Capitala Finance Corp.) 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated statements of operations, changes in net assets and cash flows of Logan Ridge Finance Corporation (formerly known as Capitala Finance Corp.) (the Company ), for the year ended December 31, 2020, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the operations, changes in net assets, and cash flows of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2020, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 Our audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audit included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 /s/ 
 We have served as the Company s auditor from 2013 to 2021. 
 March 8, 2021 
 
 F- 4 

LOGAN RIDGE FINANCE CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF ASSETS AND LIABILITIES 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 

As of December 31, 

2022 

2021 

ASSETS 

Investments at fair value: 

Non-control/non-affiliate investments (amortized cost of 191,435 and 131,829, respectively) 

177,268 

129,991 

Affiliate investments (amortized cost of 29,081 and 49,803, respectively) 

26,324 

61,359 

Control investments (amortized cost of zero and 8,850, respectively) 

6,839 

Total investments at fair value (amortized cost of 220,516 and 190,482, respectively) 

203,592 

198,189 

Cash and cash equivalents 

6,793 

39,056 

Interest and dividend receivable 

1,578 

929 

Prepaid expenses 

2,682 

3,358 

Receivable for unsettled trades 

685 

Other assets 

65 

Total assets 

214,710 

242,217 

LIABILITIES 

2022 Notes (net of deferred financing costs of zero and 46, respectively) 

22,787 

2022 Convertible Notes (net of deferred financing costs of zero and 167, respectively) 

51,921 

2026 Notes (net of deferred financing costs and original issue discount of 1,421 and 1,552, respectively) 

48,579 

48,448 

2032 Convertible Notes (net of deferred financing costs and original issue discount of 1,117 and zero, respectively) 

13,883 

KeyBank Credit Facility (net of deferred financing costs of 1,322 and 353, respectively) 

54,615 

(353) 

Management and incentive fees payable 

933 

1,065 

Interest and financing fees payable 

973 

911 

Payable for unsettled trades 

9,265 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

722 

1,144 

Total liabilities 

119,705 

135,188 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 2) 

NET ASSETS 

Common stock, par value 0.01, 100,000,000 common shares authorized, 2,711,068 and 2,711,068 common shares issued and outstanding, respectively 

27 

27 

Additional paid in capital 

191,038 

188,846 

Total distributable loss 

(96,060) 

(81,844) 

Total net assets 

95,005 

107,029 

Total liabilities and net assets 

214,710 

242,217 

Net asset value per share 

35.04 

39.48 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F- 5 

LOGAN RIDGE FINANCE CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 

For the Years Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

INVESTMENT INCOME 

Interest income: 

Non-control/non-affiliate investments 

12,732 

10,068 

16,729 

Affiliate investments 

706 

4,368 

6,580 

Control investments 

228 

389 

410 

Total interest income 

13,666 

14,825 

23,719 

Payment-in-kind interest and dividend income: 

Non-control/non-affiliate investments 

919 

95 

1,105 

Affiliate investments 

187 

361 

818 

Total payment-in-kind interest and dividend income 

1,106 

456 

1,923 

Dividend income: 

Non-control/non-affiliate investments 

727 

Affiliate investments 

14 

179 

25 

Total dividend income 

14 

906 

25 

Other income: 

Non-control/non-affiliate investments 

141 

479 

709 

Affiliate investments 

88 

70 

Total other income 

141 

567 

779 

Total investment income 

14,927 

16,754 

26,446 

EXPENSES 

Interest and financing expenses 

7,815 

10,569 

15,144 

Base management fee 

3,861 

4,846 

6,428 

Directors expense 

493 

410 

325 

Administrative service fees 

620 

1,039 

1,400 

General and administrative expenses 

3,300 

3,483 

3,091 

Total expenses 

16,089 

20,347 

26,388 

NET INVESTMENT (LOSS) INCOME 

(1,162) 

(3,593) 

58 

REALIZED AND UNREALIZED GAIN (LOSS) ON INVESTMENTS 

Net realized gain (loss) on investments: 

Non-control/non-affiliate investments 

17,312 

(10,442) 

(25,016) 

Affiliate investments 

1,672 

2,475 

1,451 

Control investments 

(5,215) 

(484) 

Net realized gain (loss) on investments 

13,769 

(7,967) 

(24,049) 

Net change in unrealized (depreciation) appreciation on investments: 

Non-control/non-affiliate investments 

(25,434) 

13,058 

(5,509) 

Affiliate investments 

(1,208) 

(908) 

(5,543) 

Control investments 

2,011 

(1,483) 

(559) 

Net change in unrealized (depreciation) appreciation on investments 

(24,631) 

10,667 

(11,611) 

Total net realized and change in unrealized (loss) gain on investments 

(10,862) 

2,700 

(35,660) 

Net realized (loss) gain on extinguishment of debt 

(1,025) 

155 

NET DECREASE IN NET ASSETS RESULTING FROM OPERATIONS 

(12,024) 

(1,918) 

(35,447) 

NET DECREASE IN NET ASSETS PER SHARE RESULTING FROM OPERATIONS BASIC DILUTED (SEE NOTE 11) (1) 

(4.44) 

(0.71) 

(13.08) 

WEIGHTED AVERAGE COMMON STOCK OUTSTANDING BASIC DILUTED (SEE NOTE 11) (1) 

2,711,068 

2,711,068 

2,709,169 

DISTRIBUTIONS PAID PER SHARE (2) 

1.50 

(1) Basic and diluted shares of the Company's common stock have been adjusted for the periods shown to reflect the one-for-six reverse stock split effected on August 21, 2020 on a retroactive basis, as described in Note 1. 

(2) Dividends paid per share of the Company's common stock have been adjusted for the periods shown to reflect the one-for-six reverse stock split effected on August 21, 2020 on a retroactive basis, as described in Note 1. 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F- 6 

LOGAN RIDGE FINANCE CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN NET ASSETS (in thousands, except share data) 

For the Years Ended December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022 
 Number of Shares 

Par Value 

Additional Paid in Capital (1) 

Total Distributable Loss 

Total 

BALANCE, December 31, 2019 
 
 2,700,628 

27 

238,021 

(89,935) 

148,113 

Net investment income 

58 

58 

Net realized loss on investments 

(24,049) 

(24,049) 

Net change in unrealized depreciation on investments 

(11,611) 

(11,611) 

Net realized gain on extinguishment of debt 

155 

155 

Fractional shares settled in cash as part of one-for-six reverse stock split 
 
 (13) 

Distributions to Shareholders: 

Stock issued under dividend reinvestment plan 
 
 10,453 

334 

334 

Distributions declared 

(4,053) 

(4,053) 

Return of capital 

(3,398) 

3,398 

Tax reclassification of stockholders' equity 

(5,476) 

5,476 

BALANCE, December 31, 2020 
 
 2,711,068 

27 

229,481 

(120,561) 

108,947 

Net investment loss 

(3,593) 

(3,593) 

Net realized loss on investments 

(7,967) 

(7,967) 

Net change in unrealized depreciation on investments 

10,667 

10,667 

Net realized gain on extinguishment of debt 

(1,025) 

(1,025) 

Tax reclassification of stockholders' equity 

(40,635) 

40,635 

BALANCE, December 31, 2021 
 
 2,711,068 

27 

188,846 

(81,844) 

107,029 

Net investment loss 

(1,162) 

(1,162) 

Net realized gain on investments 

13,769 

13,769 

Net change in unrealized depreciation on investments 

(24,631) 

(24,631) 

Tax reclassification of stockholders' equity 

2,192 

(2,192) 

BALANCE, December 31, 2022 
 
 2,711,068 

27 

191,038 

(96,060) 

95,005 

(1) Shares of the Company s common stock and shares issued under the Company s dividend reinvestment plan have been adjusted for the periods shown to reflect the one-for-six reverse stock split effected on August 21, 2020 on a retroactive basis, as described in Note 1. 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F- 7 

LOGAN RIDGE FINANCE CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (in thousands) 

For the Years Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

Net decrease in net assets resulting from operations 

(12,024) 

(1,918) 

(35,447) 

Adjustments to reconcile net decrease in net assets resulting from operations to net cash (used in) provided by operating activities: 

Purchase of investments 

(107,698) 

(89,432) 

(21,070) 

Repayments and sales of investments 

94,034 

169,616 

75,761 

Net realized (gain) loss on investments 

(13,769) 

7,967 

24,049 

Net change in unrealized depreciation (appreciation) on investments 

24,631 

(10,667) 

11,611 

Net realized (loss) gain on extinguishment of debt 

1,025 

(155) 

Payment-in-kind interest and dividends 

(1,106) 

(456) 

(1,923) 

Accretion of original issue discount on investments 

(1,495) 

(525) 

(588) 

Amortization of deferred financing fees and original issue discount 

931 

1,412 

2,866 

Changes in assets and liabilities: 

Interest and dividend receivable 

(649) 

1,357 

(541) 

Prepaid expenses 

676 

(2,281) 

(453) 

Receivable for unsettled trades 

685 

(685) 

Other assets 

(65) 

115 

Management and incentive fees payable 

(132) 

(2,777) 

129 

Interest and financing fees payable 

62 

(777) 

(751) 

Payable for unsettled trades 

(9,265) 

9,265 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

(422) 

1,116 

(490) 

NET CASH (USED IN) PROVIDED BY OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

(25,606) 

82,240 

53,113 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Repayment of SBA-guaranteed debentures 

(91,000) 

(59,000) 

Prepayment penalty on SBA-guaranteed debentures 

(519) 

Proceeds from issuance of 2026 Notes 

49,000 

Proceeds from issuance of 2032 Convertible Notes 

13,950 

Repayment of 2022 Notes 

(22,833) 

(50,000) 

(1,980) 

Repayment of 2022 Convertible Notes 

(52,088) 

Borrowings under KeyBank Credit Facility 

82,632 

25,000 

Repayments under KeyBank Credit Facility 

(26,695) 

(25,000) 

Distributions paid to shareholders 

(3,719) 

Deferred financing fees paid 

(1,623) 

(607) 

(793) 

NET CASH USED IN FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

(6,657) 

(93,126) 

(65,492) 

NET DECREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS 

(32,263) 

(10,886) 

(12,379) 

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, beginning of period 

39,056 

49,942 

62,321 

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, end of period 

6,793 

39,056 

49,942 

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION 

Cash paid for interest 

6,412 

10,604 

12,806 

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF NON-CASH INVESTING AND FINANCING TRANSACTIONS 

Distributions paid through dividend reinvestment plan share issuances 

334 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F- 8 

LOGAN RIDGE FINANCE CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (in thousands, except for units/shares) 

Investment (1), (2), (3), (4), (5) 
 
 Industry 
 
 Interest Rate (+) 
 
 Reference Rate and Spread (+) 
 
 Floor (+) 
 
 Maturity 
 
 Par/Shares (++) 

Cost 

Fair Value 

Footnotes 

Investments in Non-Control, Non-Affiliate Portfolio Companies - 186.6 

First Lien/Senior Secured Debt - 137.7 

Accordion Partners LLC 
 
 Industrials 
 
 10.83 
 
 SOFR + 6.25 
 
 0.75 
 
 08/29/2029 

4,565 

4,457 

4,463 

(12)(16) 

Accordion Partners LLC (Revolver) 
 
 Industrials 

SOFR + 6.25 
 
 0.75 
 
 08/31/2028 

(33) 

(29) 
 
 (12) 

Accurate Background, LLC 
 
 Information Technology 
 
 10.03 
 
 L + 6.00 
 
 1.00 
 
 03/26/2027 

4,458 

4,131 

4,302 

(16) 

AIDC Intermediateco 2, LLC (Peak Technologies) 
 
 Information Technology 
 
 10.44 
 
 SOFR + 6.40 
 
 1.00 
 
 07/22/2027 

5,000 

4,918 

4,857 

(16) 

Alternative Biomedical Solutions, LLC 
 
 Healthcare 
 
 8.00 

12/18/2022 

6,941 

6,941 

5,988 

American Academy Holdings, LLC 
 
 Healthcare 
 
 15.38 
 
 L + 4.75 , 6.25 PIK 
 
 1.00 
 
 01/01/2025 

2,506 

2,486 

2,459 

(16) 

American Clinical Solutions, LLC 
 
 Healthcare 
 
 11.27 
 
 L + 7.00 , 4.27 PIK 

12/31/2024 

3,500 

3,500 

3,203 

AP Core Holdings II, LLC 
 
 Information Technology 
 
 9.88 
 
 L + 5.50 
 
 0.75 
 
 07/21/2027 

1,172 

1,158 

1,065 

(16) 

AP Core Holdings II, LLC 
 
 Information Technology 
 
 9.88 
 
 L + 5.50 
 
 0.75 
 
 07/21/2027 

1,250 

1,235 

1,131 

(16) 

Beta Plus Technologies 
 
 Financials 
 
 8.87 
 
 SOFR + 4.75 

07/02/2029 

2,993 

2,937 

2,918 

(16) 

Beta Plus Technologies (Revolver) 
 
 Financials 

SOFR + 4.25 

07/02/2027 

(18) 
 
 (12) 

Bradshaw International, Inc. 
 
 Consumer Discretionary 
 
 10.19 
 
 L + 5.75 
 
 1.00 
 
 10/21/2027 

501 

491 

462 

(16) 

Bradshaw International, Inc. (Revolver) 
 
 Consumer Discretionary 

L + 5.75 
 
 1.00 
 
 10/21/2026 

(18) 

(71) 
 
 (12) 

CIMSense 
 
 Financials 
 
 9.92 
 
 SOFR + 5.50 
 
 1.00 
 
 12/17/2026 

2,921 

2,902 

2,772 

(16) 

Critical Nurse Staffing, LLC 
 
 Healthcare 
 
 10.48 
 
 L + 6.00 
 
 1.00 
 
 10/30/2026 

5,864 

5,771 

5,765 

(12)(16) 

Critical Nurse Staffing, LLC (Revolver) 
 
 Healthcare 
 
 10.70 
 
 L + 6.00 
 
 1.00 
 
 10/30/2026 

300 

287 

287 

(12) 

Datalink, LLC 
 
 Healthcare 
 
 11.48 
 
 L + 6.75 
 
 1.00 
 
 11/23/2026 

5,843 

5,843 

5,799 

(16) 

Dentive, LLC 
 
 Healthcare 
 
 11.53 
 
 SOFR + 7.00 
 
 1.00 
 
 12/26/2028 

1,215 

1,170 

1,170 

(12)(16) 

Dentive, LLC (Revolver) 
 
 Healthcare 

SOFR + 7.00 
 
 1.00 
 
 12/26/2028 

(6) 

(6) 
 
 (12) 

Dodge Data Analytics LLC 
 
 Information Technology 
 
 9.79 
 
 SOFR + 4.75 
 
 1.00 
 
 02/12/2029 

1,493 

1,473 

1,183 

(16) 

Epic Staffing Group 
 
 Industrials 
 
 10.40 
 
 SOFR + 6.00 

06/28/2029 

4,107 

3,831 

3,856 

(12)(16) 

Florida Food Products, LLC 
 
 Consumer Staples 
 
 9.32 
 
 SOFR + 5.00 
 
 0.75 
 
 10/18/2028 

2,000 

1,888 

1,928 

(16) 

Fortis Payment Solutions 
 
 Financials 
 
 9.93 
 
 SOFR + 5.25 
 
 1.00 
 
 02/13/2026 

2,918 

2,903 

2,886 

(16) 

Grindr Capital, LLC 
 
 Information Technology 
 
 12.52 
 
 SOFR + 8.00 

11/14/2027 

2,000 

1,981 

1,988 

(16) 

Heads Up Technologies 
 
 Industrials 
 
 10.14 
 
 SOFR + 5.50 
 
 0.75 
 
 08/10/2028 

2,926 

2,899 

2,889 

(16) 

Hudson Hospital OpCo, LLC 
 
 Healthcare 
 
 12.22 
 
 SOFR + 8.00 
 
 3.00 
 
 11/04/2023 

2,380 

2,380 

2,380 

(16) 

HUMC Opco, LLC 
 
 Healthcare 
 
 12.22 
 
 SOFR + 8.00 
 
 3.00 
 
 11/04/2023 

3,967 

3,967 

3,927 

(16) 

IJKG OpCo, LLC 
 
 Healthcare 
 
 12.22 
 
 SOFR + 8.00 
 
 3.00 
 
 11/04/2023 

1,020 

1,020 

1,020 

(16) 

JO ET Holdings Limited 
 
 Information Technology 
 
 17.53 
 
 SOFR + 6.00 , 7.00 PIK 
 
 1.00 
 
 12/15/2026 

1,063 

1,047 

1,049 

(16) 

Jurassic Quest Holdings, LLC 
 
 Entertainment 
 
 11.62 
 
 L + 7.50 
 
 2.00 
 
 05/01/2024 

7,855 

7,855 

7,459 

(16) 

Keg Logistics LLC 
 
 Consumer Discretionary 
 
 10.70 
 
 L + 6.00 
 
 1.00 
 
 11/23/2027 

7,460 

7,368 

7,198 

(16) 

Keg Logistics LLC (Revolver) 
 
 Consumer Discretionary 
 
 10.32 
 
 L + 6.00 
 
 1.00 
 
 11/23/2027 

436 

425 

405 

(12) 

Lucky Bucks, LLC 
 
 Consumer Discretionary 
 
 10.43 
 
 L + 5.50 
 
 0.75 
 
 07/21/2027 

2,850 

2,806 

1,679 

Marble Point Credit Management LLC 
 
 Financials 
 
 10.75 
 
 L + 6.00 
 
 1.00 
 
 08/11/2028 

5,504 

5,382 

5,504 

(16) 

Marble Point Credit Management LLC (Revolver) 
 
 Financials 

L + 6.00 
 
 1.00 
 
 08/11/2028 

(20) 

(12) 

Material Handling Systems, Inc. 
 
 Industrials 
 
 10.08 
 
 SOFR + 5.50 
 
 1.00 
 
 06/08/2029 

1,995 

1,800 

1,736 

(16) 

Money Transfer Acquisition Inc. 
 
 Financials 
 
 12.67 
 
 SOFR + 8.25 
 
 1.00 
 
 12/14/2027 

7,000 

6,861 

6,860 

(16) 

Neptune BidCo US Inc. 
 
 Communication Services 
 
 8.82 
 
 SOFR + 5.00 

04/11/2029 

1,000 

891 

896 

(16) 

Patriot Pickle, Inc. 
 
 Consumer Staples 
 
 10.16 
 
 SOFR + 5.43 

04/13/2027 

2,919 

2,898 

2,897 

(16) 

Premier Imaging, LLC 
 
 Healthcare 
 
 10.13 
 
 L + 5.75 
 
 1.00 
 
 01/02/2025 

2,596 

2,566 

2,537 

(12)(16) 

RN Enterprises, LLC 
 
 Healthcare 
 
 10.78 
 
 SOFR + 6.50 
 
 1.00 
 
 12/23/2025 

980 

960 

960 

(16) 

Sequoia Healthcare Management, LLC 
 
 Healthcare Management 

11/04/2023 

11,935 

11,935 

9,695 

(7) 

Shock Doctor, Inc. 
 
 Consumer Discretionary 
 
 9.37 
 
 SOFR + 5.00 
 
 1.00 
 
 05/14/2024 

2,269 

2,262 

2,232 

(16) 

South Street Securities Holdings, Inc. 
 
 Financials 
 
 9.00 

09/20/2027 

450 

380 

372 

(16) 

STG Logistics 
 
 Industrials 
 
 10.32 
 
 SOFR + 6.00 
 
 0.75 
 
 03/24/2028 

2,494 

2,418 

2,447 

(16) 

Symplr Software, Inc. 
 
 Healthcare 
 
 8.69 
 
 SOFR + 4.50 
 
 0.75 
 
 12/22/2027 

1,687 

1,684 

1,417 

(16) 

Wealth Enhancement Group, LLC 
 
 Financials 
 
 10.00 
 
 SOFR + 6.00 
 
 1.00 
 
 10/02/2027 

6,959 

6,933 

6,897 

(16) 

Wealth Enhancement Group, LLC (Revolver) 
 
 Financials 

SOFR + 6.00 
 
 1.00 
 
 10/02/2027 

(2) 

(4) 
 
 (12) 

Total First Lien/Senior Secured Debt 

136,961 

130,810 

Second Lien/Senior Secured Debt - 5.9 

American Academy Holdings, LLC 
 
 Healthcare 
 
 14.50 PIK 

03/01/2028 

3,584 

3,502 

2,912 

(16) 

BLST Operating Company, LLC 
 
 Online Merchandise Retailer 
 
 12.94 
 
 L + 8.50 
 
 0.50 
 
 08/28/2025 

912 

912 

884 

(8)(16) 

Ivanti Software, Inc. 
 
 Information Technology 
 
 12.01 
 
 L + 7.25 
 
 0.50 
 
 12/01/2028 

3,000 

2,987 

1,755 

Total Second Lien/Senior Secured Debt 

7,401 

5,551 

Subordinated Debt - 27.2 

Eastport Holdings, LLC 
 
 Business Services 
 
 13.17 
 
 SOFR + 8.50 
 
 1.00 
 
 09/29/2027 

19,250 

19,250 

19,250 

Lucky Bucks, LLC 
 
 Consumer Discretionary 
 
 12.50 PIK 

05/29/2028 

2,261 

2,227 

1,600 

Tubular Textile Machinery, Inc. 
 
 Textile Equipment Manufacturer 
 
 5.00 

10/29/2027 

5,094 

5,094 

5,001 

Total Subordinated Debt 

26,571 

25,851 

Collateralized Loan Obligations - 5.2 

JMP Credit Advisors CLO IV Ltd. 
 
 Financials 
 
 24.43 

07/17/2029 

7,891 

1,723 

1,723 

(13)(15) 

JMP Credit Advisors CLO V Ltd. 
 
 Financials 
 
 2.16 

07/17/2030 

7,320 

4,462 

3,249 

(13)(15) 

Total Collateralized Loan Obligations 

6,185 

4,972 

Preferred Stock and Units - 2.3 

Alternative Biomedical Solutions, LLC - Series A 
 
 Healthcare 

15,553 

1,276 

Alternative Biomedical Solutions, LLC - Series B 
 
 Healthcare 

54,084 

3,949 

Alternative Biomedical Solutions, LLC - Series C 
 
 Healthcare 

78,900 

American Academy Holdings, LLC 
 
 Healthcare 

102,261 

118 

(6) 

Jurassic Quest Holdings, LLC 
 
 Entertainment 

467,784 

480 

(6) 

MicroHoldco, LLC 
 
 General Industrial 

740,237 

749 

641 

(11) 

Taylor Precision Products, Inc. - Series C 
 
 Household Product Manufacturer 

379 

758 

758 

U.S. BioTek Laboratories, LLC - Class A 
 
 Testing Laboratories 

500 

540 

671 

Total Preferred Stock and Units 

7,752 

2,188 

Common Stock and Membership Units - 8.3 

Alternative Biomedical Solutions, LLC 
 
 Healthcare 

20,092 

800 

Alternative Biomedical Solutions, LLC - Membership Unit Warrants 
 
 Healthcare 

49,295 

American Academy Holdings, LLC 
 
 Healthcare 

0.05 

196 

(6) 

American Clinical Solutions, LLC - Class A 
 
 Healthcare 

6,030,384 

3,198 

2,462 

(6) 

Aperture Dodge 18 LLC 
 
 Financials 

2,033,247 

2,033 

2,033 

BLST Operating Company, LLC - Class A 
 
 Online Merchandise Retailer 

217,013 

286 

2,817 

(6) 

Freedom Electronics, LLC 
 
 Electronic Machine Repair 

181,818 

182 

271 

South Street Securities Holdings, Inc. - Warrants 
 
 Financials 

567 

65 

65 

U.S. BioTek Laboratories, LLC - Class C 
 
 Testing Laboratories 

578 

1 

52 

Total Common Stock and Membership Units 

6,565 

7,896 

Total Investments in Non-Control, Non-Affiliate Portfolio Companies 

191,435 

177,268 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F- 9 
 
 LOGAN RIDGE FINANCE CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS - CONTINUED 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (in thousands, except for units/shares) 

Investment (1), (2), (3), (4), (5) 
 
 Industry 
 
 Interest Rate (+) 
 
 Reference Rate and Spread (+) 
 
 Floor (+) 
 
 Maturity 
 
 Par/Shares (++) 

Cost 

Fair Value 

Footnotes 

Investments in Affiliated Portfolio Companies - 27.7 

First Lien/Senior Secured Debt - 6.4 

MMI Holdings, LLC 
 
 Medical Device Distributor 
 
 12.00 

04/01/2022 

2,600 

2,600 

2,600 

RAM Payment, LLC (First Out) 
 
 Financial Services 
 
 9.12 
 
 L + 5.00 
 
 1.50 
 
 01/04/2024 

939 

939 

939 

(16) 

RAM Payment, LLC (Last Out) 
 
 Financial Services 
 
 12.45 

1.50 
 
 01/04/2024 

2,547 

2,547 

2,547 

(10)(16) 

Total First Lien/Senior Secured Debt 

6,086 

6,086 

Second Lien/Senior Secured Debt - 1.0 

MMI Holdings, LLC 
 
 Medical Device Distributor 
 
 6.00 

04/01/2022 

400 

388 

400 

Sierra Hamilton Holdings Corporation 
 
 Oil Gas Engineering and Consulting Services 
 
 15.00 PIK 

09/12/2023 

4 

4 

4 

(9) 

V12 Holdings, Inc. 
 
 Data Processing Digital Marketing 

509 

490 

509 

(11) 

Total Second Lien/Senior Secured Debt 

882 

913 

Joint Ventures - 0.4 

Great Lakes Funding II LLC - Series A 
 
 Financials 

414 

414 

403 

(12)(15) 

Total Joint Ventures 

414 

403 

Preferred Stock and Units - 8.7 

GA Communications, Inc. - Series A-1 
 
 Advertising Marketing Services 

1,998 

3,477 

3,562 

GreenPark Infrastructure, LLC - Series A 
 
 Industrials 

400 

200 

200 

(6) 

MMI Holdings, LLC 
 
 Medical Device Distributor 
 
 8.00 PIK 

1,000 

1,904 

1,360 

(14) 

RAM Payment, LLC 
 
 Financial Services 
 
 6.00 PIK 

86,000 

1,135 

3,165 

(14) 

Total Preferred Stock and Units 

6,716 

8,287 

Common Stock and Membership Units - 11.2 

Burgaflex Holdings, LLC - Class A 
 
 Automobile Part Manufacturer 

1,253,198 

1,504 

2,802 

Burgaflex Holdings, LLC - Class B 
 
 Automobile Part Manufacturer 

1,085,073 

362 

2,190 

GA Communications, Inc. - Series B-1 
 
 Advertising Marketing Services 

200,000 

2 

GreenPark Infrastructure, LLC - Series M-1 
 
 Industrials 

200 

69 

69 

(6)(12) 

MMI Holdings, LLC 
 
 Medical Device Distributor 

45 

Nth Degree Investment Group, LLC 
 
 Business Services 

6,088,000 

6,088 

5,320 

Sierra Hamilton Holdings Corporation 
 
 Oil Gas Engineering and Consulting Services 

15,068,000 

6,958 

254 

Total Common Stock and Membership Units 

14,983 

10,635 

Total Investments in Affiliated Portfolio Companies 

29,081 

26,324 

Total Investments - 214.3 

220,516 

203,592 

As defined in the Investment Company Act, the investment is deemed to be an affiliated person of the Company because the Company owns, either directly or indirectly, 5 or more of the portfolio company s outstanding voting securities. 
 As defined in the Investment Company Act, the investment is deemed to be a controlled affiliated person of the Company because the Company owns, either directly or indirectly, 25 or more of the portfolio company s outstanding voting securities or has the power to exercise control over management or policies of such portfolio company. 
 (+) Represents the actual interest rate for partially or fully funded debt in effect as of the reporting date. Variable rate loans bear interest at a rate that may be determined by the larger of the floor of the reference to either LIBOR L ), SOFR, or alternate base rate, unless otherwise noted) at the borrower s option, which reset periodically based on the terms of the credit agreement. L loans are typically indexed to 6 month, 3 month, or 1 month L rates. SOFR loans are typically indexed to 6 month, 3 month, or 1 month SOFR rates. As of December 31, 2022, rates for the 6 month, 3 month, and 1 month L are 5.14 , 4.77 , and 4.39 , respectively. As of December 31, 2022, rates for the 6 month, 3 month, and 1 month SOFR are 4.78 , 4.59 , and 4.36 , respectively. For investments with multiple reference rates or alternate base rates, the interest rate shown is the weighted average interest rate in effect at December 31, 2022. 
 (++) Par amount is presented for debt investments, while the number of shares or units owned is presented for equity investments. 
 (1) All investments valued using unobservable inputs (Level 3), unless otherwise noted. 

(2) The fair value of each of the Company s investments is determined in good faith using significant unobservable inputs by the Adviser in its role as valuation designee in accordance with Rule 2a-5 under the 1940 Act, pursuant to valuation policies and procedures that have been approved by the Company s board of directors (the Board ). 

(3) All debt investments are income producing, unless otherwise noted. Equity and warrant investments are non-income producing, unless otherwise noted. 

(4) Percentages are based on net assets as of December 31, 2022. 

(5) The Company generally acquires its investments in private transactions exempt from registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). These investments are generally subject to certain limitations on resale, and may be deemed to be restricted securities under the Securities Act. 

(6) Investment is held through our Taxable Subsidiary (See Note 1). 

(7) Non-accrual investment. 

(8) 1.0 of interest payable in cash. 9.0 of interest payable in cash or paid-in-kind at borrower s election. 

(9) 15.0 of interest payable in cash or paid-in-kind at borrower s election. 

(10) The cash rate equals the approximate current yield on our last-out portion of the unitranche facility. 

(11) The investment has been exited or sold. The residual value reflects estimated earnout, escrow, or other proceeds expected post-closing. 

(12) The Company has an unfunded loan or investment commitment to the portfolio company at December 31, 2022 (See Note 2). 

(13) Collateralized loan obligations CLO or CLO s are entitled to periodic distributions which are generally equal to the remaining cash flow of the payments made by the underlying fund s investments less contractual payments to debt holders and fund expenses. The estimated annualized effective yield indicated is based upon a current projection of the amount and timing of these distributions. Such projections are updated on a quarterly basis and the estimated effective yield is adjusted prospectively. 

(14) The equity investment is income producing, based on rate disclosed. 

(15) The investment is treated as a non-qualifying asset under Section 55(a) of the 1940 Act. Under the 1940 Act, we may not acquire any non-qualifying asset unless, at the time the acquisition is made, qualifying assets represent at least 70 of our total assets. As of December 31, 2022, qualifying assets represent 97.5 of the Company s total assets and non-qualifying assets represent 2.5 of the Company s total assets. 

(16) All or a portion of this security is pledged as collateral under the KeyBank Credit Facility and held through the Company s wholly-owned subsidiary, Capitala Business Lending, LLC. 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F- 10 

LOGAN RIDGE FINANCE CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2021 
 (in thousands, except for units/shares) 

Investment (1), (2), (3), (4), (5) 
 
 Industry 
 
 Interest Rate (+) 
 
 Reference Rate and Spread (+) 
 
 Floor (+) 
 
 Maturity 
 
 Par/Shares (++) 

Cost 

Fair Value 

Footnotes 

Investments in Non-Control, Non-Affiliate Portfolio Companies - 121.5 

First Lien/Senior Secured Debt - 82.5 

Accordion Partners LLC 
 
 Industrials 
 
 6.50 
 
 L + 5.50 
 
 1.00 
 
 09/24/2027 

13,965 

13,736 

13,719 

(12) 

Accordion Partners LLC (Revolver) 
 
 Industrials 

L + 5.50 
 
 1.00 
 
 09/30/2026 

(71) 

(68) 
 
 (12) 

Accurate Background, LLC 
 
 Information Technology 
 
 7.00 
 
 L + 6.00 
 
 1.00 
 
 03/26/2027 

2,999 

2,740 

2,760 

Alternative Biomedical Solutions, LLC 
 
 Healthcare 
 
 8.00 

12/18/2022 

7,119 

7,119 

6,824 

American Clinical Solutions, LLC 
 
 Healthcare 
 
 7.00 

12/31/2022 

3,500 

3,500 

3,468 

AP Core Holdings II, LLC 
 
 Information Technology 
 
 6.25 
 
 L + 5.50 
 
 0.75 
 
 07/21/2027 

1,234 

1,217 

1,236 

AP Core Holdings II, LLC 
 
 Information Technology 
 
 6.25 
 
 L + 5.50 
 
 0.75 
 
 07/21/2027 

1,250 

1,232 

1,254 

BigMouth, Inc. 
 
 Consumer Products 

11/14/2021 

1,513 

758 

623 

(7)(16) 

Bradshaw International, Inc. 
 
 Consumer Discretionary 
 
 6.75 
 
 L + 5.75 
 
 1.00 
 
 10/21/2027 

506 

493 

493 

Bradshaw International, Inc. (Revolver) 
 
 Consumer Discretionary 
 
 6.75 
 
 L + 5.75 
 
 1.00 
 
 10/21/2026 

200 

177 

177 

(12) 

Critical Nurse Staffing, LLC 
 
 Healthcare 
 
 7.00 
 
 L + 6.00 
 
 1.00 
 
 10/30/2026 

5,923 

5,806 

5,805 

(12) 

Critical Nurse Staffing, LLC (Revolver) 
 
 Healthcare 

L + 6.00 
 
 1.00 
 
 10/30/2026 

(17) 

(17) 
 
 (12) 

Freedom Electronics, LLC (First Out) 
 
 Electronic Machine Repair 
 
 7.00 
 
 L + 5.00 
 
 2.00 
 
 12/20/2023 

2,588 

2,588 

2,588 

(17) 

Freedom Electronics, LLC (Last Out) 
 
 Electronic Machine Repair 
 
 8.67 

12/20/2023 

5,647 

5,647 

5,647 

(10)(17) 

HUMC Opco, LLC 
 
 Healthcare 
 
 9.00 

01/14/2022 

4,673 

4,673 

4,619 

(17) 

J5 Infrastructure Partners, LLC (Revolver) 
 
 Wireless Deployment Services 

L + 6.50 
 
 1.80 
 
 12/20/2024 

(12) 

JO ET Holdings Limited 
 
 Information Technology 
 
 14.00 
 
 L + 6.00 , 7.00 PIK 
 
 1.00 
 
 12/15/2026 

1,000 

980 

980 

Jurassic Quest Holdings, LLC 
 
 Entertainment 
 
 9.50 
 
 L + 7.50 
 
 2.00 
 
 05/01/2024 

8,355 

8,355 

8,397 

(17) 

Keg Logistics LLC 
 
 Consumer Discretionary 
 
 7.00 
 
 L + 6.00 
 
 1.00 
 
 11/23/2027 

7,535 

7,424 

7,422 

Keg Logistics LLC (Revolver) 
 
 Consumer Discretionary 
 
 7.00 
 
 L + 6.00 
 
 1.00 
 
 11/23/2027 

(13) 

(13) 
 
 (12) 

Lucky Bucks, LLC 
 
 Consumer Discretionary 
 
 6.25 
 
 L + 5.50 
 
 0.75 
 
 07/21/2027 

3,000 

2,944 

2,939 

Marble Point Credit Management LLC 
 
 Financials 
 
 7.00 
 
 L + 6.00 
 
 1.00 
 
 08/11/2028 

5,801 

5,651 

5,656 

Marble Point Credit Management LLC (Revolver) 
 
 Financials 
 
 7.00 
 
 L + 6.00 
 
 1.00 
 
 08/11/2028 

(24) 

(62) 
 
 (12) 

Premier Imaging, LLC 
 
 Healthcare 
 
 7.00 
 
 L + 6.00 
 
 1.00 
 
 12/29/2028 

2,063 

2,023 

2,023 

(12) 

Rotolo Consultants, Inc. 
 
 Industrials 
 
 9.00 
 
 L + 8.00 
 
 1.00 
 
 12/21/2026 

1,000 

990 

990 

Sequoia Healthcare Management, LLC 
 
 Healthcare Management 
 
 12.80 

01/14/2022 

11,935 

11,935 

7,002 

(7) 

Wealth Enhancement Group, LLC 
 
 Financials 
 
 6.75 
 
 L + 5.75 
 
 1.00 
 
 10/02/2027 

3,725 

3,699 

3,686 

(12) 

Wealth Enhancement Group, LLC (Revolver) 
 
 Financials 
 
 6.75 
 
 L + 5.75 
 
 1.00 
 
 10/02/2027 

168 

166 

164 

(12) 

Total First Lien/Senior Secured Debt 

93,728 

88,312 

Second Lien/Senior Secured Debt - 11.9 

BLST Operating Company, LLC 
 
 Online Merchandise Retailer 
 
 10.00 
 
 L + 8.50 
 
 1.50 
 
 08/28/2025 

1,780 

1,780 

1,780 

(8)(17) 

Ivanti Software, Inc. 
 
 Information Technology 
 
 7.75 
 
 L + 7.25 
 
 0.50 
 
 12/01/2028 

7,000 

6,965 

7,018 

(17) 

Mandolin Technology Intermediate Holdings, Inc. 
 
 Information Technology 
 
 7.00 
 
 L + 6.50 
 
 0.50 
 
 07/23/2029 

4,000 

3,971 

3,980 

Total Second Lien/Senior Secured Debt 

12,716 

12,778 

Subordinated Debt - 4.7 

Tubular Textile Machinery, Inc. 
 
 Textile Equipment Manufacturer 
 
 5.00 

10/29/2027 

5,050 

5,050 

5,050 

Total Subordinated Debt 

5,050 

5,050 

Preferred Stock and Units - 2.5 

Alternative Biomedical Solutions, LLC - Series A 
 
 Healthcare 

13,811 

1,275 

542 

Alternative Biomedical Solutions, LLC - Series B 
 
 Healthcare 

48,025 

3,943 

Alternative Biomedical Solutions, LLC - Series C 
 
 Healthcare 

78,900 

Jurassic Quest Holdings, LLC 
 
 Entertainment 

467,784 

480 

497 

(6) 

MicroHoldco, LLC 
 
 General Industrial 

740,237 

749 

645 

(11) 

Taylor Precision Products, Inc. - Series C 
 
 Household Product Manufacturer 

379 

758 

287 

U.S. BioTek Laboratories, LLC - Class A 
 
 Testing Laboratories 

500 

540 

609 

U.S. BioTek Laboratories, LLC - Class D 
 
 Testing Laboratories 

78 

78 

101 

Total Preferred Stock and Units 

7,823 

2,681 

Common Stock and Membership Units - 19.8 

Alternative Biomedical Solutions, LLC 
 
 Healthcare 

20,092 

800 

Alternative Biomedical Solutions, LLC - Membership Unit Warrants 
 
 Healthcare 

49,295 

American Clinical Solutions, LLC - Class A 
 
 Healthcare 

6,030,384 

3,198 

5,587 

(6) 

BLST Operating Company, LLC - Class A 
 
 Online Merchandise Retailer 

217,013 

286 

4,171 

(6) 

Burke America Parts Group, LLC 
 
 Home Repair Parts Manufacturer 

14 

5 

3,062 

(6) 

Freedom Electronics, LLC 
 
 Electronic Machine Repair 

181,818 

182 

230 

JMP CLO IV Ltd. 
 
 Financials 
 
 17.72 

07/17/2029 

7,891 

3,592 

3,474 

(15)(13) 

JMP CLO V Ltd. 
 
 Financials 
 
 20.89 

07/17/2030 

7,320 

4,448 

4,243 

(15)(13) 

U.S. BioTek Laboratories, LLC - Class C 
 
 Testing Laboratories 

578 

1 

403 

Total Common Stock and Membership Units 

12,512 

21,170 

Total Investments in Non-Control, Non-Affiliate Portfolio Companies 

131,829 

129,991 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F- 11 
 
 LOGAN RIDGE FINANCE CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS - CONTINUED 
 DECEMBER 31, 2021 
 (in thousands, except for units/shares) 

Investment (1), (2), (3), (4), (5) 
 
 Industry 
 
 Interest Rate (+) 
 
 Reference Rate and Spread (+) 
 
 Floor (+) 
 
 Maturity 
 
 Par/Shares (++) 

Cost 

Fair Value 

Footnotes 

Investments in Affiliated Portfolio Companies - 57.3 

First Lien/Senior Secured Debt - 5.9 

MMI Holdings, LLC 
 
 Medical Device Distributor 
 
 12.00 

01/31/2022 

2,600 

2,600 

2,600 

RAM Payment, LLC (First Out) 
 
 Financial Services 
 
 6.50 
 
 L + 5.00 
 
 1.50 
 
 01/04/2024 

998 

998 

998 

(17) 

RAM Payment, LLC (Last Out) 
 
 Financial Services 
 
 9.86 

01/04/2024 

2,706 

2,706 

2,706 

(10)(17) 

Total First Lien/Senior Secured Debt 

6,304 

6,304 

Second Lien/Senior Secured Debt - 16.3 

Eastport Holdings, LLC 
 
 Business Services 
 
 13.50 
 
 L + 13.00 
 
 0.50 
 
 04/30/2022 

16,500 

16,451 

16,500 

(17) 

MMI Holdings, LLC 
 
 Medical Device Distributor 
 
 6.00 

01/31/2022 

400 

388 

400 

Sierra Hamilton Holdings Corporation 
 
 Oil Gas Engineering and Consulting Services 
 
 15.00 

09/12/2023 

3 

3 

3 

(9) 

V12 Holdings, Inc. 
 
 Data Processing Digital Marketing 

509 

490 

509 

(11) 

Total Second Lien/Senior Secured Debt 

17,332 

17,412 

Preferred Stock and Units - 10.1 

GA Communications, Inc. - Series A-1 
 
 Advertising Marketing Services 

1,998 

3,477 

4,394 

LJS Partners, LLC 
 
 QSR Franchisor 

202,336 

437 

843 

MMI Holdings, LLC 
 
 Medical Device Distributor 
 
 6.00 PIK 

1,000 

1,786 

1,898 

(14) 

RAM Payment, LLC 
 
 Financial Services 
 
 8.00 PIK 

86,000 

1,066 

3,726 

(14) 

Total Preferred Stock and Units 

6,766 

10,861 

Common Stock and Membership Units - 25.0 

Burgaflex Holdings, LLC - Class A 
 
 Automobile Part Manufacturer 

1,253,198 

1,504 

1,193 

Burgaflex Holdings, LLC - Class B 
 
 Automobile Part Manufacturer 

1,085,073 

362 

1,528 

Eastport Holdings, LLC 
 
 Business Services 

3,263 

16,319 

GA Communications, Inc. - Series B-1 
 
 Advertising Marketing Services 

200,000 

2 

185 

LJS Partners, LLC 
 
 QSR Franchisor 

2,593,234 

1,224 

7,164 

MMI Holdings, LLC 
 
 Medical Device Distributor 

45 

63 

Nth Degree Investment Group, LLC 
 
 Business Services 

6,088,000 

6,088 

Sierra Hamilton Holdings Corporation 
 
 Oil Gas Engineering and Consulting Services 

15,068,000 

6,958 

330 

Total Common Stock and Membership Units 

19,401 

26,782 

Total Investments in Affiliated Portfolio Companies 

49,803 

61,359 

Investments in Controlled Portfolio Companies - 6.4 

First Lien/Senior Secured Debt - 3.4 

Vology, Inc. 
 
 Information Technology 
 
 10.50 
 
 L + 8.50 
 
 2.00 
 
 03/31/2022 

3,635 

3,635 

3,635 

Total First Lien/Senior Secured Debt 

3,635 

3,635 

Preferred Stock and Units - 3.0 

Vology, Inc. - Class A 
 
 Information Technology 

9,041,810 

5,215 

3,204 

Total Preferred Stock and Units 

5,215 

3,204 

Total Investments in Controlled Portfolio Companies 

8,850 

6,839 

Total Investments - 185.2 

190,482 

198,189 

As defined in the Investment Company Act, the investment is deemed to be an affiliated person of the Company because the Company owns, either directly or indirectly, 5 or more of the portfolio company s outstanding voting securities. 
 As defined in the Investment Company Act, the investment is deemed to be a controlled affiliated person of the Company because the Company owns, either directly or indirectly, 25 or more of the portfolio company s outstanding voting securities or has the power to exercise control over management or policies of such portfolio company. 
 (+) Represents the actual interest rate for partially or fully funded debt in effect as of the reporting date. Variable rate loans bear interest at a rate that may be determined by the larger of the floor of the reference to either LIBOR L or alternate base rate (commonly known as the U.S. Prime Rate P ), unless otherwise noted) at the borrower s option, which reset periodically based on the terms of the credit agreement. L loans are typically indexed to 12 month, 6 month, 3 month, 2 month, or 1 month L rates. As of December 31, 2021, rates for the 12 month, 6 month, 3 month, 2 month and 1 month L are 0.58 , 0.34 , 0.21 , 0.15 and 0.10 , respectively. As of December 31, 2021, P was 3.25 . For investments with multiple reference rates or alternate base rates, the interest rate shown is the weighted average interest rate in effect at December 31, 2021. 
 (++) Par amount is presented for debt investments, while the number of shares or units owned is presented for equity investments. 
 (1) All investments valued using unobservable inputs (Level 3), unless otherwise noted. 

(2) The fair value of each of the Company s investments is determined in good faith using significant unobservable inputs by the Adviser in its role as valuation designee in accordance with Rule 2a-5 under the 1940 Act, pursuant to valuation policies and procedures that have been approved by the Company s board of directors (the Board ). 

(3) All debt investments are income producing, unless otherwise noted. Equity and warrant investments are non-income producing, unless otherwise noted. 

(4) Percentages are based on net assets as of December 31, 2021. 

(5) The Company generally acquires its investments in private transactions exempt from registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). These investments are generally subject to certain limitations on resale, and may be deemed to be restricted securities under the Securities Act. 

(6) Investment is held through our Taxable Subsidiary (See Note 1). 

(7) Non-accrual investment. 

(8) 1.0 of interest payable in cash. 9.0 of interest payable in cash or paid-in-kind at borrower s election. 

(9) 15.0 of interest payable in cash or paid-in-kind at borrower s election. 

(10) The cash rate equals the approximate current yield on our last-out portion of the unitranche facility. 

(11) The investment has been exited or sold. The residual value reflects estimated earnout, escrow, or other proceeds expected post-closing. 

(12) The Company has an unfunded loan or investment commitment to the portfolio company at December 31, 2021 (See Note 2). 

(13) Collateralized loan obligations CLO or CLO's are entitled to periodic distributions which are generally equal to the remaining cash flow of the payments made by the underlying fund s investments less contractual payments to debt holders and fund expenses. The estimated annualized effective yield indicated is based upon a current projection of the amount and timing of these distributions. Such projections are updated on a quarterly basis and the estimated effective yield is adjusted prospectively. 

(14) The equity investment is income producing, based on rate disclosed. 

(15) The investment is treated as a non-qualifying asset under Section 55(a) of the 1940 Act. Under the 1940 Act, we may not acquire any non-qualifying asset unless, at the time the acquisition is made, qualifying assets represent at least 70 of our total assets. As of December 31, 2021, qualifying assets represent 96.2 of the Company s total assets and non-qualifying assets represent 3.2 of the Company s total assets. 

(16) The Company is in liquidation. The fair value represents Management s estimate of future expected proceeds on the term loan, which Management believes approximates the exit price. The Company received a cash payment of 0.5 million during the fourth quarter of 2021, which reduced the cost basis of the term loan. 

(17) All or a portion of this security is pledged as collateral under the KeyBank Credit Facility and held through the Company s wholly-owned subsidiary, Capitala Business Lending, LLC. 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F- 12 

LOGAN RIDGE FINANCE CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 Note 1. Organization 
 Logan Ridge Finance Corporation Logan Ridge , the Company , we , us , and our is an externally managed non-diversified closed-end management investment company incorporated in Maryland on February 21, 2013. The Company has elected to be regulated as a business development company BDC under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the 1940 Act ). In addition, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, the Company has elected to be treated, and intends to comply with the requirements to continue to qualify annually, as a regulated investment company RIC under Subchapter M of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ). The Company commenced operations on May 24, 2013 and completed its initial public offering IPO on September 30, 2013. The Company is managed by Mount Logan Management LLC (the Adviser ), an investment adviser that is registered as an investment adviser under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended, and an affiliate of BC Partners LLP BC Partners ). BC Partners Management LLC (the Administrator ), also an affiliate of BC Partners, provides administrative services necessary for the Company to operate. 
 The Company s investment objective is to generate both current income and capital appreciation through debt and equity investments. The Company offers customized financing to business owners, management teams, and financial sponsors for change of ownership transactions, recapitalizations, strategic acquisitions, business expansion, and other growth initiatives. The Company invests in first lien loans, and, to a lesser extent, second lien loans and equity securities issued by lower middle-market and traditional middle-market companies. 
 The Company was formed for the purpose of: (i) acquiring, through a series of transactions, an investment portfolio from the following entities: CapitalSouth Partners Fund I Limited Partnership Fund I ); CapitalSouth Partners Fund II Limited Partnership Fund II ); CapitalSouth Partners Fund III, L.P. Fund III Parent ); CapitalSouth Fund III, L.P. (f/k/a CapitalSouth Partners SBIC Fund III, L.P.) Fund III ); and CapitalSouth Partners Florida Sidecar Fund I, L.P. Florida Sidecar and, collectively with Fund I, Fund II, Fund III, and Fund III Parent, the Legacy Funds ); (ii) raising capital in the IPO and (iii) continuing and expanding the business of the Legacy Funds by making additional debt and equity investments in lower middle-market and traditional middle-market companies. 
 On September 24, 2013, the Company acquired 100 of the limited partnership interests in Fund II, Fund III, and Florida Sidecar and each of their respective general partners, as well as certain assets from Fund I and Fund III Parent, in exchange for an aggregate of 8,974,420 shares of the Company s common stock (the Formation Transactions ). Fund II, Fund III, and Florida Sidecar became the Company s wholly owned subsidiaries. Fund II and Fund III retained their small business investment company SBIC licenses, continued to hold their existing investments at the time of the IPO and have continued to make new investments. The IPO consisted of the sale of 4,000,000 shares of the Company s common stock at a price of 20.00 per share, resulting in net proceeds to the Company of 74.25 million, after deducting underwriting fees and commissions totaling 4.0 million and offering expenses totaling 1.75 million. The other costs of the IPO were borne by the limited partners of the Legacy Funds. During the fourth quarter of 2017, Florida Sidecar transferred all of its assets to the Company and was legally dissolved as a standalone partnership. On March 1, 2019, Fund II repaid its outstanding debentures guaranteed by the SBA (the SBA-guaranteed debentures and relinquished its SBIC license. On June 10, 2021, Fund III repaid its SBA-guaranteed debentures and relinquished its SBIC license. Accordingly, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were no SBA-guaranteed debentures outstanding. 
 The Company has formed, and expects to continue to form, certain consolidated taxable subsidiaries (the Taxable Subsidiaries ), which are taxed as corporations for U.S. federal income tax purposes. The Taxable Subsidiaries allow the Company to make equity investments in companies organized as pass-through entities while continuing to satisfy the requirements of a RIC under the Code. 
 Capitala Business Lending, LLC CBL ), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, was established on October 30, 2020, for the sole purpose of holding certain investments pledged as collateral under the Company s line of credit with KeyBank National Association (the KeyBank Credit Facility ). See Note 7 for more details about the KeyBank Credit Facility. The financial statements of CBL are consolidated with those of Logan Ridge Finance Corporation. 
 Reverse Stock Split 
 On July 30, 2020, the Company s board of directors (the Board approved a one-for-six reverse stock split of the Company s shares of common stock. Accordingly, on August 3, 2020, the Company filed Articles of Amendment (the Articles of Amendment to its Articles of Amendment and Restatement with the State Department of Assessments and Taxation of the State of Maryland to effectuate a one-for-six reverse stock split (the Reverse Stock Split of the Company s shares of common stock, par value 0.01 per share (the Shares ). The Reverse Stock Split became effective at 5:00 p.m. Eastern Time on August 21, 2020 (the Effective Time ). At the Effective Time, every six (6) issued and outstanding Shares were converted into one (1) Share. The Articles of Amendment also provided that there was no change in the par value of 0.01 per Share as a result of the Reverse Stock Split. 
 No fractional shares of common stock were issued in connection with the Reverse Stock Split and fractional shares of common stock were eliminated by paying cash for the fair value of a fractional portion of Shares. The Reverse Stock Split applied to all of the Company s outstanding Shares and therefore did not affect any shareholder s relative ownership percentage. 
 Definitive Agreement 
 On April 20, 2021, Capitala Investment Advisors, LLC Capitala ), the Company s former investment adviser, entered into a definitive agreement (the Definitive Agreement with the Investment Adviser and Mount Logan Capital Inc. MLC ), both affiliates of BC Partners Advisors L.P. BC Partners for U.S. regulatory purposes, whereby Mount Logan acquired certain assets related to Capitala s business of providing investment management services to the Company (the Transaction ), through which the Investment Adviser became the Company s investment adviser pursuant to an investment advisory agreement (the Investment Advisory Agreement with the Company. At a special meeting of the Company s stockholders (the Special Meeting held on May 27, 2021, the Company s stockholders approved the Investment Advisory Agreement. The transactions contemplated by the Definitive Agreement closed on July 1, 2021 (the Closing ). 
 As part of the Transaction, the Investment Adviser entered into a two-year contractual fee waiver (the Fee Waiver with the Company to waive, to the extent necessary, any capital gains fee under the Investment Advisory Agreement that exceeds what would have been paid to Capitala in the aggregate over such two-year period under the prior advisory agreement. 
 On the date of the Closing, the Company changed its name from Capitala Finance Corp. to Logan Ridge Finance Corporation and on July 2, 2021, the Company s common stock began trading on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol LRFC. 
 F- 13 
 
 LOGAN RIDGE FINANCE CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 On July 1, 2021, in connection with the Closing, the Company s then-current interested directors and the Company s then-current independent directors resigned as members of the Board and Ted Goldthorpe, the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, along with Alexander Duka, George Grunebaum, and Robert Warshauer, were appointed as members of the Board (the Directors ). The Directors were appointed by the Board to fill the vacancies created by the resignations described above and the Directors were appointed to the class of directors as determined by the Board in accordance with the Company s organizational documents. The Company s stockholders will have the opportunity to vote for each of the Directors when his class of directors is up for reelection. 
 All of the Company s then-current officers resigned at the Closing and the Board appointed Ted Goldthorpe as the Company s Chief Executive Officer and President, Jason Roos as the Company s Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary, Patrick Schafer as the Company s Chief Investment Officer and David Held as the Company s Chief Compliance Officer. On November 9, 2021, Jason Roos was replaced as Secretary and Treasurer of the Company by Brandon Satoren, who was also appointed as Chief Accounting Officer. Mr. Roos continues to serve as Chief Financial Officer of the Company. 
 Note 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
 Basis of Presentation 
 The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles U.S. GAAP pursuant to the requirements for reporting on Form 10-K and Regulation S-X, as appropriate. These consolidated financial statements reflect adjustments that in the opinion of the Company are necessary for the fair presentation of the financial position and results of operations as of and for the periods presented herein. The Company is considered an investment company as defined in Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 946 Financial Services Investment Companies ASC 946 and therefore applies the accounting and reporting guidance applicable to investment companies. The Company has evaluated subsequent events through the date of issuance of the consolidated financial statements. 
 The Company s financial statements as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 are presented on a consolidated basis. The consolidated financial statements of the Company include the accounts of the Company and its wholly owned subsidiaries, including Fund II, Fund III, CBL, and the Taxable Subsidiaries. The effects of all intercompany transactions between the Company and its subsidiaries (Fund II, Fund III, CBL, and the Taxable Subsidiaries) have been eliminated in consolidation. All financial data and information included in these consolidated financial statements have been presented on the basis described above. In the opinion of management, the consolidated financial statements reflect all adjustments that are necessary for the fair presentation of financial results as of and for the periods presented. 
 Use of Estimates in the Preparation of Financial Statements 
 The preparation of the consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Actual results could differ from those estimates under different assumptions and conditions. The most significant estimates in the preparation of the consolidated financial statements are investment valuation, revenue recognition, and income taxes. 
 Consolidation 
 As provided under ASC 946, the Company will generally not consolidate its investment in a company other than a substantially wholly owned investment company subsidiary or a controlled operating company whose business consists of providing services to the Company. Accordingly, the Company consolidated the results of the Company s wholly owned investment company subsidiaries (Fund II, Fund III, CBL, and the Taxable Subsidiaries) in its consolidated financial statements. 
 Cash and Cash Equivalents 
 The Company considers cash equivalents to be highly liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less at the date of purchase. The Company deposits its cash in financial institutions, and, at times, such balances may be in excess of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation insurance limits. 
 Investment Classification 
 In accordance with the provisions of the 1940 Act, the Company classifies its investments by level of control. As defined in the 1940 Act, Control Investments are investments in those companies that the Company is deemed to Control. Affiliate Investments are investments in those companies that are Affiliated Companies of the Company, as defined in the 1940 Act, other than Control Investments. Non-Control/Non-Affiliate Investments are those investments that are neither Control Investments nor Affiliate Investments. Generally, under the 1940 Act, the Company is deemed to control a company in which it has invested if the Company owns more than 25 of the voting securities of such company and/or has greater than 50 representation on its board or has the power to exercise control over management or policies of such portfolio company. The Company is deemed to be an affiliate of a company in which the Company has invested if it owns between 5 or more of the voting securities of such company. 
 Valuation of Investments 
 Investment transactions are recorded on the trade date. Realized gains or losses on investments are calculated using the specific identification method as the difference between the net proceeds received (excluding prepayment fees, if any) and the amortized cost basis of the investment without regard to unrealized appreciation or depreciation previously recognized, and include investments charged off during the period, net of recoveries. Net change in unrealized appreciation or depreciation reflects the change in portfolio investment values during the reporting period, including any reversal of previously recorded unrealized appreciation or depreciation when gains or losses are recognized. 
 Investments for which market quotations are available are typically valued at those market quotations. To validate market quotations, the Company will utilize a number of factors to determine if the quotations are representative of fair value, including the source and number of the quotations. 
 Debt that is not publicly traded but for which there are external pricing sources available as of the valuation date is valued using independent broker-dealer, market maker quotations or independent pricing services. The valuation committee, comprised of members of the Adviser, (the Valuation Committee subjects these quotes to various criteria including, but not limited to, the number and quality of quotes, the deviation among the quotes and information derived from analyzing the Company s 
 F- 14 
 
 LOGAN RIDGE FINANCE CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 own transactions in such investments throughout the reporting period. Generally, such investments are categorized in level 2 of the fair value hierarchy, unless the Valuation Committee determines that the quality, quantity or deviation among quotes warrants significant adjustment to the inputs utilized. 
 The Board has designated the Adviser as its valuation designee pursuant to Rule 2a-5 under the 1940 Act, and in that role the Adviser is responsible for performing fair value determinations relating to all of the Company's investments, including periodically assessing and managing any material valuation risks and establishing and applying fair value methodologies, in accordance with valuation policies and procedures that have been approved by the Board. The Board remains ultimately responsible for fair value determinations under the 1940 Act and satisfies its responsibility through oversight of the valuation designee in accordance with Rule 2a-5. Investments that are not publicly traded or whose market prices are not readily available, as is expected to be the case for substantially all of the Company s investments, are valued at fair value as determined in good faith by the Adviser, based on, among other things, input of independent third-party valuation firm(s). 
 The Adviser undertakes a multi-step valuation process, which includes, among other procedures, the following: 
 The Company s quarterly valuation process begins with each portfolio company or investment being initially valued using certain inputs, among others, provided by the investment professionals responsible for the portfolio investment in conjunction with the Company s portfolio management team. The Company utilizes an independent valuation firm to provide valuation on each material illiquid security at least once every trailing 12-month period; 

Preliminary valuations are reviewed and discussed with management of the Adviser and investment professionals; and 

The Adviser will review the valuations and determine the fair value of each investment. Valuations that are not based on readily available market quotations will be valued in good faith based on, among other things, the input of, where applicable, third parties. 

As part of the valuation process, the Adviser may consider other information and may use valuation methods including but not limited to (i) market quotes for similar investments, (ii) recent trading activity, (iii) discounting forecasted cash flows of the investment, (iv) models that consider the implied yields from comparable debt, (v) third party appraisal, (vi) sale negotiations and purchase offers received from independent parties and (vii) estimated value of underlying assets to be received in liquidation or restructuring. 
 Due to the inherent uncertainty of determining the fair value of investments that do not have a readily available market value, the fair value of our investments may fluctuate from period to period. Additionally, the fair value of such investments may differ significantly from the values that would have been used had a ready market existed for such investments and may differ materially from the values that may ultimately be realized. Further, such investments are generally less liquid than publicly traded securities and may be subject to contractual and other restrictions on resale. If the Company were required to liquidate a portfolio investment in a forced or liquidation sale, it could realize amounts that are different from the amounts presented and such differences could be material. 
 In addition, changes in the market environment and other events that may occur over the life of the investments may cause the gains or losses ultimately realized on these investments to be different than the unrealized gains or losses reflected herein. 
 Under existing accounting guidance, fair value is defined as the price that the Company would receive upon selling an investment or pay to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction to a market participant in the principal or most advantageous market for the investment. This accounting guidance emphasizes valuation techniques that maximize the use of observable market inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs. Inputs refer broadly to the assumptions that market participants would use in pricing an asset or liability, including assumptions about risk. Inputs may be observable or unobservable. Observable inputs are inputs that reflect the assumptions market participants would use in pricing an asset or liability developed based on market data obtained from sources independent of the Company. Unobservable inputs are inputs that reflect the assumptions market participants would use in pricing an asset or liability developed based on the best information available in the circumstances. 
 The Company classifies the inputs used to measure these fair values into the following hierarchy as defined by current accounting guidance: 
 Level 1: Unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that are accessible to the Company. 
 Level 2: Quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets, or quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active, or other observable inputs other than quoted prices. 
 Level 3: Significant inputs that are unobservable for an asset or liability. 
 A financial instrument s categorization within the valuation hierarchy is based upon the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. Investments for which no external pricing sources are available as of the valuation date are included in level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. 
 As a practical expedient, the Company uses net asset value NAV as the fair value for its equity investment in Great Lakes Funding II LLC Great Lakes II Joint Venture ). The Great Lakes II Joint Venture records its underlying investments at fair value on a quarterly basis in accordance with the 1940 Act and US GAAP. 
 Enterprise Value Waterfall Approach 
 The enterprise value waterfall approach determines an enterprise value based on earnings before interest, tax, depreciation, and amortization EBITDA multiples of publicly traded companies that are considered similar to the subject portfolio company. The Company considers a variety of items in determining a reasonable pricing multiple, including, but not limited to, operating results, budgeted projections, growth, size, risk, profitability, leverage, management depth, diversification, market position, supplier or customer dependence, asset utilization, liquidity metrics, and access to capital markets. EBITDA of the portfolio company is adjusted for non-recurring items in order to reflect a normalized level of earnings that is representative of future earnings. In certain instances, the Company may also utilize revenue multiples to determine enterprise value. When available, the Company may assign a pricing multiple or value its investments based on the value of recent investment transactions in the subject portfolio company or offers to purchase the portfolio company. The enterprise value is adjusted for financial instruments with seniority to the Company s ownership and for the effect of any instrument which may dilute the Company s investment in the portfolio company. The adjusted enterprise value is then apportioned based on the seniority and privileges of the Company s investments within the portfolio company. 
 Income Approach 
 The income approach utilizes a discounted cash flow methodology in which the Company estimates fair value based on the present value of expected cash flows discounted at a market rate of interest. The determination of a discount rate, or required rate of return, takes into account the portfolio company s fundamentals and perceived credit risk. Because the majority of the Company s portfolio companies do not have a public credit rating, determining a discount rate often involves assigning 
 F- 15 
 
 LOGAN RIDGE FINANCE CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 an implied credit rating based on the portfolio company s operating metrics compared to average metrics of similar publicly rated debt. Operating metrics include, but are not limited to, EBITDA, interest coverage, leverage ratios, return on capital, and debt to equity ratios. The implied credit rating is used to assign a base discount rate range based on publicly available yields on similarly rated debt securities. The Company may apply a premium to the discount rate utilized in determining fair value when performance metrics and other qualitative information indicate that there is an additional level of uncertainty about collectability of cash flows. 
 Asset Approach 
 The asset approach values an investment based on the value of the underlying collateral securing the investment. 
 Revenue Recognition 
 The Company s revenue recognition policies are as follows: 
 Interest income and paid-in-kind interest income: Interest income is recorded on the accrual basis to the extent that such amounts are expected to be collected. The Company has loans in the portfolio that contain a PIK interest provision. PIK interest, which represents contractually deferred interest added to the loan balance that is generally due at maturity, is recorded on an accrual basis to the extent that such amounts are expected to be collected. PIK interest is not accrued if the Company does not expect the issuer to be able to pay all principal and interest when due. 
 Non-accrual investments: Management reviews all loans that become 90 days or more past due, or when there is reasonable doubt that principal or interest will be collected, for possible placement on non-accrual status. When the Company otherwise does not expect the borrower to be able to service its debt and other obligations, the Company will place the loan on non-accrual status and will generally cease recognizing interest income and PIK interest on that loan for financial reporting purposes. Interest payments received on non-accrual loans may be recognized as income or applied to principal depending upon management s judgment. The Company writes off any previously accrued and uncollected interest when it is determined that interest is no longer considered collectible. Non-accrual loans are returned to accrual status when the borrower s financial condition improves such that management believes current interest and principal payments are expected to be collected. 
 Gains and losses on investment sales: Realized gains and losses on investments are recognized using the specific identification method. 
 Dividend income and paid-in-kind dividends: Dividend income is recognized on the date dividends are declared. The Company holds preferred equity investments in the portfolio that contain a PIK dividend provision. PIK dividends, which represent contractually deferred dividends added to the equity balance, are recorded on the accrual basis to the extent that such amounts are expected to be collected. The Company will typically cease accrual of PIK dividends when the fair value of the equity investment is less than the cost basis of the investment or when it is otherwise determined by management that PIK dividends are unlikely to be collected. If management determines that a decline in fair value is temporary in nature and PIK dividends are more likely than not to be collected, management may elect to continue accruing PIK dividends. 
 Original issue discount: Discounts received to par on loans purchased are capitalized and accreted into income over the life of the loan. Any remaining discount is accreted into income upon prepayment of the loan. 
 Other income: Origination fees (to the extent services are performed to earn such income), amendment fees, consent fees, and other fees associated with investments in portfolio companies are recognized as income when they are earned. Prepayment penalties received by the Company for debt instruments repaid prior to maturity date are recorded as income upon receipt. 
 General and Administrative Expenses 
 General and administrative expenses are accrued as incurred. The Company s administrative expenses include personnel and overhead expenses allocable to the Company paid by and reimbursed to the Administrator under an administration agreement between the Company and the Administrator (the Administration Agreement ). Other operating expenses such as legal and audit fees and director and officer insurance are generally paid directly by the Company. 
 Deferred Financing Fees 
 Costs incurred to issue the Company s debt obligations are capitalized and are amortized over the term of the debt agreements under the effective interest method. Deferred financing fees are presented as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of the corresponding debt liability in the Statement of Assets and Liabilities. 
 Earnings per share 
 The Company s earnings per share EPS amounts have been computed based on the weighted-average number of shares of the Company s common stock outstanding for the period. Basic EPS is computed by dividing net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations by the weighted average number of shares of the Company s common stock outstanding during the period of computation. Diluted EPS is computed by dividing net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations, adjusted for the change in net assets resulting from the exercise of the dilutive shares, by the weighted average number of shares of the Company s common stock assuming all potentially dilutive shares had been issued. Diluted EPS reflects the potential dilution, using the as-if-converted method for convertible debt, which could occur if all potentially dilutive securities were exercised. 
 Retroactive Adjustments for Reverse Stock Split 
 The share amount and per share amount of the Company s common stock in the consolidated financial statements and notes have been retroactively adjusted for the Reverse Stock Split effected on August 21, 2020 for all periods presented. See Note 1 for more information regarding the Reverse Stock Split. 
 
 F- 16 
 
 LOGAN RIDGE FINANCE CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 Commitments and Contingencies 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had the following unfunded commitments to existing portfolio companies (dollars in thousands): 

Portfolio Company 
 Investment 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 December 31, 2021 

Accordion Partners LLC (1) 
 First Lien/Senior Secured Debt 
 
 897 

4,000 

Accordion Partners LLC (Revolver) 
 First Lien/Senior Secured Debt 
 
 1,531 

5,000 

Beta Plus Technologies (Revolver) 
 First Lien/Senior Secured Debt 
 
 453 
 
 N/A 

Bradshaw International, Inc. (Revolver) 
 First Lien/Senior Secured Debt 
 
 922 

722 

Critical Nurse Staffing, LLC (1) 
 First Lien/Senior Secured Debt 
 
 2,063 

2,063 

Critical Nurse Staffing, LLC (Revolver) 
 First Lien/Senior Secured Debt 
 
 700 

1,000 

Dentive, LLC (1) 
 First Lien/Senior Secured Debt 
 
 598 
 
 N/A 

Dentive, LLC (Revolver) 
 First Lien/Senior Secured Debt 
 
 187 
 
 N/A 

Epic Staffing Group (1) 
 First Lien/Senior Secured Debt 
 
 872 
 
 N/A 

Great Lakes Funding II LLC - Series A 
 Joint Venture 
 
 80 
 
 N/A 

GreenPark Infrastructure, LLC - Series M-1 
 Common Stock and Membership Units 
 
 732 
 
 N/A 

J5 Infrastructure Partners, LLC (Revolver) 
 First Lien/Senior Secured Debt 
 N/A 

3,500 

Keg Logistics LLC (Revolver) 
 First Lien/Senior Secured Debt 
 
 436 

872 

Marble Point Credit Management LLC (Revolver) 
 First Lien/Senior Secured Debt 
 
 2,500 

2,500 

Premier Imaging, LLC (1) 
 First Lien/Senior Secured Debt 
 
 1,378 

1,937 

Wealth Enhancement Group, LLC (1) 
 First Lien/Senior Secured Debt 

3,275 

Wealth Enhancement Group, LLC (Revolver) 
 First Lien/Senior Secured Debt 
 
 438 

269 

Total Unfunded Commitments 

13,787 

25,138 

(1) Delayed-draw term loan. 

In the ordinary course of business, the Company may enter into contracts or agreements that contain indemnifications or warranties. Future events could occur that could lead to the execution of these provisions against the Company. Based on its history and experience, management believes that the likelihood of such an event is remote. 
 In the ordinary course of business, the Company may directly or indirectly be a defendant or plaintiff in legal actions with respect to bankruptcy, insolvency, or other types of proceedings. Such lawsuits may involve claims that could adversely affect the value of certain financial instruments owned by the Company or result in direct losses to the Company. The nature of litigation can make it difficult to predict the impact a particular lawsuit will have on the Company. There are many reasons that the Company cannot make these assessments, including, among others, one or more of the following: the proceeding is in its early stages; the damages sought are unspecified, unsupportable, unexplained or uncertain; discovery has not started or is not complete; there are significant facts in dispute; and there are other parties who may share in any ultimate liability. 
 In management s opinion, no direct losses with respect to litigation contingencies were probable as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. Management is of the opinion that the ultimate resolution of such claims, if any, will not materially affect the Company s business, financial position, results of operations, or liquidity. Furthermore, in management s opinion, it is not possible to estimate a range of reasonably possible losses with respect to litigation contingencies. 
 Income Taxes 
 The Company has elected to be treated for U.S. federal income tax purposes and intends to comply with the requirements to qualify annually as a RIC under subchapter M of the Code and, among other things, intends to make the requisite distributions to its stockholders which will relieve the Company from U.S. federal income taxes. 
 In order to qualify as a RIC, among other requirements, the Company is required to timely distribute to its stockholders at least 90.0 of its investment company taxable income, as defined by the Code, for each fiscal tax year. The Company will be subject to a nondeductible U.S. federal excise tax of 4.0 on undistributed income if it does not distribute at least 98.0 of its ordinary income in any calendar year and 98.2 of its capital gain net income for each one-year period ending on October 31. 
 Depending on the level of taxable income earned in an excise tax year, the Company may choose to carry forward taxable income in excess of current year dividend distributions into the next excise tax year and pay a 4.0 excise tax on such income, as required. To the extent that the Company determines that its estimated current year annual taxable income will be in excess of estimated current year dividend distributions for U.S. federal excise tax purposes, the Company accrues excise tax, if any, on estimated excess taxable income as taxable income is earned. Since the Company s IPO, the Company has not accrued or paid excise tax. 
 The tax years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, 2020 and 2019 remain subject to examination by U.S. federal, state, and local tax authorities. No material interest expense or penalties have been assessed for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. If the Company was required to recognize interest and penalties, if any, related to unrecognized tax benefits this would be recognized as income tax expense in the consolidated statements of operations. 
 The Company s Taxable Subsidiaries record deferred tax assets or liabilities related to temporary book versus tax differences on the income or loss generated by the underlying equity investments held by the Taxable Subsidiaries. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded a net deferred tax asset of zero, respectively. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company recorded a tax provision (benefit) of 0.1 million, zero and zero, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the valuation allowance on the Company s deferred tax asset was 4.0 million and 2.5 million, respectively. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company recognized an increase (decrease) in the valuation allowance of 1.5 million, (2.1) million, and 1.4 million, respectively. 
 In accordance with certain applicable U.S. Treasury regulations and guidance issued by the Internal Revenue Service, a RIC may treat a distribution of its own stock as fulfilling its RIC distribution requirements if each stockholder may elect to receive its entire distribution in either cash or stock of the RIC, subject to a limitation on the aggregate amount of cash to be distributed to all stockholders, which limitation must be at least 20.0 of the aggregate declared distribution. If too many stockholders elect to receive cash, the cash available for distribution must be allocated among the stockholders electing to receive cash (with the balance of the distribution 
 F- 17 
 
 LOGAN RIDGE FINANCE CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 paid in stock). In no event will any stockholder, electing to receive cash, receive less than 20.0 of its entire distribution in cash. If these and certain other requirements are met, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, the amount of the dividend paid in stock will be equal to the amount of cash that could have been received instead of stock. For income tax purposes, the Company has paid distributions on its shares of common stock from ordinary income in the amount of zero, zero, and 0.7 million during the tax years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. For income tax purposes, the Company has paid distributions on its shares of common stock that were accounted for as a return of capital in the amount of zero, zero, and 3.4 million for the tax years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 ASC Topic 740 Income Taxes ASC 740 ), provides guidance for how uncertain tax positions should be recognized, measured, presented, and disclosed in the financial statements. ASC 740 requires the evaluation of tax positions taken or expected to be taken in the course of preparing the Company s tax returns to determine whether the tax positions are more-likely-than-not to be sustained by the applicable tax authority. Tax positions deemed to meet a more-likely-than-not threshold would be recorded as a tax benefit or expense in the current period. The Company recognizes interest and penalties, if any, related to unrecognized tax benefits as income tax expense in the consolidated statements of operations. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were no uncertain tax positions. 
 The Company is required to determine whether a tax position of the Company is more-likely-than-not to be sustained upon examination by the applicable taxing authority, including resolution of any related appeals or litigation processes, based on the technical merits of the position. The tax benefit to be recognized is measured as the largest amount of benefit that is greater than fifty percent likely of being realized upon ultimate settlement. De-recognition of a tax benefit previously recognized could result in the Company recording a tax liability that could negatively impact the Company s net assets. 
 The Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act (the CARES Act was enacted on March 27, 2020 and made significant prospective and retroactive changes to the U.S. federal income tax laws (and certain corresponding state and local conformity measures) including: 1) 5-year net operating loss NOL carrybacks with no taxable income limitation, 2) relaxation of the limitations on interest expense deductions, 3) qualified improvement property eligible for bonus depreciation, 4) acceleration of alternative minimum tax credits and related quick tax refunds, and 5) indirect tax measures, including workplace tax credits and deferral of social security payroll tax. 
 Distributions 
 Distributions to the Company s common stockholders are recorded on the record date. The amount to be paid out as a dividend is determined by the Board. Net capital gains, if any, are generally distributed at least annually, although we may decide to retain such capital gains for reinvestment. 
 The Company has adopted an opt out dividend reinvestment plan DRIP for the Company s common stockholders. As a result, if the Company declares a distribution, then stockholders cash distributions will be automatically reinvested in additional shares of the Company s common stock unless a stockholder specifically opts out of our DRIP. If a stockholder opts out, that stockholder will receive cash distributions. Although distributions paid in the form of additional shares of our common stock will generally be subject to U.S. federal, state, and local taxes in the same manner as cash distributions, stockholders participating in the Company s DRIP will not receive any corresponding cash distributions with which to pay any such applicable taxes. 
 Company Investment Risk, Concentration of Credit Risk and Liquidity Risk 
 The Investment Adviser has broad discretion in making investments for the Company. Investments will generally consist of debt and equity instruments that may be affected by business, financial market, or legal uncertainties. Prices of investments may be volatile, and a variety of factors that are inherently difficult to predict, such as domestic or international economic and political developments, may significantly affect the results of the Company s activities and the value of its investments. In addition, the value of the Company s portfolio may fluctuate as the general level of interest rates fluctuate. 
 The value of the Company s investments may be detrimentally affected to the extent, among other things, that a borrower defaults on its obligations, there is insufficient collateral and/or there are extensive legal and other costs incurred in collecting on a defaulted loan. The value of the Company s investments may also be detrimentally affected to the extent observable primary or secondary market yields for similar instruments issued by comparable companies increase materially or risk premiums in the market between smaller companies, such as our borrowers, and those for which market yields are observable increase materially. 
 The Investment Adviser may attempt to minimize this risk by maintaining low debt-to-liquidation values with each debt investment and the collateral underlying the debt investment. 
 The Company s assets may, at any time, include securities and other financial instruments or obligations that are illiquid or thinly traded, making purchase or sale of such securities and financial instruments at desired prices or in desired quantities difficult. Furthermore, the sale of any such investments may be possible only at substantial discounts, and it may be extremely difficult to value any such investments accurately. 
 Note 3. Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 In June 2022, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued Accounting Standards Update 2022-03, Fair Value Measurement (Topic 820) Fair Value Measurement of Equity Securities Subject to Contractual Sale Restrictions (ASU 2022-03). The accounting standard update clarifies the guidance in Topic 820 when measuring the fair value of an equity security subject to contractual restrictions that prohibit the sale of an equity security and introduces new disclosure requirements for equity securities subject to contractual sale restrictions and measured at fair value in accordance with Topic 820. The amendments are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2023, and interim periods within those fiscal years. The Company has evaluated the impact of adopting this new accounting standard and the impact of the adoption is not material to the consolidated financial statements. 
 Note 4. Investments and Fair Value Measurements 
 The Company s investment objective is to generate both current income and capital appreciation through debt and equity investments. The Company offers customized financing to business owners, management teams, and financial sponsors for change of ownership transactions, recapitalizations, strategic acquisitions, business expansion, and other growth initiatives. The Company invests in first lien loans, and, to a lesser extent, second lien loans and equity securities issued by lower middle-market and traditional middle-market companies. As of December 31, 2022, our portfolio consisted of investments in 59 portfolio companies with a fair value of approximately 203.6 million. 
 Most of the Company s debt investments are structured as first lien loans. First lien loans may contain some minimum amount of principal amortization, excess cash flow sweep feature, prepayment penalties, or any combination of the foregoing. First lien loans are secured by a first priority lien in existing and future assets of the 
 F- 18 
 
 LOGAN RIDGE FINANCE CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 borrower and may take the form of term loans, delayed draw facilities, or revolving credit facilities. Unitranche debt, a form of first lien loan, typically involves issuing one debt security that blends the risk and return profiles of both senior secured and subordinated debt, bifurcating the loan into a first-out tranche and last-out tranche. As of December 31, 2022, 1.9 of the fair value of our first lien loans consisted of last-out loans. As of December 31, 2021, 8.5 of the fair value of our first lien loans consisted of last-out loans. In some cases, first lien loans may be subordinated, solely with respect to the payment of cash interest, to an asset based revolving credit facility. 
 The Company also invests in debt instruments structured as second lien loans. Second lien loans are loans which have a second priority security interest in all or substantially all of the borrower s assets, and in some cases, may be subject to the interruption of cash interest payments upon certain events of default, at the discretion of the first lien lender. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company made approximately 107.7 million of investments and had approximately 94.0 million in repayments and sales, resulting in net deployment of approximately 13.7 million for the year. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company made approximately 89.4 million of investments and had approximately 169.6 million in repayments and sales, resulting in net repayments and sales of approximately 80.2 million for the year. During the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company made approximately 21.1 million of investments and had approximately 75.8 million in repayments and sales, resulting in net repayments and sales of approximately 54.7 million for the year. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company s Adviser approved the fair value of the Company s investment portfolio of approximately 203.6 million in good faith in accordance with the Company s valuation procedures. The Company s Adviser approved the fair value of the Company s investment portfolio as of December 31, 2022 with input from third-party valuation firms and the Investment Adviser, as valuation designee, based on information known or knowable as of the valuation date, including trailing and forward looking data. 
 The composition of our investments as of December 31, 2022, at amortized cost and fair value was as follows (dollars in thousands): 

Investments at Amortized Cost 

Amortized Cost Percentage of Total Portfolio 

Investments at Fair Value 

Fair Value Percentage of Total Portfolio 

First Lien Debt 

143,047 

64.9 

136,896 

67.3 

Second Lien Debt 

8,283 

3.8 

6,464 

3.2 

Subordinated Debt 

26,571 

12.0 

25,851 

12.7 

Collateralized Loan Obligations 

6,185 

2.8 

4,972 

2.4 

Joint Venture 

414 

0.2 

403 

0.2 

Equity 

36,016 

16.3 

29,006 

14.2 

Total 

220,516 

100.0 

203,592 

100.0 

The composition of our investments as of December 31, 2021, at amortized cost and fair value was as follows (dollars in thousands): 

Investments at Amortized Cost 

Amortized Cost Percentage of Total Portfolio 

Investments at Fair Value 

Fair Value Percentage of Total Portfolio 

First Lien Debt 

103,667 

54.4 

98,251 

49.6 

Second Lien Debt 

30,048 

15.8 

30,190 

15.2 

Subordinated Debt 

5,050 

2.6 

5,050 

2.6 

Equity 

51,717 

27.2 

64,698 

32.6 

Total 

190,482 

100.0 

198,189 

100.0 

As noted above, the Company values all investments in accordance with Rule 2a-5 under the 1940 Act and ASC 820. ASC 820 requires enhanced disclosures about assets and liabilities that are measured and reported at fair value. As defined in ASC 820, fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. 
 ASC 820 establishes a hierarchal disclosure framework which prioritizes and ranks the level of market price observability of inputs used in measuring investments at fair value. Market price observability is affected by a number of factors, including the type of investment and the characteristics specific to the investment. Investments with readily available active quoted prices or for which fair value can be measured from actively quoted prices generally will have a higher degree of market price observability and a lesser degree of judgment used in measuring fair value. 
 Based on the observability of the inputs used in the valuation techniques, the Company is required to provide disclosures on fair value measurements according to the fair value hierarchy. The fair value hierarchy ranks the observability of the inputs used to determine fair values. Investments carried at fair value are classified and disclosed in one of the following three categories: 
 Level 1 Valuations based on quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the Company has the ability to access. 

Level 2 Valuations based on inputs other than quoted prices in active markets, which are either directly or indirectly observable. 

Level 3 Valuations based on inputs that are unobservable and significant to the overall fair value measurement. 

In addition to using the above inputs in investment valuations, the Company continues to employ the valuation policy approved by the Board that is consistent with ASC 820 (see Note 2). Consistent with the Company s valuation policy, the Company evaluates the source of inputs, including any markets in which its investments are trading, in determining fair value. 
 In estimating fair value of portfolio investments, the Company starts with the cost basis of the investment, which includes amortized original issue discount and PIK income, if any. The transaction price is typically the best estimate of fair value at inception. When evidence supports a subsequent change to the carrying value from the original transaction price, adjustments are made to reflect the expected fair values. 
 
 F- 19 
 
 LOGAN RIDGE FINANCE CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 The following table presents the fair value measurements of investments, by major class, as of December 31, 2022 (dollars in thousands), according to the fair value hierarchy: 

Fair Value Measurements 

Level 1 

Level 2 

Level 3 

NAV 

Total 

First Lien Debt 

136,896 

136,896 

Second Lien Debt 

6,464 

6,464 

Subordinated Debt 

25,851 

25,851 

Collateralized Loan Obligations 

4,972 

4,972 

Joint Venture 

403 

403 

Equity 

29,006 

29,006 

Total 

203,189 

403 

203,592 

The following table presents the fair value measurements of investments, by major class, as of December 31, 2021 (dollars in thousands), according to the fair value hierarchy: 

Fair Value Measurements 

Level 1 

Level 2 

Level 3 

Total 

First Lien Debt 

98,251 

98,251 

Second Lien Debt 

30,190 

30,190 

Subordinated Debt 

5,050 

5,050 

Equity 

64,698 

64,698 

Total 

198,189 

198,189 

The following table provides a reconciliation of the beginning and ending balances for investments that use Level 3 inputs for the year ended December 31, 2022 (dollars in thousands): 

First Lien Debt 

Second Lien Debt 

Subordinated Debt 

Collateralized Loan Obligations 

Equity 

Total 

Balance as of January 1, 2022 

98,251 

30,190 

5,050 

7,717 

56,981 

198,189 

Repayments/sales 

(41,915) 

(25,297) 

(816) 

(25,903) 

(93,931) 

Purchases 

80,456 

3,086 

21,272 

2,367 

107,181 

Payment-in-kind interest and dividends accrued 

265 

402 

243 

196 

1,106 

Accretion of original issue discount 

476 

44 

6 

969 

1,495 

Net realized gain (loss) on investments 

94 

(2,007) 

15,682 

13,769 

Net unrealized (depreciation) appreciation on investments 

(731) 

(1,961) 

(720) 

(891) 

(20,317) 

(24,620) 

Balance as of December 31, 2022 

136,896 

6,464 

25,851 

4,972 

29,006 

203,189 

The following table provides a reconciliation of the beginning and ending balances for investments that use Level 3 inputs for the year ended December 31, 2021 (dollars in thousands): 

First Lien Debt 

Second Lien Debt 

Subordinated Debt 

Equity 

Total 

Balance as of January 1, 2021 

167,418 

39,209 

67,572 

274,199 

Repayments/sales 

(127,344) 

(20,066) 

(21,484) 

(168,894) 

Purchases 

65,697 

10,935 

5,050 

7,750 

89,432 

Payment-in-kind interest and dividends accrued 

277 

179 

456 

Accretion of original issue discount 

100 

136 

289 

525 

Net realized (loss) gain on investments 

(20,169) 

19 

12,705 

(7,445) 

Net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments 

12,272 

(43) 

(2,313) 

9,916 

Balance as of December 31, 2021 

98,251 

30,190 

5,050 

64,698 

198,189 

The net change in unrealized (depreciation) appreciation on investments held as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, was (4.3) million and 2.0 million, respectively, and is included in net change in unrealized (depreciation) appreciation on investments on the consolidated statements of operations. 
 F- 20 
 
 LOGAN RIDGE FINANCE CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 The valuation techniques and significant unobservable inputs used in recurring Level 3 fair value measurements of assets and (liabilities) as of December 31, 2022 were as follows: 

Fair Value (in millions) 

Valuation Technique 
 
 Unobservable Input 
 
 Range of Input (Weighted Average) (2) 

First lien debt 

7.4 

Market 
 
 Broker/Dealer Quotes 
 
 N/A 

First lien debt 

123.5 

Income 
 
 Required Rate of Return 
 
 6.0 30.0 (12.2 

First lien debt 

6.0 

Enterprise Market Value 
 
 Revenue Multiple 
 
 0.4x 

Second lien debt 

2.6 

Market 
 
 Broker/Dealer Quotes 
 
 N/A 

Second lien debt 

3.4 

Income 
 
 Required Rate of Return 
 
 1.6 18.7 (16.1 

Second lien debt 

0.4 

Enterprise Market Value 
 
 Revenue Multiple 
 
 4.7x 

Subordinated debt 

25.9 

Income 
 
 Required Rate of Return 
 
 5.9 18.9 (10.4 

Collateralized loan obligations 

5.0 

Income 
 
 Discount Margin 
 
 21.5 24.8 (23.6 

Equity 

0.1 

Income 
 
 Stock Price Time to Exit (Years) Volatility 
 
 115.8 2.0 35.0 

Equity 

26.2 

Enterprise Market Value and Asset (1) 
 
 EBITDA Multiple 
 
 3.3x 15.8x (6.4x) 

Equity 

2.7 

Enterprise Market Value 
 
 Revenue Multiple 
 
 0.3x 1.0x (0.9x) 

203.2 

(1) 1.0 million in equity was valued using the asset approach. 

(2) The weighted averages disclosed in the table above were weighted by their relative fair value. 

The valuation techniques and significant unobservable inputs used in recurring Level 3 fair value measurements of assets as of December 31, 2021 were as follows: 

Fair Value (in millions) 

Valuation Technique 
 
 Unobservable Input 
 
 Range (Weighted Average) (2) 

First lien debt 

2.5 

Market 
 
 Broker/Dealer Quote 
 
 N/A 

First lien debt 

88.1 

Income 
 
 Required Rate of Return 
 
 6.2 14.6 (7.4 

First lien debt 

7.6 

Enterprise Market Value and Asset (1) 
 
 Revenue Multiple 
 
 0.3x 

Second lien debt 

29.8 

Income and Asset (1) 
 
 Required Rate of Return 
 
 1.2 11.5 (9.7 

Second lien debt 

0.4 

Enterprise Market Value 
 
 Revenue Multiple 
 
 4.7x 

Subordinated debt 

5.1 

Income 
 
 Required Rate of Return 
 
 5.0 

Equity 

53.2 

Enterprise Market Value and Asset (1) 
 
 EBITDA Multiple 
 
 1.9x 10.0x (6.4x) 

Equity 

3.7 

Enterprise Market Value and Asset (1) 
 
 Revenue Multiple 
 
 0.4x 0.7x (0.4x) 

Equity 

7.7 

Income 
 
 Required Rate of Return 
 
 17.4 20.4 (19.1 

198.2 

(1) 0.6 million in first lien debt, less than 0.1 million in second lien debt, and 0.6 million in equity and warrants were valued using the asset approach. 

(2) The weighted averages disclosed in the table above were weighted by their relative fair value. 

The significant unobservable inputs used in the valuation of the Company s investments are required rate of return, EBITDA multiples, revenue multiples, discount margin, stock price, projected time to exit and volatility. Changes in any of these unobservable inputs could have a significant impact on the Company s estimate of fair value. An increase (decrease) in the required rate of return or discount margin will result in a lower (higher) estimate of fair value, respectively, while an increase (decrease) in adjusted EBITDA or revenue multiples, stock price, projected time to exit (option-pricing model) or volatility will result in a higher (lower) estimate of fair value, respectively. 
 Capitala Senior Loan Fund II, LLC 
 On December 20, 2018, the Company and Trinity Universal Insurance Company Trinity ), a subsidiary of Kemper Corporation, entered into a limited liability company agreement (the LLC Agreement to co-manage CSLF II. The purpose and design of the joint venture was to invest primarily in senior secured first-out loans. The Company and Trinity committed to provide 25.0 million of equity to CSLF II, with the Company providing 20.0 million and Trinity providing 5.0 million. The Company and Trinity each appointed two members to CSLF II s four-person board of directors and investment committee. All material decisions with respect to CSLF II, including those involving its investment portfolio, required approval of a member on the board of directors and investment committee of at least one member representing the Company and Trinity, respectively. 
 In May 2020, the Company and Trinity elected to wind-down operations of CSLF II. On June 1, 2020, CSLF II sold its existing assets with the Company and Trinity each purchasing approximately 50 of CSLF II s debt investments at their par value. On June 12, 2020, CSLF II declared final distributions and returned all remaining capital of 13.1 million and 3.3 million to the Company and Trinity, respectively. The Company s equity investment in CSLF II was not redeemable. On June 12, 2020, the capital commitments for the Company and Trinity were terminated. 
 On September 3, 2019, CSLF II entered into a senior secured revolving credit facility (the CSLF II Credit Facility with KeyBank Specialty Finance Lending, an affiliate of KeyCorp. The CSLF II Credit Facility provided for borrowings up to 60.0 million, subject to certain borrowing base restrictions. Borrowings under the CSLF II Credit Facility bore interest at a rate of one-month LIBOR + 2.25 . Prior to the termination of the CSLF II Credit Facility, CSLF II incurred unused fees of 0.35 when utilization of the CSLF II Credit Facility exceeded 50 and 0.65 when utilization of the CSLF II Credit Facility was less than 50 . On June 5, 2020, CSLF II terminated the CSLF II Credit Facility and repaid all amounts outstanding. 
 On September 3, 2019, the Company and Trinity committed to provide 25.0 million of subordinated debt (the Subordinated Notes to CSLF II, with the Company providing 5.0 million and Trinity providing 20.0 million. The Subordinated Notes were scheduled to mature on September 3, 2024, however, the Subordinated Notes were terminated on June 12, 2020. 
 
 Below are the statements of operations for CSLF II (dollars in thousands) for the year ended December 31, 2020: 
 
 F- 21 
 
 LOGAN RIDGE FINANCE CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022 

For the year ended December 31, 

INVESTMENT INCOME 

2020 

Interest income 

650 

Fee income 

5 

Total investment income 

655 

EXPENSES 

Interest and financing expenses 

1,135 

General and administrative expenses 

164 

Total expenses 

1,299 

NET INVESTMENT LOSS 

(644) 

NET DECREASE IN NET ASSETS RESULTING FROM OPERATIONS 

(644) 

Great Lakes Funding II LLC 
 In August 2022, the Company invested in Great Lakes Funding II LLC - Series A (the Great Lakes II Joint Venture ), a joint venture with an investment strategy to underwrite and hold senior, secured unitranche loans made to middle-market companies. The Company treats its investment in the Great Lakes II Joint Venture as a joint venture since an affiliate of the Adviser controls a 50 voting interest in the Great Lakes II Joint Venture. 
 The Great Lakes II Joint Venture is a Delaware series limited liability company, and pursuant to the terms of the Great Lakes Funding II LLC Limited Liability Company Agreement (the Great Lakes II LLC Agreement ), prior to the end of the investment period with respect to each series established under the Great Lakes II LLC Agreement, each member of the predecessor series would be offered the opportunity to roll its interests into any subsequent series of the Great Lakes II Joint Venture. The Company does not pay any advisory fees in connection with its investment in the Great Lakes II Joint Venture. Certain other funds managed by the Adviser or its affiliates have also invested in the Great Lakes II Joint Venture. 
 The fair value of the Company s investment in the Great Lakes II Joint Venture at December 31, 2022 was 0.4 million. Fair value has been determined utilizing the net asset value as a practical expedient pursuant to US GAAP. Pursuant to the terms of the Great Lakes II LLC Agreement, the Company generally may not effect any direct or indirect sale, transfer, assignment, hypothecation, pledge or other disposition of or encumbrance upon its interests in the Great Lakes II Joint Venture, except that the Company may sell or otherwise transfer its interests with the consent of the managing members of the Great Lakes II Joint Venture or to an affiliate or a successor to substantially all of the assets of the Company. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company has a 0.1 million unfunded commitment to the Great Lakes II Joint Venture. 
 F- 22 
 
 LOGAN RIDGE FINANCE CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 Note 5. Transactions With Affiliated Companies 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company had investments in portfolio companies designated as affiliates under the 1940 Act. Transactions with affiliates were as follows (dollars in thousands): 

Company (4) 
 
 Type of Investment 
 Principal Amount 

Amount of Interest, Fees or Dividends Credited to Income (1) 

December 31, 2021 Fair Value 

Gross Additions (2) 

Gross Reductions (3) 

Realized Gain/(Loss) 

Unrealized Appreciation (Depreciation) 

December 31, 2022 Fair Value 

Affiliate investments (6) 

Burgaflex Holdings, LLC 
 
 Common Stock Class B (1,085,073 shares) 

1,528 

662 

2,190 

Burgaflex Holdings, LLC 
 
 Common Stock Class A (1,253,198 shares) 

1,193 

1,609 

2,802 

2,721 

2,271 

4,992 

GA Communications, Inc. 
 
 Series A-1 Preferred Stock (1,998 shares) 

4,394 

(832) 

3,562 

GA Communications, Inc. 
 
 Series B-1 Common Stock (200,000 shares) 

185 

(185) 

4,579 

(1,017) 

3,562 

Great Lakes Funding II LLC 
 
 Series A 

14 

517 

(103) 

(11) 

403 

14 

517 

(103) 

(11) 

403 

GreenPark Infrastructure, LLC 
 
 Series A (400 Units) 

200 

200 

GreenPark Infrastructure, LLC 
 
 Series M-1 (200 Units) 

69 

69 

269 

269 

LJS Partners, LLC 
 
 Preferred Units (202,336 units) 

843 

(979) 

542 

(406) 

LJS Partners, LLC 
 
 Common Membership Units (2,593,234 units) 

7,164 

(2,354) 

1,130 

(5,940) 

8,007 

(3,333) 

1,672 

(6,346) 

MMI Holdings, LLC 
 
 First Lien Debt (12.0 Cash, Due 4/1/22) 
 
 2,600 

308 

2,600 

2,600 

MMI Holdings, LLC 
 
 Second Lien Debt (6.0 Cash, Due 4/1/22) 
 
 400 

24 

400 

400 

MMI Holdings, LLC (5) 
 
 Preferred Units (1,000 units, 8.0 PIK Dividend) 

118 

1,898 

118 

(656) 

1,360 

MMI Holdings, LLC 
 
 Common Membership Units (45 units) 

63 

(63) 

450 

4,961 

118 

(719) 

4,360 

Nth Degree Investment Group, LLC 
 
 Membership Units (6,088,000 units) 

5,320 

5,320 

5,320 

5,320 

RAM Payment, LLC 
 
 First Lien Debt (6.5 Cash (1 month LIBOR + 5.0 ), 1.5 Floor), Due 1/4/24) 
 
 939 

82 

998 

(59) 

939 

RAM Payment, LLC 
 
 First Lien Debt (12.45 Cash, Due 1/4/24) 
 
 2,547 

291 

2,706 

(159) 

2,547 

RAM Payment, LLC (5) 
 
 Preferred Units (86,000 units, 6.0 PIK Dividend) 

69 

3,726 

69 

(630) 

3,165 

442 

7,430 

69 

(218) 

(630) 

6,651 

Sierra Hamilton Holdings Corporation 
 
 Second Lien Debt (15.0 PIK, Due 9/12/23) 
 
 3 

1 

3 

1 

4 

Sierra Hamilton Holdings Corporation 
 
 Common Stock (15,068,000 shares) 

330 

(76) 

254 

1 

333 

1 

(76) 

258 

V12 Holdings, Inc. 
 
 Second Lien Debt 
 
 509 

509 

509 

509 

509 

Total Affiliate investments 

907 

28,540 

974 

(3,654) 

1,672 

(1,208) 

26,324 

Control investments 

Vology, Inc. 
 
 First Lien Debt (10.5 Cash (1 month LIBOR + 8.5 , 2.0 Floor), Due 3/31/22) 

228 

3,635 

(3,635) 

Vology, Inc. 
 
 Class A Preferred Units (9,041,810 Units) 

3,204 

(5,215) 

2,011 

Vology, Inc. 
 
 Membership Units (5,363,982 Units) 

Total Control investments 

228 

6,839 

(3,635) 

(5,215) 

2,011 

(1) Represents the total amount of interest, original issue discount, fees and dividends credited to income for the portion of the year an investment was included in Affiliate or Control categories, respectively. 

(2) Gross additions include increases in the cost basis of investments resulting from new portfolio investments, follow-on investments, accrued PIK and accretion of original issue discount. Gross additions also include transfers into Affiliate or Control classification. 

(3) Gross reductions include decreases in the cost basis of investments resulting from principal repayments and sales. Gross reductions also include transfers out of Affiliate or Control classification. 

(4) All debt investments are income producing. Equity and warrant investments are non-income producing, unless otherwise noted. 

(5) The equity investment is income producing, based on rate disclosed. 

(6) During the second quarter of 2022, Eastport Holdings, LLC completed a refinancing and recapitalization transaction. Logan Ridge received 16.5 million in cash and 19.3 million in principal of a new debt security in exchange for all of its previous debt and equity securities, which resulted in a realized gain of approximately 16.0 million on the Company's equity interest. As a result of this transaction, Eastport Holdings, LLC is no longer an affiliate of the Company. 

F- 23 
 
 LOGAN RIDGE FINANCE CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company had investments in portfolio companies designated as affiliates under the 1940 Act. Transactions with affiliates were as follows (dollars in thousands): 

Company (4) 
 
 Type of Investment 
 
 Principal Amount 

Amount of Interest, Fees or Dividends Credited to Income (1) 

December 31, 2020 Fair Value 

Gross Additions (2) 

Gross Reductions (3) 

Realized Gain/(Loss) 

Unrealized Appreciation (Depreciation) 

December 31, 2021 Fair Value 

Affiliate investments 

Burgaflex Holdings, LLC 
 
 First Lien Debt (12.0 Cash, 3.0 PIK, Due 3/23/21) 

152 

13,597 

(13,597) 

Burgaflex Holdings, LLC 
 
 Common Stock Class B (1,085,073 shares) 

1,338 

190 

1,528 

Burgaflex Holdings, LLC 
 
 Common Stock Class A (1,253,198 shares) 

1,193 

1,193 

152 

14,935 

(13,597) 

1,383 

2,721 

City Gear, LLC 
 
 Membership Unit Warrants 

2,011 

(2,215) 

2,215 

(2,011) 

2,011 

(2,215) 

2,215 

(2,011) 

Eastport Holdings, LLC 
 
 Second Lien Debt (13.5 Cash (3 month LIBOR + 13.0 , 0.5 Floor), Due 4/30/22) 

16,500 

2,402 

16,500 

123 

(123) 

16,500 

Eastport Holdings, LLC 
 
 Membership Units (22.9 ownership) 

20,294 

(3,975) 

16,319 

2,402 

36,794 

123 

(4,098) 

32,819 

GA Communications, Inc. 
 
 Series A-1 Preferred Stock (1,998 shares) 

4,066 

328 

4,394 

GA Communications, Inc. 
 
 Series B-1 Common Stock (200,000 shares) 

146 

39 

185 

4,212 

367 

4,579 

LJS Partners, LLC 
 
 Preferred Units (202,336 units) 

756 

87 

843 

LJS Partners, LLC 
 
 Common Membership Units (2,593,234 units) 

24 

3,951 

3,213 

7,164 

24 

4,707 

3,300 

8,007 

MMI Holdings, LLC 
 
 First Lien Debt (12.0 Cash, Due 1/31/22) 

2,600 

316 

2,600 

2,600 

MMI Holdings, LLC 
 
 Second Lien Debt (6.0 Cash, Due 1/31/22) 

400 

24 

400 

400 

MMI Holdings, LLC (5) 
 
 Preferred Units (1,000 units, 6.0 PIK Dividend) 

110 

1,815 

110 

(27) 

1,898 

MMI Holdings, LLC 
 
 Common Membership Units (45 units) 

204 

(141) 

63 

450 

5,019 

110 

(168) 

4,961 

Navis Holdings, Inc. 
 
 First Lien Debt (9.0 Cash, 2.0 PIK, Due 6/30/23) 

993 

10,882 

181 

(11,212) 

149 

Navis Holdings, Inc. 
 
 Class A Preferred Stock (1,000 shares) 

100 

986 

(1,000) 

14 

Navis Holdings, Inc. 
 
 Common Stock (60,000 shares) 

(260) 

260 

1,093 

11,868 

181 

(12,472) 

260 

163 

Nth Degree Investment Group, LLC 
 
 Membership Units (6,088,000 Units) 

RAM Payment, LLC 
 
 First Lien Debt (6.5 Cash (1 month LIBOR + 5.0 ), 1.5 Floor), Due 1/4/24) 

983 

126 

2,451 

(1,455) 

2 

998 

RAM Payment, LLC 
 
 First Lien Debt (9.8 Cash, Due 1/4/24) 

2,666 

517 

6,646 

(3,939) 

(1) 

2,706 

RAM Payment, LLC (5) 
 
 Preferred Units (86,000 units, 8.0 PIK Dividend) 

124 

2,874 

69 

783 

3,726 

767 

11,971 

69 

(5,394) 

784 

7,430 

Sierra Hamilton Holdings Corporation 
 
 Second Lien Debt (15.0 , Due 9/12/23) 

3 

108 

441 

12 

(450) 

3 

Sierra Hamilton Holdings Corporation 
 
 Common Stock (15,068,000 shares) 

977 

(647) 

330 

108 

1,418 

12 

(450) 

(647) 

333 

V12 Holdings, Inc. 
 
 Second Lien Debt 

509 

490 

19 

509 

490 

19 

509 

Total Affiliate investments 

4,996 

93,425 

495 

(34,128) 

2,475 

(908) 

61,359 

Control investments 

Vology, Inc. 
 
 First Lien Debt (10.5 Cash (1 month LIBOR + 8.5 , 2.0 Floor), Due 3/31/22) 

3,586 

389 

3,732 

(97) 

3,635 

Vology, Inc. 
 
 Class A Preferred Units (9,041,810 Units) 

4,687 

(1,483) 

3,204 

Vology, Inc. 
 
 Membership Units (5,363,982 Units) 

Total Control investments 

389 

8,419 

(97) 

(1,483) 

6,839 

(1) Represents the total amount of interest, original issue discount, fees and dividends credited to income for the portion of the year an investment was included in Affiliate or Control categories, respectively. 

(2) Gross additions include increases in the cost basis of investments resulting from new portfolio investments, follow-on investments, accrued PIK and accretion of original issue discount. Gross additions also include transfers into Affiliate or Control classification. 

(3) Gross reductions include decreases in the cost basis of investments resulting from principal repayments and sales. Gross reductions also include transfers out of Affiliate or Control classification. 

(4) All debt investments are income producing. Equity and warrant investments are non-income producing, unless otherwise noted. 

(5) The equity investment is income producing, based on rate disclosed. 

Note 6. Agreements and Related Party Transactions 
 Investment Advisory Agreement 
 On July 1, 2021, the Company entered into an investment advisory agreement (the Investment Advisory Agreement with the Investment Adviser, which was approved by the Company s stockholders on May 27, 2021. Unless earlier terminated in accordance with its terms, the Investment Advisory Agreement will remain in effect until July 1, 2023, a period of two years from the date it first became effective and will remain in effect from year-to-year thereafter if approved annually by the Board or by a majority of our outstanding voting securities, including, in either case, by a majority of our directors who are not interested persons as such term is defined in Section 2(a)(19) of the 1940 Act Independent Directors ). Subject to the overall supervision of the Board, the Investment Adviser manages our day-to-day operations and provides investment advisory and management services to us. Under the terms of the Investment Advisory Agreement, the Investment Adviser: 
 determines the composition of our portfolio, the nature and timing of the changes to our portfolio, and the manner of implementing such changes; 

identifies, evaluates, and negotiates the structure of the investments we make (including performing due diligence on our prospective portfolio companies); 

closes and monitors the investments we make; and 

provides us with other investment advisory, research, and related services as we may from time to time require. 

F- 24 
 
 LOGAN RIDGE FINANCE CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 The Investment Adviser s services under the Investment Advisory Agreement are not exclusive, and it is free to furnish similar services to other entities so long as its services to us are not impaired. 
 The Investment Advisory Agreement provides that, absent willful misfeasance, bad faith, or negligence in the performance of its duties or by reason of the reckless disregard of its duties and obligations, the Investment Adviser and its officers, managers, partners, agents, employees, controlling persons, members, and any other person or entity affiliated with it are entitled to indemnification from the Company for any damages, liabilities, costs, and expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees and amounts reasonably paid in settlement) arising from the rendering of our Investment Adviser s services under the Investment Advisory Agreement or otherwise as Investment Adviser for the Company. 
 Pursuant to the Investment Advisory Agreement, the Company has agreed to pay the Investment Adviser a fee for investment advisory and management services consisting of two components a base management fee and an incentive fee. 
 The base management fee is calculated at an annual rate of 1.75 of the gross assets, which are the total assets reflected on the consolidated statements of assets and liabilities and includes any borrowings for investment purposes. Although the Company does not anticipate making significant investments in derivative financial instruments, the fair value of any such investments, which will not necessarily equal their notional value, will be included in the calculation of gross assets. For services rendered under the Investment Advisory Agreement, the base management fee is payable quarterly in arrears. The base management fee is calculated based on the average value of the gross assets at the end of the two most recently completed calendar quarters, and appropriately adjusted for any share issuances or repurchases during the current calendar quarter. 
 The incentive fee consists of the following two parts: 
 The first part of the incentive fee is calculated and payable quarterly in arrears based on the pre-incentive fee net investment income for the immediately preceding calendar quarter. For this purpose, pre-incentive fee net investment income means interest income, dividend income, and any other income (including any other fees (other than fees for providing managerial assistance), such as commitment, origination, diligence, and consulting fees or other fees that we receive from portfolio companies) accrued during the calendar quarter, minus our operating expenses for the quarter (including the base management fee, expenses payable under the Administration Agreement to our Administrator, and any interest expense and dividends paid on any issued and outstanding preferred stock, but excluding the incentive fee). Pre-incentive fee net investment income includes, in the case of investments with a deferred interest feature (such as original issue discount, debt instruments with PIK interest and zero coupon securities), accrued income that we have not yet received in cash. Pre-incentive fee net investment income does not include any realized capital gains, computed net of all realized capital losses or unrealized capital appreciation or depreciation. Pre-incentive fee net investment income, expressed as a rate of return on the value of our net assets at the end of the immediately preceding calendar quarter, is compared to a hurdle of 2.0 per quarter (8.0 annualized). The Company pays the Investment Adviser an incentive fee with respect to the pre-incentive fee net investment income in each calendar quarter as follows: 
 no incentive fee in any calendar quarter in which the pre-incentive fee net investment income does not exceed the hurdle of 2.0 ; 

100 of the pre-incentive fee net investment income with respect to that portion of such pre-incentive fee net investment income, if any, that exceeds the hurdle but is less than 2.5 in any calendar quarter (10.0 annualized). The Company refers to this portion of the pre-incentive fee net investment income (which exceeds the hurdle but is less than 2.5 as the catch-up. The catch-up is meant to provide the Investment Adviser with 20 of the pre-incentive fee net investment income as if a hurdle did not apply if this net investment income exceeds 2.5 in any calendar quarter; and 

20 of the amount of the pre-incentive fee net investment income, if any, that exceeds 2.5 in any calendar quarter (10.0 annualized) is payable to the Investment Adviser (once the hurdle is reached and the catch-up is achieved, 20 of all pre-incentive fee investment income thereafter is allocated to the Investment Adviser). 

The second part of the incentive fee is determined and payable in arrears as of the end of each calendar year, commencing on December 31, 2021, and equals 20.0 of the Company s realized capital gains, if any, on a cumulative basis with respect to each of the investments in the Company s portfolio from the fiscal quarter ending on or immediately prior to July 1, 2021 through the end of each calendar year, beginning with the calendar year ending December 31, 2021, computed net of all realized capital losses and unrealized capital depreciation on a cumulative basis from September 30, 2021 through the end of each calendar year, beginning with the calendar year ending December 31, 2021, less the aggregate amount of any previously paid capital gain fees under the Investment Advisory Agreement. Any realized capital gains, realized capital losses and unrealized capital depreciation with respect to the Company s portfolio as of the end of the fiscal quarter ending on or immediately prior to July 1, 2021 are excluded from the calculations of the capital gains fee. In the event that the Investment Advisory Agreement terminates as of a date that is not a calendar year end, the termination date will treated as though it were a calendar year end for purposes of calculating and paying a capital gains fee. 
 The Company will defer cash payment of the portion of any incentive fee otherwise earned by the Investment Adviser that would, when taken together with all other incentive fees paid to the Investment Adviser during the most recent 12 full calendar month period ending on or prior to the date such payment is to be made, exceed 20 of the sum of (a) the pre-incentive fee net investment income during such period, (b) the net unrealized appreciation or depreciation during such period and (c) the net realized capital gains or losses during such period. Any deferred incentive fees will be carried over for payment in subsequent calculation periods to the extent such payment is payable under the Investment Advisory Agreement. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company did not have incentive fees payable to the Investment Adviser related to fees earned in prior years but deferred under the incentive fee deferral mechanism. 
 As part of the Transaction, the Investment Adviser entered into a two-year contractual fee waiver (the Fee Waiver with the Company to waive, to the extent necessary, any capital gains fee under the Investment Advisory Agreement that exceeds what would have been paid to Capitala in the aggregate over such two-year period under the prior advisory agreement. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company incurred 3.9 million, 4.8 million and 6.4 million in base management fees, respectively, under the Investment Advisory Agreement and the Prior Investment Advisory Agreement. The Company did not incur incentive fees related to pre-incentive fee net investment income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, our Investment Adviser did not waive any incentive fees as none were incurred. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had 0.9 million and 1.1 million, respectively, of management and incentive fees payable to the Adviser. These amounts are reflected in the accompanying consolidated statements of assets and liabilities under the caption Management and incentive fees payable. 
 
 Administration Agreement 
 On July 1, 2021, the Company entered into the Administration Agreement, pursuant to which the Administrator has agreed to furnish the Company with office facilities, equipment and clerical, bookkeeping, and record keeping services at such facilities. The Administrator also performs or oversees the performance of the required 
 F- 25 
 
 LOGAN RIDGE FINANCE CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 administrative services, which include, among other things, being responsible for the financial records that the Company is required to maintain and preparing reports to our stockholders. In addition, the Administrator assists in determining and publishing the net asset value, oversees the preparation and filing of the tax returns and the printing and dissemination of reports to the stockholders, and generally oversees the payment of the expenses and the performance of administrative and professional services rendered to the Company by others. 
 Payments under the Administration Agreement are equal to an amount based upon the allocable portion of the Administrator s overhead in performing its obligations under the Administration Agreement, including rent, the fees and expenses associated with performing compliance functions, and the allocable portion of the compensation of the chief financial officer, the chief compliance officer, and their respective administrative support staff. Under the Administration Agreement, the Administrator will also provide, on the Company s behalf, managerial assistance to those portfolio companies that request such assistance. Unless terminated earlier in accordance with its terms, the Administration Agreement will remain in effect until July 1, 2023, a period of two years from the date it first became effective and will remain in effect from year-to-year thereafter if approved annually by the Board. To the extent that the Administrator outsources any of its functions, the Company will pay the fees associated with such functions on a direct basis without any incremental profit to our Administrator. Stockholder approval is not required to amend the Administration Agreement. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company accrued 0.6 million, 1.0 million, and 1.4 million, respectively, for the Company s allocable portion of the Administrator s overhead. 
 The Administration Agreement provides that, absent willful misfeasance, bad faith, or negligence in the performance of its duties or by reason of the reckless disregard of its duties and obligations, our Administrator and its officers, managers, partners, agents, employees, controlling persons, members, and any other person or entity affiliated with it are entitled to indemnification from the Company for any damages, liabilities, costs, and expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees and amounts reasonably paid in settlement) arising from the rendering of our Administrator s services under the Administration Agreement or otherwise as Administrator for the Company. 
 On June 1, 2020, the Company purchased approximately 50 of the outstanding loans in CSLF II at par as part of the wind-down of the joint venture. The Company paid 8.3 million for the loans and assumed a 3.0 million unfunded commitment related to Rapid Fire Protection, Inc. s revolving credit facility. On June 12, 2020, the Company wound down CSLF II. See Note 4 for details. 
 
 Co-investment Exemptive Relief 
 As a BDC, the Company is subject to certain regulatory restrictions in making its investments. For example, BDCs generally are not permitted to co-invest with certain affiliated entities in transactions originated by the BDC or its affiliates in the absence of an exemptive order from the SEC. However, BDCs are permitted to, and may, simultaneously co-invest in transactions where price is the only negotiated term. On October 23, 2018, the SEC issued an order granting an application for exemptive relief to an affiliate of our Adviser that allows BDCs managed by the Adviser, including Logan Ridge, to co-invest, subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions, in certain private placement transactions, with other funds managed by the Adviser or its affiliates and any future funds that are advised by the Adviser or its affiliated investment advisers. 
 Under the terms of the exemptive order, in order for the Company to participate in a co-investment transaction a required majority (as defined in Section 57(o) of the 1940 Act) of the Company s independent directors must conclude that (i) the terms of the proposed transaction, including the consideration to be paid, are reasonable and fair to the Company and its stockholders and do not involve overreaching with respect of the Company or its stockholders on the part of any person concerned, and (ii) the proposed transaction is consistent with the interests of the Company s stockholders and is consistent with the Company s investment objectives and strategies and certain criteria established by the Board. 
 
 Trade with Affiliated Funds 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company sold 7.9 million in total investments to an affiliated fund in accordance with, and pursuant to procedures adopted under, Rule 17a-7 of the 1940 Act. Realized losses on those sales for the same period amounted to less than 0.1 million. There were no transactions subject to Rule 17a-7 under the 1940 Act during year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 Potential Conflicts of Interest 
 The members of the senior management and investment teams of the Adviser serve or may serve as officers, directors or principals of entities that operate in the same or a related line of business as the Company does, or of investment vehicles managed by the same personnel. In serving in these multiple and other capacities, they may have obligations to other clients or investors in those entities, the fulfillment of which may or may not be in the Company s best interests or in the best interest of the Company s stockholders. The Company s investment objectives may overlap with the investment objectives of such investment funds, accounts or other investment vehicles. 
 Note 7. Borrowings 
 SBA-guaranteed debentures 
 The Company, through its wholly owned subsidiary Fund III, historically used debenture leverage provided through the SBA to finance a portion of its investment portfolio. As of December 31, 2020, the Company had 91.0 million of SBA-guaranteed debentures outstanding. On June 10, 2021, Fund III repaid all of its remaining SBA-guaranteed debentures. As of December 31, 2020, Fund III had total assets of 186.0 million collateralizing its SBA-guaranteed debentures. On June 10, 2014, the Company received an exemptive order from the SEC exempting the Company, Fund II, and Fund III from certain provisions of the 1940 Act (including an exemptive order granting relief from the asset coverage requirements for certain indebtedness issued by Fund II and Fund III as SBICs) and from certain reporting requirements mandated by the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, with respect to Fund II and Fund III. 
 On March 1, 2019, Fund II repaid its outstanding SBA-guaranteed debentures and relinquished its SBIC license. On June 10, 2021, Fund III repaid its SBA-guaranteed debentures and relinquished its SBIC license. As a result of the payoff, the Company recorded an extinguishment loss of 0.8 million during the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 F- 26 
 
 LOGAN RIDGE FINANCE CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were no SBA-guaranteed debentures outstanding. The following table summarizes the historical interest expense and annual charges, deferred financing costs, average outstanding balance, and average stated interest and annual charge rate on the SBA-guaranteed debentures for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 (dollars in thousands): 

For the Years Ended December 31, 

2021 

2020 

Interest expense and annual charges 

1,066 

4,546 

Deferred financing costs 

188 

521 

Total interest and financing expenses 

1,254 

5,067 

Average outstanding balance 

33,773 

130,333 

Average stated interest and annual charge rate 

3.14 

3.44 

2022 Notes 
 On May 16, 2017, the Company issued 70.0 million in aggregate principal amount of 6.0 fixed-rate notes due May 31, 2022 (the 2022 Notes ). On May 25, 2017, the Company issued an additional 5.0 million in aggregate principal amount of the 2022 Notes pursuant to a partial exercise of the underwriters overallotment option. On November 1, 2021, the Company notified the Trustee for the Company s 2022 Notes, of the Company s election to redeem the 50.0 million aggregate principal amount of the 2022 Notes outstanding. The redemption was completed on December 6, 2021. On May 31, 2022, the remaining 2022 Notes reached maturity, and the entire outstanding principal of the 2022 Notes became payable and was paid by the Company. Accordingly, as of December 31, 2022, there were no 2022 Notes outstanding. As of December 31, 2021, the Company had 22.8 million in aggregate principal amount of 2022 Notes outstanding. 
 The 2022 Notes were scheduled to mature on May 31, 2022 and could be redeemed in whole or in part at any time or from time to time at the Company s option on or after May 31, 2019 at a redemption price equal to 100 of the outstanding principal, plus accrued and unpaid interest. Interest on the 2022 Notes was payable quarterly. The 2022 Notes were listed on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the trading symbol CPTAL with a par value of 25.00 per share. 
 The following table summarizes the interest expense, deferred financing costs, average outstanding balance, and average stated interest rate on the 2022 Notes for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 (dollars in thousands): 

For the Years Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Interest expense 

609 

4,119 

4,449 

Deferred financing costs 

45 

590 

569 

Total interest and financing expenses 

654 

4,709 

5,018 

Average outstanding balance 

9,384 

69,272 

74,253 

Average stated interest rate 

6.00 

6.00 

6.00 

2022 Convertible Notes 
 On May 26, 2017, the Company issued 50.0 million in aggregate principal amount of 5.75 fixed-rate convertible notes due May 31, 2022 (the 2022 Convertible Notes ). On June 26, 2017, the Company issued an additional 2.1 million in aggregate principal amount of the 2022 Convertible Notes pursuant to a partial exercise of the underwriters overallotment option. On May 31, 2022, the 2022 Convertible Notes reached maturity, and the entire outstanding principal of the 2022 Convertible Notes became payable and was paid by the Company. Accordingly, as of December 31, 2022, there were no 2022 Convertible Notes outstanding. As of December 31, 2021, the Company had 52.1 million in aggregate principal amount of 2022 Convertible Notes outstanding. 
 The 2022 Convertible Notes were convertible, at the holder s option, into shares of the Company s common stock at any time on or prior to the close of business on the business day immediately preceding the maturity date. The conversion rate for the 2022 Convertible Notes was initially 1.5913 shares per 25.00 principal amount of 2022 Convertible Notes (equivalent to an initial conversion price of approximately 15.71 per share of common stock). The initial conversion premium was approximately 14.0 . As a result of the reverse stock split, the conversion rate for the 2022 Convertible Notes was 0.2652 shares per 25.00 principal amount of 2022 Convertible Notes (equivalent to a conversion price of approximately 94.26) effective August 21, 2020. Upon conversion, the Company was obligated to deliver shares of its common stock (and cash in lieu of fractional shares). The conversion rate was subject to adjustment if certain events occur as outlined in the supplemental indenture relating to the 2022 Convertible Notes. The Company determined that the embedded conversion option in the 2022 Convertible Notes was not required to be separately accounted for as a derivative under U.S. GAAP. 
 In addition, pursuant to a fundamental change , as defined in the supplemental indenture relating to the 2022 Convertible Notes, holders of the 2022 Convertible Notes could require the Company to repurchase for cash all or part of their 2022 Convertible Notes at a repurchase price equal to 100.0 of the principal amount of the 2022 Convertible Notes to be repurchased, plus accrued and unpaid interest through, but excluding, the repurchase date. The 2022 Convertible Notes were not redeemable prior to maturity and no sinking fund is provided for the 2022 Convertible Notes. 
 The following table summarizes the interest expense, deferred financing costs, average outstanding balance, and average stated interest rate on the 2022 Convertible Notes for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 (dollars in thousands): 

For the Years Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Interest expense 

1,239 

2,997 

2,995 

Deferred financing costs 

168 

385 

364 

Total interest and financing expenses 

1,407 

3,382 

3,359 

Average outstanding balance 

21,406 

52,088 

52,088 

Average stated interest rate 

5.75 

5.75 

5.75 

F- 27 
 
 LOGAN RIDGE FINANCE CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 2026 Notes 
 On October 29, 2021, the Company issued 50.0 million in aggregate principal amount of 5.25 fixed-rate notes due October 30, 2026 (the 2026 Notes at 98.00 pursuant to a supplemental indenture with U.S. Bank National Association (the Trustee ), which supplements that certain base indenture, dated as of June 16, 2014. The 2026 Notes were issued in a private placement exempt from registration under the Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). The net proceeds to the Company were approximately 48.8 million, after deducting estimated offering expenses. The Notes will mature on October 30, 2026 and may be redeemed in whole or in part at the Company s option at any time or from time to time at the redemption prices set forth in the Indenture. The Notes bear interest at a rate of 5.25 per year payable semi-annually on April 30 and October 30 of each year, commencing on April 30, 2022. The Notes are general unsecured obligations of the Company that rank senior in right of payment to all of the Company s existing and future indebtedness that is expressly subordinated in right of payment to the Notes, rank pari passu with all existing and future unsecured unsubordinated indebtedness issued by the Company, rank effectively junior to any of the Company s secured indebtedness (including unsecured indebtedness that the Company later secures) to the extent of the value of the assets securing such indebtedness, and rank structurally junior to all existing and future indebtedness (including trade payables) incurred by the Company s subsidiaries, financing vehicles or similar facilities. 
 In connection with the offering, the Company entered into a Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of October 29, 2021 (the Registration Rights Agreement ), with the purchasers of the 2026 Notes. Pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement, the Company is obligated to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission a registration statement relating to an offer to exchange the 2026 Notes for new notes issued by the Company that are registered under the Securities Act and otherwise have terms substantially identical to those of the 2026 Notes, and to use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause such registration statement to be declared effective. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had 50.0 million and 50.0 million in 2026 Notes outstanding. 
 The following table summarizes the interest expense, deferred financing costs, average outstanding balance, and average stated interest rate on the 2026 Notes for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (dollars in thousands): 

For the Years Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Interest expense 

2,810 

487 

Deferred financing costs 

161 

20 

Total interest and financing expenses 

2,971 

507 

Average outstanding balance 

50,000 

8,767 

Average stated interest rate 

5.25 

5.25 

2032 Convertible Notes 
 On April 1, 2022, the Company issued 15.0 million in aggregate principal amount of 5.25 fixed-rate convertible notes due April 1, 2032 (the 2032 Convertible Notes ). 
 The 2032 Convertible Notes are convertible, at the holder s option and at any time on or prior to the close of business on the business day immediately preceding the maturity date, into such number of shares of the Company s common stock as is equal to the principal balance of the notes being converted on such date divided by the Conversion Price, as described below. The Company will not issue more than 539,503 shares of common stock in the aggregate under the purchase agreement governing the 2032 Convertible Notes (the Purchase Agreement ); however, such number of shares may be adjusted from time to time to give effect to any forward or reverse stock splits with respect to the common stock as well as any further adjustments described in the purchase agreement. The Conversion Price will be equal to the average Closing Sale Price for the five Trading Days immediately prior to the relevant Conversion Date, as those terms are defined in the Purchase Agreement, subject to certain anti-dilutive provisions, as further described in the Purchase Agreement. No holder of a 2032 Convertible Note will be entitled to convert any such note or portion thereof if such conversion would result in more than 7,500,000 in principal amount of 2032 Convertible Notes being converted in any such calendar quarter. The Company has determined that the embedded conversion option in the 2032 Convertible Notes is not required to be separately accounted for as a derivative under U.S. GAAP. 
 The Company obtained an Investment Grade rating from a Nationally Recognized Statistical Rating Organization NRSRO with respect to the 2032 Convertible Notes. The 2032 Convertible Notes have a fixed interest rate of 5.25 per annum payable semi-annually on March 31 and September 30 of each year, commencing on September 30, 2022, subject to a step up of 0.75 per annum to the extent that the 2032 Convertible Notes are downgraded below Investment Grade by an NRSRO or the 2032 Convertible Notes no longer maintain a rating from an NRSRO. The Company will also be required to pay an additional interest rate of 2.0 per annum (x) on any overdue payment of interest and (y) during the continuance of an Event of Default. The Company intends to use the net proceeds from the offering of the 2032 Convertible Notes for general corporate purposes, which may include repaying outstanding indebtedness, making opportunistic investments and paying corporate expenses. In addition, on the occurrence of a Change in Control Repurchase Event or Delisting Event, as defined in the Purchase Agreement, the Company will generally be required to make an offer to purchase the outstanding 2032 Convertible Notes at a price equal to 100 of the principal amount of such 2032 Convertible Notes plus accrued and unpaid interest to the repurchase date. The 2032 Convertible Notes are redeemable prior to maturity. No sinking fund is provided for the 2032 Convertible Notes. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had 15.0 million in 2032 Convertible Notes outstanding. 
 The following table summarizes the interest expense, deferred financing costs, average outstanding balance, and average stated interest rate on the 2032 Convertible Notes for the year ended December 31, 2022 (dollars in thousands): 

For the Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

Interest expense 

669 

Deferred financing costs 

8 

Total interest and financing expenses 

677 

Average outstanding balance 

11,301 

Average stated interest rate 

5.25 

F- 28 
 
 LOGAN RIDGE FINANCE CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 Bond Repurchase Program 
 On July 30, 2020, the Board approved a bond repurchase program which authorizes the Company to repurchase up to an aggregate of 10.0 million worth of the Company s outstanding 2022 Notes and/or 2022 Convertible Notes (the Bond Repurchase Program ). The Bond Repurchase Program expired on July 30, 2021. The Company did not repurchase any of the 2022 Notes or 2022 Convertible Notes during the year ended December 31, 2021. During the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company purchased approximately 2.2 million of outstanding principal of the 2022 Notes under the Bond Repurchase Program, resulting in a realized gain of 0.2 million. During the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company did not purchase any of the 2022 Convertible Notes. 
 KeyBank Credit Facility 
 On October 30, 2020, Capitala Business Lending, LLC CBL ), a direct, wholly owned, consolidated subsidiary of the Company, entered into a senior secured revolving credit agreement the KeyBank Credit Facility ), with the investment adviser at the time, as collateral manager, the lenders from time to time parties thereto (each a Lender ), KeyBank National Association, as administrative agent, and U.S. Bank National Association, as custodian. The KeyBank Credit Facility was amended on May 10, 2022 and October 20, 2022. Under the KeyBank Credit Facility, the Lenders have agreed to extend credit to CBL in an aggregate principal amount of up to 75.0 million as of May 10, 2022, with an uncommitted accordion feature that allows the Company to borrow up to an additional 125.0 million. The KeyBank Credit Facility matures on May 10, 2027, unless there is an earlier termination or event of default. The period during which the Lenders may make loans to CBL under the KeyBank Credit Facility commenced on October 30, 2020 and will continue through May 10, 2025, unless there is an earlier termination or event of default. Borrowings under the KeyBank Credit Facility bear interest at 1M Term SOFR plus 2.90 during the 3-year revolving period and 3.25 thereafter, with a 0.40 1M Term SOFR floor. CBL will also pay an unused commitment fee at a rate of (1) 1.00 if utilization is less than or equal to 30.0 , (2) 0.65 if utilization is greater than 30.0 but less than or equal to 60.0 , or (3) 0.35 if utilization is greater than 60.0 , per annum on the unutilized portion of the aggregate commitments under the KeyBank Credit Facility. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, there were draws of 55.9 million and zero, respectively, on the KeyBank Credit Facility. The KeyBank Credit Facility includes customary affirmative and negative covenants, including certain limitations on the incurrence of additional indebtedness and liens, as well as usual and customary events of default for revolving credit facilities of this nature. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, assets pledged to secure the KeyBank Credit Facility had a fair value of 111.3 million and 57.7 million, respectively. 
 The following table summarizes the interest expense, deferred financing costs, unused commitment fees, average outstanding balance, and average stated interest rate on the KeyBank Credit Facility for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (dollars in thousands): 

For the Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 
 2021 
 
 2020 

Interest expense 

1,553 

136 

Deferred financing costs 

286 

194 

33 

Unused commitment fees 

267 

387 

77 

Total interest and financing expenses 

2,106 

717 

110 

Average outstanding balance 

27,586 

3,203 

Average stated interest rate 

5.35 

4.25 

Financial Instruments Disclosed, But Not Carried, At Fair Value 
 The following table presents the outstanding principal and fair value of the Company s financial liabilities disclosed, but not carried, at fair value as of December 31, 2022, and the level of each financial liability within the fair value hierarchy (dollars in thousands): 

Outstanding Principal 

Fair Value 

Level 1 

Level 2 

Level 3 

2026 Notes 

50,000 

50,000 

50,000 

2032 Convertible Notes 

15,000 

15,000 

15,000 

KeyBank Credit Facility 

55,937 

55,937 

55,937 

Total 

120,937 

120,937 

120,937 

The following table presents the outstanding principal and fair value of the Company s financial liabilities disclosed, but not carried, at fair value as of December 31, 2021, and the level of each financial liability within the fair value hierarchy (dollars in thousands): 

Outstanding Principal 

Fair Value 

Level 1 

Level 2 

Level 3 

2022 Notes 

22,833 

23,285 

23,285 

2022 Convertible Notes 

52,088 

52,983 

52,983 

2026 Notes 

50,000 

50,000 

50,000 

Total 

124,921 

126,268 

76,268 

50,000 

The estimated fair value of the 2022 Notes and 2022 Convertible Notes was based on their respective closing prices as of the measurement date as they were traded on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the ticker CPTAL (2022 Notes) and on the NASDAQ Capital Market under the ticker CPTAG (2022 Convertible Notes). 
 The estimated fair value of the 2026 Notes, the 2032 Convertible Notes and the KeyBank Credit Facility approximates the principal value. 
 F- 29 
 
 LOGAN RIDGE FINANCE CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 Note 8. Income Taxes 
 The Company has elected to be treated as a RIC under subchapter M of the Code. As a RIC, the Company is not taxed on any investment company taxable income or capital gains which it distributes to stockholders. The Company intends to make the requisite distributions to its stockholders which will relieve the Company from U.S. federal income taxes. 
 Distributions from net investment income, distributions from net realized capital gains, and distributions classified as return of capital are determined in accordance with U.S. federal tax regulations, which may differ from amounts in accordance with U.S. GAAP and those differences could be material. 
 Permanent differences between taxable income and net investment income for financial reporting purposes are reclassified among the capital accounts in the financial statements to reflect their tax character. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company reclassified for book purposes amounts arising from permanent differences in the book and tax basis of partnership investments sold, sales relating to defaulted bond accruals, and book and tax character of distributions paid. Such reclassifications are reported in Tax reclassifications of stockholders equity in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and Distributions Return of Capital in the statements of changes in net assets for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 The following permanent differences due to adjustments for the realized gains (losses) upon disposition of partnership interests and for the transfer of distributions between accumulated capital gains, accumulated net investment income, and return of capital were reclassified for tax purposes for the tax years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 (dollars in thousands): 

Tax Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Increase (decrease) in accumulated net investment income 

383 

4,605 

(778) 

Decrease (increase) in accumulated net realized gains on investments 

(2,575) 

36,030 

6,254 

Increase (decrease) in capital in excess of par value 

2,192 

(40,635) 

(5,476) 

For the tax years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the tax basis components of distributable earnings were as follows (dollars in thousands): 

Tax Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Undistributed ordinary income 

Accumulated capital losses 

(96,984) 

(108,018) 

(111,734) 

Unrealized appreciation (depreciation) 

(18,351) 

3,590 

(23,428) 

Other temporary differences 

(1,588) 

(1,580) 

(6,262) 

Total 

(116,923) 

(106,008) 

(141,424) 

Capital losses in excess of capital gains earned in a tax year may generally be carried forward and used to offset capital gains, subject to certain limitations. Under the Regulated Investment Company Modernization Act of 2010, capital losses incurred after September 30, 2011 will not be subject to expiration. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has a short-term capital loss carry forward of 18.1 million and a long-term capital loss carry forward of 78.9 million. 
 Taxable income generally differs from net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations for financial reporting purposes due to temporary and permanent differences in the recognition of income and expenses and generally excludes unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments as investment gains and losses are not included in taxable income until they are realized. 
 F- 30 
 
 LOGAN RIDGE FINANCE CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 The following table reconciles net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations to taxable income (loss) for the tax periods ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 (dollars in thousands): 

Tax Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Net decrease in net assets resulting from operations 

(12,024) 

(1,918) 

(35,447) 

Net change in unrealized depreciation (appreciation) on investments 

24,631 

(10,667) 

11,611 

Capital loss carryforward 

(8,363) 

7,658 

16,561 

Tax provision 

Other deductions for book in excess of deductions for tax 

(4,510) 

529 

7,930 

Total taxable (loss) income 

(266) 

(4,398) 

655 

For income tax purposes, distributions paid to stockholders are reported as ordinary income, return of capital, long term capital gains or a combination thereof. The tax character of distributions paid for the tax periods ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 (dollars in thousands): 

Tax Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Ordinary income 

655 

Return of capital 

3,398 

Total 

4,053 

For U.S. federal income tax purposes, as of December 31, 2022, the aggregate net unrealized depreciation for all securities was 18.3 million. As of December 31, 2022, gross unrealized appreciation was 13.1 million and gross unrealized depreciation was 31.4 million. The aggregate cost of securities for U.S. federal income tax purposes was 221.9 million as of December 31, 2022. For U.S. federal income tax purposes, as of December 31, 2021, the aggregate net unrealized appreciation for all securities was 3.6 million. As of December 31, 2021, gross unrealized appreciation was 38.6 million and gross unrealized depreciation was 35.0 million. The aggregate cost of securities for U.S. federal income tax purposes was 194.6 million as of December 31, 2021. 
 The Company has formed and expects to continue to form certain Taxable Subsidiaries, which are taxed as corporations for income tax purposes. These Taxable Subsidiaries allow the Company to make equity investments in companies organized as pass-through entities while continuing to satisfy the requirements of a RIC under the Code. The Taxable Subsidiaries are wholly owned consolidated subsidiaries of the Company. 
 The Company acquired the non-controlling interest in Print Direction, Inc. on December 1, 2017 and converted the entity to CPTA Master Blocker, Inc. (Georgia), retaining its net operating losses in the transaction pursuant to Section 382 of the Code. As of December 31, 2022, the Taxable Subsidiaries had net operating losses for U.S. federal income tax purposes of approximately 14.2 million. If not utilized, 0.9 million and 6.1 million of these net operating losses will expire in the years ended December 31, 2036 and 2037, respectively, and 7.3 million of these net operating losses have no expiration. 
 Deferred U.S. federal income taxes reflect the net tax effect of temporary differences between the carrying amount of assets and liabilities for financial reporting and U.S. federal income tax purposes. Components of deferred tax assets (liabilities) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 are as follows (dollars in thousands): 

As of December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Deferred tax assets: 

Net operating loss carryforwards 

3,940 

2,870 

Capital loss carryforwards 

455 

1,034 

Other deferred tax assets 

4 

53 

Less valuation allowance 

(3,951) 

(2,457) 

Total deferred tax assets 

448 

1,500 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Net unrealized depreciation on investments 

448 

1,500 

Total deferred tax liabilities 

448 

1,500 

Net deferred tax asset 

At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the valuation allowance on deferred tax assets was 4.0 million and 2.5 million, respectively, which represents the tax effect of net operating losses that we do not believe we will realize through future taxable income. Any adjustments to the Company s valuation allowance will depend on estimates of future taxable income and will be made in the period such determination is made. 
 Total income tax expense (benefit) differs from the amount computed by applying the federal statutory income tax rate of 21 to net investment loss and net realized and unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, are as follows (dollars in thousands): 

For the Years Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Tax (benefit) expense at statutory rates 

(1,041) 

1,544 

(795) 

State income tax (benefit) expense, net of federal benefit 

(322) 

281 

(124) 

Adjustment to unrealized depreciation 

184 

494 

(1,366) 

Other adjustments 

(315) 

(21) 

786 

Revaluation for state rate change 

(134) 

44 

Change in valuation allowance 

1,494 

(2,164) 

1,455 

Total tax provision (benefit), net 

F- 31 
 
 LOGAN RIDGE FINANCE CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the components of the Company s tax provision (benefit) include the following: 

For the Years Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Tax provision (benefit) 

Federal 

938 

(1,918) 

(1,297) 

State 

650 

(246) 

(158) 

Less valuation allowance 

(1,494) 

2,164 

1,455 

Total tax provision (benefit), net 

94 

Note 9. Directors Fees 
 Our Independent Directors receive an annual fee of 50,000. They also receive 5,000 plus reimbursement of reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with attending each Board meeting and 5,000 plus reimbursement of reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with attending each committee meeting. In addition, the chairman of the audit committee receives an annual fee of 10,000 and each chairman of any other committee receives an annual fee of 5,000 for their additional services, if any, in these capacities. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company recognized directors fees expense of 0.5 million, 0.4 million, and 0.3 million, respectively. No compensation is expected to be paid to directors who are interested persons of the Company, as such term is defined in Section 2(a)(19) of the 1940 Act. Effective April 1, 2020, the Company s Independent Directors have agreed to waive 20 of the fees due to them for the remainder of the fiscal year ending December 31, 2020 due to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 Note 10. Stockholders Equity 
 On September 24, 2013, we issued 8,974,420 shares of common stock to the limited partners of the Legacy Funds, in exchange for 100 of their membership interests or certain investment assets of such Legacy Funds, as the case may be. On September 30, 2013, we issued 4,000,000 shares of common stock in connection with the closing of our IPO. The shares issued in the IPO were priced at 20.00 per share. We received proceeds of 74.25 million in the IPO, net of underwriters discounts and commissions of 5.75 million. 
 On April 13, 2015, the Company completed an underwritten offering of 3,500,000 shares of its common stock at a public offering price of 18.32 per share. The total proceeds received in the offering net of underwriting discounts and offering costs were approximately 61.7 million. 
 On August 21, 2020, the Company effectuated a one-for-six reverse stock split of shares of the Company s common stock. Please see Note 1 for a full description. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had 2,711,068 shares of common stock outstanding. 
 Note 11. Earnings Per Share 
 In accordance with the provisions of ASC Topic 260 Earnings per Share ASC 260 ), basic earnings per share is computed by dividing earnings available to stockholders by the weighted average number of shares of the Company s common stock outstanding during the period. Other potentially dilutive shares of the Company s common stock, and the related impact to earnings, are considered when calculating diluted earnings per share. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, 0.6 million in convertible shares related to the 2022 Convertible Notes were considered anti-dilutive. For the year ended December 31, 2022, 0.5 million in convertible shares related to the 2032 Convertible Notes were considered anti-dilutive. 
 The following information sets forth the computation of the weighted average basic and diluted net decrease in net assets per share resulting from operations for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 (dollars in thousands, except share and per share data): 

For the Years Ended December 31, 

2022 (1) 

2021 

2020 

Net decrease in net assets resulting from operations - basic and diluted (1) 

(12,024) 

(1,918) 

(35,447) 

Weighted average common stock outstanding basic and diluted (1) 

2,711,068 

2,711,068 

2,709,169 

Net decrease in net assets per share from operations - basic and diluted (1) 

(4.44) 

(0.71) 

(13.08) 

(1) Basic and diluted shares of the Company s common stock have been adjusted for the periods shown to reflect the one-for-six reverse stock split effected on August 21, 2020 on a retroactive basis, as described in Note 1. 

Note 12. Distributions 
 The Company s distributions are recorded on the record date. Stockholders have the option to receive payment of the distribution in cash, shares of the Company s common stock, or a combination of cash and shares of common stock. Tax characteristics of all distributions paid are reported to stockholders on Form 1099 after the end of the calendar year. The Company s Board determined not to declare any distributions during the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. For the year ended December 31, 2020, total distributions of 4.1 million were comprised of approximately 0.7 million from ordinary income and 3.4 million from return of capital. 
 F- 32 
 
 LOGAN RIDGE FINANCE CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 Note 13. Financial Highlights 
 The following is a schedule of financial highlights for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, 2020, 2019 and 2018 (dollars in thousands, except share and per share data, unless otherwise noted): 

For the Years Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

2019 

2018 

Per share data (1) : 

Net asset value at beginning of year 

39.48 

40.19 

54.84 

71.26 

83.46 

Net investment (loss) income (2) 

(0.43) 

(1.32) 

0.02 

4.86 

6.01 

Net realized gain (loss) on investments (2) 

5.08 

(2.94) 

(8.88) 

(7.35) 

(13.06) 

Net change in unrealized (depreciation) appreciation on investments (2) 

(9.09) 

3.93 

(4.29) 

(7.56) 

(2.23) 

Net change in unrealized (depreciation) appreciation on written call option (2) 

2.55 

Tax (provision) benefit (2) 

(0.23) 

0.72 

Net realized (loss) gain on extinguishment of debt (2) 

(0.38) 

0.06 

Distributions return of capital (3) 

(1.26) 

(0.99) 

Distributions net investment income (3) 

(0.24) 

(5.01) 

(6.00) 

Other (4) 

(0.06) 

(0.14) 

(0.19) 

Net asset value at end of year 

35.04 

39.48 

40.19 

54.84 

71.26 

Net assets at end of period 

95,005 

107,029 

108,947 

148,113 

190,644 

Shares outstanding at end of period 

2,711,068 

2,711,068 

2,711,068 

2,700,628 

2,675,258 

Per share market value at end of period 

22.36 

22.99 

14.41 

52.38 

43.02 

Total return based on market value (4) 

(2.74) 

59.54 

(71.10) 

37.75 

12.14 

Ratio/Supplemental data: 

Ratio of net investment (loss) income to average net assets 

(1.15) 

(3.20) 

0.05 

7.85 

7.60 

Ratio of incentive fee, net of incentive fee waiver, to average net assets (5) 

0.73 

0.12 

Ratio of interest and financing expenses to average net assets 

7.70 

9.42 

13.23 

10.30 

8.20 

Ratio of tax provision (benefit) to average net assets 

0.38 

(0.91) 

Ratio of other operating expenses to average net assets 

8.14 

8.71 

9.82 

7.62 

6.52 

Ratio of total expenses including tax provision, net of fee waivers, to average net assets (5) 

15.84 

18.12 

23.05 

19.03 

13.93 

Portfolio turnover rate (6) 

48.09 

38.73 

6.90 

19.18 

22.69 

Average debt outstanding (7) 

119,677 

167,102 

256,673 

290,073 

302,420 

Average debt outstanding per common share 

44.14 

61.64 

94.68 

107.41 

113.04 

(1) Shares and per share data have been adjusted for the periods shown to reflect the one-for-six reverse stock split effected on August 21, 2020 on a retroactive basis, as described in Note 1. 

(2) Based on daily weighted average balance of shares of the Company s common stock outstanding during the period. 

(3) Includes the impact of different share amounts used in calculating per share data as a result of calculating certain per share data based on weighted average shares outstanding during the period and certain per share data based on shares outstanding as of a period end or transaction date. Also includes the impact of shares of the Company s common stock issued under the Company s DRIP. 

(4) Total investment return is calculated assuming a purchase of common shares at the current market value on the first day and a sale at the current market value on the last day of the period reported. Dividends and distributions, if any, are assumed for purposes of this calculation to be reinvested at prices obtained under the Company s DRIP. Total investment return does not reflect brokerage commissions. 

(5) The ratio of waived incentive fees to average net assets was 0.00 , 0.00 , 0.00 , 0.17 , and 0.00 , for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively. 

(6) Portfolio turnover rate is calculated using the lesser of year-to-date sales or year-to-date purchases over the average of the invested assets at fair value. 

(7) Based on daily weighted average balance of debt outstanding during the period. 

F- 33 
 
 LOGAN RIDGE FINANCE CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 Note 14. Senior Securities 
 The following is a schedule of the Company s senior securities for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, 2020, 2019 and 2018 (dollars in thousands, except share and per share data, unless otherwise noted): 

For the Years Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

2019 

2018 

Total Debt Outstanding: 

KeyBank Credit Facility 

55,937 

ING Credit Facility 

10,000 

SBA-guaranteed debentures 

91,000 

150,000 

165,700 

2022 Notes 

22,833 

72,833 

75,000 

75,000 

2022 Convertible Notes 

52,088 

52,088 

52,088 

52,088 

2026 Notes 

50,000 

50,000 

2032 Convertible Notes 

15,000 

Asset coverage per unit (1) : 

KeyBank Credit Facility 

1,771 

1,849 

1,872 

N/A 

N/A 

ING Credit Facility 
 
 N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

2,165 

2,391 

SBA-guaranteed debentures 
 
 N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

2022 Notes 
 
 N/A 

1,849 

1,872 

2,165 

2,391 

2022 Convertible Notes 
 
 N/A 

1,849 

1,872 

2,165 

2,391 

2026 Notes 

1,771 

1,849 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

2032 Convertible Notes 

1,771 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

Involuntary liquidation preference per unit (2) : 

KeyBank Credit Facility 

ING Credit Facility 

SBA-guaranteed debentures 

2022 Notes 

2022 Convertible Notes 

2026 Notes 

2032 Convertible Notes 

Average market value per unit (3) : 

KeyBank Credit Facility 
 
 N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

ING Credit Facility 
 
 N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

SBA-guaranteed debentures 
 
 N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

2022 Notes 
 
 N/A 

1,002 

867 

1,000 

996 

2022 Convertible Notes 
 
 N/A 

1,002 

856 

994 

984 

2026 Notes 
 
 N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

2032 Convertible Notes 
 
 N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

(1) Asset coverage per unit is the ratio of the carrying value of our total consolidated assets, less all liabilities and indebtedness not represented by senior securities, to the aggregate amount of senior securities representing indebtedness. We have excluded our SBA-guaranteed debentures from the asset coverage calculation pursuant to the exemptive relief granted by the SEC in June 2014 that permits us to exclude such debentures from the definition of senior securities in the 200 asset coverage ratio (150 after November 1, 2019) we are required to maintain under the 1940 Act. Asset coverage per unit is expressed in terms of dollar amounts per 1,000 of indebtedness. 

(2) The amount to which such class of senior security would be entitled upon the involuntary liquidation of the issuer in preference to any security junior to it. The indicates information that the SEC expressly does not require to be disclosed for certain types of senior securities. 

(3) Not applicable except for the 2022 Notes and the 2022 Convertible Notes which were publicly traded. The Average Market Value Per Unit is calculated by taking the daily average closing price during the period and dividing it by twenty-five dollars per share and multiplying the result by one thousand to determine a unit price per thousand consistent with Asset Coverage Per Unit. 

F- 34 
 
 LOGAN RIDGE FINANCE CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 Note 15. Selected Quarterly Financial Data (Unaudited) 

For the Quarter Ended 

(Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 
 
 December 31, 2022 

September 30, 2022 

June 30, 2022 

March 31, 2022 

Total investment income 

4,539 

3,748 

3,303 

3,337 

Net investment income (loss) 

636 

182 

(929) 

(1,051) 

Net (decrease) increase in net assets resulting from operations 

(3,171) 

(2,961) 

(5,034) 

(858) 

Net investment income (loss) per share 

0.23 

0.07 

(0.34) 

(0.39) 

Net (decrease) increase in net assets resulting from operations 

(1.17) 

(1.09) 

(1.86) 

(0.32) 

per share 

Net asset value per share at end of period 

35.04 

36.21 

37.31 

39.16 

For the Quarter Ended 

(Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 
 
 December 31, 2021 

September 30, 2021 

June 30, 2021 

March 31, 2021 

Total investment income 

3,411 

3,373 

5,044 

4,926 

Net investment (loss) income 

(1,333) 

(1,510) 

34 

(783) 

Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations 

(3,232) 

(3,486) 

(7,554) 

12,354 

Net investment (loss) income per share 

(0.48) 

(0.56) 

0.01 

(0.29) 

Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations 

(1.19) 

(1.29) 

(2.79) 

4.56 

per share 

Net asset value per share at end of period 

39.48 

40.67 

41.96 

44.74 

Note 16. Subsequent Events 
 The Company has evaluated subsequent events through the date of filing of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and determined that there have been no events that have occurred that would require adjustments to our disclosures in the consolidated financial statements, except as discussed below. 
 On March 6, 2023, the Company s Board of Directors authorized a new share repurchase program, whereby the Company may repurchase up to an aggregate of 5.0 million of its outstanding common shares in the open market. Unless extended or discontinued by the Company s Board of Directors, the repurchase program will terminate on March 31, 2024. The repurchase program may be extended, modified or discontinued at any time for any reason without prior notice. The repurchase program does not obligate the Company to acquire any specific number of shares, and all repurchases will be made in accordance with SEC Rule 10b-18 and accomplished through a Rule 10b5-1 plan, which sets certain restrictions on the method, timing, price and volume of share repurchases. 
 On March 6, 2023, the Company s Board of Directors approved a distribution of 0.18 per share payable on March 31, 2023 to stockholders of record as of March 20, 2023. 
 F- 35 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 None. 
 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 (a) Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 As of December 31, 2022 (the end of the period covered by this report), we, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended). Based on that evaluation, our management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective and provided reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in our periodic SEC filings is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. However, in evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognized that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, and management necessarily was required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of such possible controls and procedures. 
 (b) Report of Management on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, and for performing an assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. GAAP. The Company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to assets of the Company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Management performed an assessment of the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 based upon the criteria in the 2013 Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on management s assessment, management determined that the Company s internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 As a non-accelerated filer, the Company is not currently required to obtain an audit of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting from its independent registered public accounting firm as of December 31, 2022. 
 (c) Changes in Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting 
 Management has not identified any change in the Company s internal control over financing reporting that occurred during the fourth quarter of 2022 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 None. 
 ITEM 9C. D I SCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS. 
 Not Applicable. 
 64 

PART III 
 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 Information required by this item will be contained in the Company s definitive Proxy Statement for its 2023 Annual Stockholder Meeting, to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after December 31, 2022, and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 Information required by this item will be contained in the Company s definitive Proxy Statement for its 2023 Annual Stockholder Meeting, to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after December 31, 2022, and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANA GEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 Information required by this item will be contained in the Company s definitive Proxy Statement for its 2023 Annual Stockholder Meeting, to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after December 31, 2022, and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 Information required by this item will be contained in the Company s definitive Proxy Statement for its 2023 Annual Stockholder Meeting, to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after December 31, 2022, and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 Information required by this item will be contained in the Company s definitive Proxy Statement for its 2023 Annual Stockholder Meeting, to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after December 31, 2022, and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 65 

PART IV 
 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 The following documents are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K: 
 (1) Consolidated Financial Statements Consolidated Financial statements are included in Item 8. See the Index to the Consolidated Financial Statements on page F-1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 (2) Consolidated Financial Statement Schedules None. We have omitted consolidated financial statement schedules because they are not required or are not applicable, or the required information is shown in the consolidated financial statements or notes to the consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 (3) Exhibits The following is a list of all exhibits filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including those incorporated by reference. 
 The following exhibits are filed as part of this report or hereby incorporated by reference to exhibits previously filed with the SEC (and are numbered in accordance with Item 601 of Regulation S-K): 

Exhibit Number 
 
 Description of Document 

3.1 
 
 Articles of Amendment and Restatement (1) 

3.2 
 
 Articles of Amendment (6) 

3.3 
 
 Certificate of Limited Partnership of CapitalSouth Partners Fund II Limited Partnership (2) 

3.4 
 
 Certificate of Limited Partnership of CapitalSouth Fund III, L.P. (f/k/a CapitalSouth Partners SBIC Fund III, L.P.) (2) 

3.5 
 
 Bylaws (1) 

3.6 
 
 Form of Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement of CapitalSouth Partners Fund II Limited Partnership (3) 

3.7 
 
 Form of Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of CapitalSouth Fund III, L.P. (f/k/a CapitalSouth Partners SBIC Fund III, L.P.) (3) 

4.1 
 
 Form of Common Stock Certificate (1) 

4.2 
 
 Form of Base Indenture (4) 

4.3 
 
 Form of Fourth Supplemental Indenture relating to the 5.25 notes due 2026, by and between the Registrant and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, including the form of Global Note (8) 

4.4 
 
 Description of Securities (9) 

10.1 
 
 Form of Dividend Reinvestment Plan (1) 

10.2 
 
 Form of Investment Advisory Agreement by and between Registrant and Mount Logan Management, LLC (5) 

10.3 
 
 Form of Custodian Agreement (1) 

10.4 
 
 Form of Administration Agreement by and between Registrant and BC Partners Management LLC. (5) 

10.5 
 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement by and between Registrant and each of its directors (1) 

10.6 
 
 Fee Waiver Agreement, dated as of July 1, 2021, between Logan Ridge Finance Corporation and Mount Logan Management LLC (5) 

10.7 
 
 Third Amendment to Revolving Credit Facility, dated as of October 20, 2022, among Capitala Business Lending, LLC, as the borrower, Mount Logan Management, LLC, as the collateral manager, the lenders from to time to time parties thereto, KeyBank National Association, as the administrative agent, and U.S. Bank National Association, as the custodian (7) 

10.8 
 
 Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of April 1, 2022, by and among Logan Ridge Finance Corporation and the Purchasers (as defined therein) (8) 

14.1 
 
 Code of Ethics (filed herewith) 

21.1 
 
 List of Subsidiaries (filed herewith) 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (filed herewith) 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (filed herewith) 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (filed herewith) 

32.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (filed herewith) 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document (filed herewith) 

101.SHC 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document (filed herewith) 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document (filed herewith) 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document (filed herewith) 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document (filed herewith) 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document (filed herewith) 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) (filed herewith) 

(1) Previously filed in connection with the Pre-Effective Amendment No. 1 to Logan Ridge Finance Corporation s registration statement on Form N-2 (File No. 333-188956) filed on September 9, 2013. 

(2) Previously filed in connection with Pre-Effective Amendment No. 2 to Logan Ridge Finance Corporation s registration statement on Form N-2 (File No. 333-188956) filed on September 16, 2013. 

(3) Previously filed in connection with Pre-Effective Amendment No. 5 to Logan Ridge Finance Corporation s registration statement on Form N-2 (File No. 333-188956) filed on September 24, 2013. 

66 

(4) Previously filed in connection with Pre-Effective Amendment No. 2 to Logan Ridge Finance Corporation s registration statement on Form N-2 (File No. 333-193374) filed on May 21, 2014. 

(5) Previously filed in connection with Logan Ridge Finance Corporation s report on Form 8-K filed on July 1, 2021. 

(6) Previously filed in connection with Logan Ridge Finance Corporation s report on Form 8-K filed on August 4, 2020. 

(7) Previously filed in connection with Logan Ridge Finance Corporation s report on Form 8-K filed on October 21, 2022. 

(8) Previously filed in connection with Logan Ridge Finance Corporation s report on Form 8-K on April 6, 2022. 

(9) Previously filed in connection with Logan Ridge Finance Corporation s report on Form 10-K filed on March 2, 2020. 

67 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 None. 
 68 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Annual Report on Form 10-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Logan Ridge Finance Corporation 

Date: March 9, 2023 
 
 By	/s/ Ted Goldthorpe Ted Goldthorpe Chief Executive Officer and President (Principal Executive Officer) Logan Ridge Finance Corporation 

Date: March 9, 2023 
 
 By	/s/ Jason Roos Jason Roos Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) Logan Ridge Finance Corporation 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Ted Goldthorpe Ted Goldthorpe 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and President and Chairman of the Board of Directors (Principal Executive Officer) 
 
 March 9, 2023 

/s/ Jason Roos Jason Roos 
 
 Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 
 
 March 9, 2023 

/s/ Alexander Duka Alexander Duka 
 
 Director 
 
 March 9, 2023 

/s/ George Grunebaum George Grunebaum 
 
 Director 
 
 March 9, 2023 

/s/ Robert Warshauer Robert Warshauer 
 
 Director 
 
 March 9, 2023 

/s/ Jennifer Chou Jennifer Chou 
 
 Director 
 
 March 9, 2023 

69 

<EX-14>
 2
 lrfc-ex14_1.htm
 EX-14.1

EX-14 

Exhibit 14.1 

Corporate Governance: PTMN/LRFC Code of Ethics 
 
 1 

S TATEMENT OF P URPOSE AND A PPLICABILITY 
 
 Portman Ridge Finance Corporation and Logan Ridge Finance Corporation (each, the Company are regulated as a business development company under the Investment Company Act of 1940 (the Act and subject to Rule 17j-1 under the Act Rule 17j-1 . It is the Company s policy that no Affiliated Person shall, in connection the purchase or sale, directly or indirectly, by such Affiliated Person of any Security Held or to be Acquired by the Company: 
 
 (1) To employ any device, scheme or artifice to defraud the Company; 

(2) To make any untrue statement of a material fact to the Company or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements made to the Company, in light of the circumstances under which they are made, not misleading; 

(3) To engage in an act, practice, or course of business that operates or would operate as a fraud or deceit on the Company; or 

(4) To engage in any manipulative practice with respect to the Company. 

In accordance with the Rule, the Company has adopted this Code of Ethics containing provisions it deems reasonably necessary to prevent those of its Affiliated Persons who are Access Persons from engaging in any of such prohibited acts. 
 
 D EFINITIONS 
 
 A. Access Person means any officer, partner, member or Advisory Person of the Company. A board director shall be presumed to be an Access Person of the Company unless the Designated Officer determines, after consideration of the relevant facts and circumstances, that the director should not be considered an Access Person hereunder. 

B. Advisory Person of the Company means: 

i) any director, officer, member or employee of the Company (or of any company in a Control relationship to the Company), who in connection with his or her regular functions or duties makes, participates in, or obtains information regarding the purchase or sale of Covered Securities by the Company, or whose functions relate to the making of any recommendation with respect to such purchases or sales; and 

ii) any natural person in a Control relationship to the Company who obtains information concerning recommendations made to the Company with regard to the purchase or sale of any Covered Security by the Company. 

C. Affiliated Person of another person means: 

i) any person directly or indirectly owning, controlling, or holding with power to vote, 5 or more of the outstanding voting securities of such other person; 

ii) any person 5 or more of whose outstanding voting securities are directly or indirectly owned, controlled, or held with power to vote, by such other person; 

iii) any person directly or indirectly controlling, controlled by, or under common control with, such other person; 

iv) any officer, director, partner, copartner, or employee of such other person; 

2 

v) if such other person is an investment company, any investment adviser thereof or any member of an advisory board thereof; and 

vi) if such other person is an unincorporated investment company not having a board of directors, the depositor thereof. 

D. Beneficial Ownership means beneficial ownership determined pursuant to Rule 16a 1(a)(2) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the 1934 Act ). Beneficial ownership includes securities held by members of a person's immediate family (spouse, children, stepchildren, grandchildren, parents, stepparents, grandparents, siblings, mother-in-law, father-in-law, son-in-law, daughter-in-law, brother-in-law, or sister-in- law) that share the same household with such person. The definition of Beneficial Ownership is complex, and if you have any questions as to whether you may have Beneficial Ownership with respect to any securities please contact the CCO. 

E. Control means the power to exercise a controlling influence over the management or policies of a company, unless such power is solely the result of an official position with such company. Any person who owns beneficially, either directly or through one or more controlled companies, more than 25 of the voting securities of a company shall be presumed to control such company. Any person who does not so own more than 25 of the voting securities of any company shall be presumed not to control such company. A natural person shall be presumed not to be a controlled person. Any such presumption may be rebutted by evidence in accordance with Section 2(a)(9) of the Act. 

F. Covered Security means a Security, except that such term does not include: 

i) direct obligations of the Government of the United States; 

ii) bankers' acceptances, bank certificates of deposit, commercial paper and high quality short-term debt instruments, including repurchase agreements; or 

iii) shares issued by open-end investment companies registered under the Act 

G. Designated Officer means the person designated from time to time by the Company to be its Chief Compliance Officer; provided, that the Company may from time to time designate another person to act on behalf of the Designated Officer during periods when the Designated Officer is absent or disabled, and during such periods the term Designated Officer shall mean such other officer. 

H. Disinterested Director means a director of the Company who is not an interested person of the Company within the meaning of Section 2(a)(19) of the Act. 

I. Federal Securities Laws means, in addition to the Act, the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 , the Securities Act of 1933 , the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 , Title V of the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act, all rules adopted by the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC under the foregoing statutes, those provisions of the Bank Secrecy Act that apply to investment companies and investment advisers, and any rules adopted under such provisions by the SEC or the Department of the Treasury. 

J. Initial Public Offering means an offering of securities registered under the Securities Act of 1933 (the 1933 Act ), the issuer of which, immediately before the registration, was not subject to the reporting requirements of Sections 13 or 15(d) of the 1934 Act. 

K. Investment Personnel means: 

i) any employee of the Company (or of any company in a Control relationship to the Company), who in connection with his or her regular functions or duties makes or 

3 

participates in making recommendations regarding the purchase or sale of securities by the Company; and 
 ii) any natural person who Controls the Company and obtains information concerning recommendations made to the Company with regard to the purchase or sale of securities by the Company. 

L. Limited Offering means an offering that is exempt from registration under the 1933 Act pursuant to Section 4(2) or Section 4(6) thereof or pursuant to Rule 504 , Rule 505 , or Rule 506 thereunder. 

M. purchase or sale of a Covered Security includes, among other things, the writing of an option to purchase or sell a Covered Security. 

N. Security means any note, stock, treasury stock, security future, bond, debenture, evidence of indebtedness, certificate of interest or participation in any profit-sharing agreement, collateral-trust certificate, preorganization certificate or subscription, transferable share, investment contract, voting-trust certificate, certificate of deposit for a security, fractional undivided interest in oil, gas, or other mineral rights, any put, call, straddle, option, or privilege on any security (including a certificate of deposit) or on any group or index of securities (including any interest therein or based on the value thereof), or any put, call, straddle, option, or privilege entered into on a national securities exchange relating to foreign currency, or, in general, any interest or instrument commonly known as a security , or any certificate of interest or participation in, temporary or interim certificate for, receipt for, guarantee of, or warrant or right to subscribe to or purchase, any of the foregoing. 

O. Security Held or to be Acquired by the Company means: 

i) any Covered Security which, within the most recent 15 days: (A) is or has been held by the Company; or (B) is being or has been considered by the Company for purchase by the Company; and 

ii) any option to purchase or sell, and any security convertible into or exchangeable for, a Covered Security described in clause (i) above. 

P. Third Party Account means an account in which a Covered Security is held for the benefit of any individual or entity other than the Company with respect to which an Access Person exercises investment discretion or provides investment advice. 

S TANDARDS OF C ONDUCT 
 General Standards. 
 
 1) No Access Person shall, in breach of any fiduciary duty he or she owes to the Company and its stockholders: 

a) engage, directly or indirectly, in any business investment in a manner detrimental to the Company; or 

b) use confidential information gained by reason of his or her employment by or affiliation with the Company in a manner detrimental to the Company. 

2) At the time that an Access Person recommends or authorizes the purchase or sale of a Covered Security by the Company, he or she shall disclose to the Designated Officer: 

4 

a) any Beneficial Ownership in such Covered Security that he or she has or proposes to acquire; 

b) any interest he or she has or proposes to acquire in any Third Party Account in which such Covered Security is held; and 

c) any interest in or relationship with the issuer of such Covered Security that he or she has or proposes to acquire. 

3) Each Access Person must conduct his or her personal securities transactions in a manner that is consistent with this Code of Ethics and that will avoid an abuse of his or her position of trust and responsibility within the Company. 

4) No Access Person shall engage in any act, practice, or course of business that is in breach of the fiduciary duty of care, loyalty, honesty and good faith that he or she owes to the Company. 

5) No Access Person shall, in connection with the purchase or sale, directly or indirectly, of any Security Held or to be Acquired by the Company, engage in any act, practice or course of business in violation of the Federal Securities Laws. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, note that Insider Trading , which is the misuse of material non-public information concerning an issuer, relates not only to the Company but to any company. Reference is made to the Company Insider Trading Policy Trading of Company Shares for a general discussion of the issue. To that end, No Access Person shall (a) disclose material non-public information received or developed by the Company concerning any issuer to any other person; disclose material non-public information otherwise received to any person; and effect any transaction in any security or commodity on the basis of material non-public information, regardless of whether such information was received or developed by the Company in connection with its business or otherwise. 

Prohibited Transactions. 
 
 1) General Prohibition . Unless an Access Person shall have obtained prior approval from the Designated Officer, no Access Person shall purchase or sell (or otherwise acquire or dispose of) direct or indirect Beneficial Ownership of any Covered Security if, at the time of such transaction, such Access Person knows or should have known such Covered Security is a Security Held or to be Acquired by the Company. 

If an Access Person becomes aware that the Company is considering the purchase or sale of a Covered Security, the Access Person must promptly notify the Designated Officer of: 
 
 a) any interest that he or she has in any outstanding Covered Security of the same issuer; and 

b) any other interest in or relationship with the issuer that he or she has or proposes to acquire. 

2) Insider Trading . No Access Person may buy or sell securities (including but not limited to the Company s stock) while in possession of material non-public information inside information ). In addition, no Access Person may disclose material non-public 

5 

information to outsiders, including family members and others (tipping), who then trade in the securities or the securities the Company or of another company on the basis of that information. 
 Rule 10b5-1 under the 1934 Act may permit pre-planned trading in securities about which an individual or entity possesses inside information. By documenting a 10b5-1 plan prior to the receipt of inside information, the Company or its Access Persons may be able to show that trades were not made based on the inside information. A 10b5-1 plan must be established in good faith prior to the receipt of inside information, must define specific trading parameters that will be followed consistently, and must be implemented by a third party. Neither the Company nor any Access Person may establish or trade on a 10b5-1 plan without written pre-approval from the CCO. 
 
 3) Gifts . No Access Person may accept any gift, favor, or service from any person with whom he or she transacts business on behalf of the Company, if to do so would conflict with the Company's best interests or would impair the ability of such person to be completely disinterested when required, in the course of business, to make judgments and/or recommendations on behalf of the Company. See the BC Partners Gift and Entertainment Policy. 

4) Initial Public Offerings and Limited Offerings . Investment Personnel must obtain approval from the Designated Officer before directly or indirectly acquiring Beneficial Ownership in any Securities in an Initial Public Offering or Limited Offering. If the Designated Officer is the person whose acquisition requires such approval, he or she may obtain such approval from the President of the Company. 

P ROCEDURES TO I MPLEMENT C ODE OF E THICS 
 
 The following reporting, review and record keeping procedures have been established to assist in the avoidance of a violation of this Code of Ethics and to assist the Company in preventing, detecting, and imposing sanctions for violations of this Code of Ethics. Questions regarding these procedures should be directed to the Designated Officer. 
 
 Reports to be Filed by Access Persons. 
 
 1) Except as noted below in the Exceptions from Reporting Requirements section, each Access Person of the Company must complete, sign and file with the Designated Officer: 

a) Initial Holdings Report . Not later than 10 days after he or she becomes an Access Person of the Company: an Initial Report of Covered Security Holdingsshall be provided to the CCO, the information provided must be current as of a date no more than 45 days prior to the date on which he or she becomes an Access Person. 

b) Quarterly Transaction Reports . Not later than 30 days after the end of each calendar quarter: a Quarterly Report of Covered Security Transactions must be submitted to the CCO through the online compliance platform. 

c) Annual Holdings Reports . Not later than 30 days after the end of each fiscal year of the Company: an Annual Report of Covered Security Holdings, hedge funds 

6 

and private placement positions must be submitted to the CCO through the online compliance platform, the information provided must be current as of a date no more than 45 days prior to the date on which the report is submitted. 
 
 2) Account Statements . Unless otherwise permitted by the Designated Officer, each Access Person (other than Disinterested Directors) must direct each broker, dealer, or bank at which he or she maintains an account in which securities are or were held for the direct or indirect benefit of such Access Person, to provide to the Designated Officer duplicate account statements for each such account. Alternatively, copies of such reports can be presented to the Designated Officer so long as there is a signed certification by the Access Person that such reports are true, current, complete and inclusive of their Covered Security Holdings and Transactions. 

3) Disclaimer of Beneficial Ownership . Any Access Person may at any time or from time to time deliver to the Designated Officer a statement that his or her filing of any report hereunder or the delivery on his or her behalf of any duplicate account statement required hereunder shall not be construed as an admission by such Access Person that he or she has any direct or indirect Beneficial Ownership in the Covered Security to which such report or such duplicate account statement relates. 

4) Review of Reports. The Designated Officer shall review the reports filed, and account statements delivered, under this Code of Ethics to determine, if possible, whether any transactions disclosed therein constitute a violation of this Code of Ethics. Before making any determination that a violation has been committed by any Access Person, the Designated Officer shall afford the Access Person an opportunity to supply additional explanatory material. 

Exceptions From Reporting Requirements. 
 
 1) A person need not make a report under the Reports to be Filed by Access Persons Section with respect to a Covered Security held in, or transactions effected for, any account over which the Access Person has no direct or indirect influence or control. 

2) A Disinterested Director who would be required to make a report solely by reason of being a director of the Company need not make: 

a) an initial holding report (Initial Holdings Report) or any annual holdings reports (Annual Holdings Report); and 

b) a quarterly transaction report (Quarterly Transaction Reports) unless he or she knew or, in the ordinary course of fulfilling his or her duties as a director, should have known that during the 15-day period immediately before or after the director's transaction in a Covered Security, the Company purchased or sold, or the Company considered purchasing or selling, the Covered Security. 

7 

3) An Access Person need not make a quarterly transaction report if the report would duplicate information contained in account statements (or broker trade confirmations) received by the Designated Officer in the time period required, if all of the information required is contained in the broker trade confirmations or account statements, or in the records of the Company. 

4) An Access Person need not make a quarterly transaction report with respect to transactions effected pursuant to a program (such as a dividend reinvestment plan) in which periodic purchases (or sales) are made automatically in (or from) investment accounts in accordance with a predetermined schedule and allocation. 

Obligation to Report Violations. 
 
 Every Access Person who becomes aware of a violation of this Code of Ethics must report it to the Designated Officer, who shall report it to appropriate management personnel of the Company. The Designated Officer and the management personnel to whom a violation is reported shall treat the report confidentially to the extent permitted by law, promptly investigate the matter, and take such disciplinary action as they consider appropriate under the circumstances. Any form of retaliation against a person who reports a violation is prohibited and constitutes a violation of this Code of Ethics. The Board of Directors of the Company must be notified, in a timely manner, of remedial action taken with respect to violations of the Code of Ethics. The Company has established an Ethics Hotline, as detailed in the Company s Whistleblower Policy. 
 
 Company Reports. 
 
 No less often than annually, the Company must furnish to the Company's Board of Directors, and the Board of Directors must consider, a written report that: 
 1) describes any issues arising under this Code of Ethics or the related procedures since the last report to the Board of Directors, including but not limited to, information about material violations of this Code of Ethics or related procedures and sanctions imposed in response to the material violations; and 

2) certifies that the Company has adopted procedures reasonably necessary to prevent Access Persons from violating this Code of Ethics. 

Records. 
 
 The Company shall maintain records with respect to this Code of Ethics in the manner and to the extent set forth below, which records may be maintained digitally under the conditions described in Rule 31a 2(f)(1) under the Act, and shall be available for examination by the SEC or any representative of the SEC at any time and from time to time for reasonable periodic, special, or other examination: 
 1) A copy of this Code of Ethics and any other code of ethics of the Company that is, or at 

8 

any time within the past five years has been, in effect shall be maintained in an easily accessible place; 
 2) A record of any violation of this Code of Ethics, and of any action taken as a result of such violation shall be preserved in an easily accessible place for at least five years after the end of the fiscal year in which the violation occurs; 

3) A copy of each report made by an Access Person as required by the Rule or pursuant to this Code of Ethics, including any information provided in lieu of the reports under paragraph (d)(2)(v) of the Rule, shall be maintained for at least five years after the end of the fiscal year in which it is made or the information is provided, the first two years in an easily accessible place; 

4) A record of all persons within the past five years who are or were required to make reports pursuant to paragraph (d) of the Rule or this Code of Ethics, or who are or were responsible for reviewing those reports, shall be maintained in an easily accessible place; and 

5) A record of any decision, and the reasons supporting the decision, to approve the acquisition by investment personnel of securities in an Initial Public Offering or in a Limited Offering shall be maintained for at least five years after the end of the fiscal year in which such acquisition is approved. 

Confidentiality. 
 
 All reports, duplicate account statements and other information filed or delivered to the Designated Officer or furnished to any other person pursuant to this Code of Ethics shall be treated as confidential, but are subject to review as provided herein, by the Company s advisers, and by representatives of the SEC. 
 
 S ANCTIONS 
 
 Upon determination that a violation of this Code of Ethics has occurred, the appropriate management personnel of the Company may impose such sanctions as they deem appropriate, including, among other things, a letter of censure or suspension or termination of the employment of the violator. Violations of this Code of Ethics and any sanctions imposed with respect thereto shall be reported in a timely manner to the Board of Directors of the Company. 
 A CKNOWLEDGEMENT OF R ECEIPT AND A NNUAL C ERTIFICATION OF C OMPLIANCE 
 
 Upon becoming an Access Person, annually thereafter, and whenever this Code of Ethics is amended, each Access Person shall sign and deliver to the Designated Officer an acknowledgement of receipt and certification of compliance with this Code of Ethics and any amendments thereto in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A. 

9 

E XHIBIT A: A CKNOWLEDGEMENT AND C ERTIFICATION 
 
 I acknowledge receipt of the Code of Ethics of [Portman Ridge Finance Corporation][Logan Ridge Finance Corporation] dated July 1, 2021, as amended. I have read and understand the Code of Ethics and agree to be governed by it at all times. Further, if I have been subject to the Code of Ethics during the preceding year, I certify that I have complied with the requirements of the Code of Ethics and have disclosed or reported all personal securities transactions required to be disclosed or reported pursuant to the requirements of the Code of Ethics. 

(signature) 

(please print name) 

(date) 

10 

</EX-14>

<EX-21>
 3
 lrfc-ex21_1.htm
 EX-21.1

EX-21 

Exhibit 21.1 
 List of Subsidiaries 
 CapitalSouth Partners Fund II Limited Partnership (North Carolina) CapitalSouth Partners F-II, LLC (North Carolina) CapitalSouth Fund III, L.P. (Delaware) CapitalSouth F-III, LLC (North Carolina) CPTA Master Blocker, Inc. (Georgia) Capitala Business Lending, LLC (Delaware) 

</EX-21>

<EX-31>
 4
 lrfc-ex31_1.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer 
 pursuant to Rule 13a-14 under the Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted 
 pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 I, Ted Goldthorpe, certify that: 
 1.	I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Logan Ridge Finance Corporation; 
 2.	Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 3.	Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
 4.	The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
 (a)	Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
 (b)	Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 (c)	Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; 
 (d)	Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
 5.	The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 (a)	All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 (b)	Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date: March 9, 2023 

/s/ Ted Goldthorpe 

Ted Goldthorpe 

Chief Executive Officer and President 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

Logan Ridge Finance Corporation 

</EX-31>

<EX-31>
 5
 lrfc-ex31_2.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief FINANCIAL Officer 
 pursuant to Rule 13a-14 under the Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted 
 pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 I, Jason Roos, certify that: 
 1.	I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Logan Ridge Finance Corporation; 
 2.	Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 3.	Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
 4.	The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
 (a)	Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
 (b)	Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 (c)	Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; 
 (d)	Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
 5.	The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 (a)	All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 (b)	Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date: March 9, 2023 

/s/ Jason Roos 

Jason Roos 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

Logan Ridge Finance Corporation 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 6
 lrfc-ex32_1.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32 

Exhibit 32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 I, Ted Goldthorpe, the Chief Executive Officer and President, in connection with the Annual Report of Logan Ridge Finance Corporation (the Company ), on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Annual Report ), certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
 (1)	the Annual Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 
 (2)	the information contained in the Annual Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date: March 9, 2023 

/s/ Ted Goldthorpe 

Ted Goldthorpe 

Chief Executive Officer and President 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

Logan Ridge Finance Corporation 

</EX-32>

<EX-32>
 7
 lrfc-ex32_2.htm
 EX-32.2

EX-32 

Exhibit 32.2 
 
 Certification of Chief FINANCIAL Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 I, Jason Roos, the Chief Financial Officer, in connection with the Annual Report of Logan Ridge Finance Corporation (the Company ), on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Annual Report ), certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
 (1)	the Annual Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 
 (2)	the information contained in the Annual Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date: March 9, 2023 

/s/ Jason Roos 

Jason Roos 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

Logan Ridge Finance Corporation 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 lrfc-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.SCH>
 12
 lrfc-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 lrfc-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.DEF>
 14
 lrfc-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

